<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007213.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007213.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218172412
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007213
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXTNRG, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				834260623
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40809
		FILM NUMBER:		25636192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		67 NW 183RD ST
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-791-1169

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		67 NW 183RD ST
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EzFill Holdings Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200707
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

--12-31false000181700400018170042025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.,
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
13, 2025

NEXTNRG, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40809 84-4260623

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

67 NW 183rd Street, Miami, Florida33169

(Address of principal executive offices, including
Zip Code)

(305)791-1169

(Registrants telephone number, including area
code)

EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13a-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share NXXT Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On February 13, 2025, NextNRG, Inc. (formerly known as EzFill Holdings, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with ThinkEquity LLC (Representative), as representative
of the underwriters (Underwriters) named on Schedule I thereto, relating to the Companys firm commitment underwritten
public offering (the Offering) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock). Pursuant to
the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to sell 5,000,000 shares (Shares) of Common Stock to the underwriters at
a public offering price of $3.00 per share (the Offering Price), and granted the Representative a 45-day over-allotment
option to purchase up to 750,000 additional shares of Common Stock, equivalent to 15% of the shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering
(the Option), pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-261984) (the
Registration Statement), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

The closing of the Offering occurred on February 18,
2025. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Shares, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other
estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, is expected to be approximately $13.3 million. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds from the Offering to expand its business, repay outstanding indebtedness, and general corporate purposes, including working capital.

Upon closing of the Offering, the Company issued the
Representative warrants (the Representatives Warrants) as compensation to purchase up to 250,000 shares of Common
Stock, representing 5% of the aggregate number of Shares sold in the Offering. The Representatives Warrants will be exercisable
at a per share exercise price of $3.75, which represents 125% of the Offering Price. The Representatives Warrants are exercisable,
in whole or in part, during the four and one-half year period commencing 180 days from the commencement of sales of the Shares in the
Offering.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants made by the Company. It also provides for customary indemnification by each of the Company and the Underwriters,
severally and not jointly, for losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the Offering, including for liabilities under the
Securities Act, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement,
each of the Companys directors, executive officers and holders of 5% or more of the Shares have entered into lock-up
agreements with the Representative that generally prohibit, without the prior written consent of the Representative and subject to certain
exceptions, the sale, transfer or other disposition of securities of the Company for a period of six months (with respect to the Companys
directors and executive officers) and three months (with respect to the holders of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock who are not directors and executive officers) from February 13, 2025. Further, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company has agreed for a period of three months from February 13, 2025, subject to certain exceptions, not to (i) offer,
pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right
or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or cause the filing
of any registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to any shares of common stock or other capital stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock or other capital stock of the Company, other than a customary universal
shelf registration statement, which the Company will file within 30 days following the earlier of the expiration of such
three month period or the date the Company becomes initially eligible to file such registration statement; (iii) complete any offering
of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit, term loan arrangement or other debt instrument with a traditional
bank, or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of capital stock of the Company. In addition, for a period of 24 months after February 13, 2025, the Company will not directly
or indirectly enter into an agreement to engage in any at-the-market, continuous equity or variable rate transaction without
the prior written consent of the Representative.

For a period of 36 months following February 18, 2025,
the Representative will have an irrevocable right of first refusal to act as sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole placement
agent, at the Representatives sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offerings for the Company,
or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company, including all equity linked financings, on terms customary to the Representative.
The Representative will have the sole right to determine whether or not any other broker-dealer will have the right to participate in
any such offering and the economic terms of any such participation. The Representative will not have more than one opportunity to waive
or terminate the right of first refusal in consideration of any payment or fee.

The foregoing descriptions of the Underwriting Agreement
and the Representatives Warrants do not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copy of the
Underwriting Agreement and the form of Representatives Warrant, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 1.1 and 4.1, respectively.

The representations, warranties and covenants contained
in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the
parties to the Underwriting Agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the Underwriting
Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Underwriting Agreement,
and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction
with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Item
2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

As
previously reported in the Companys Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
on August 16, 2023, November 8, 2023 and September 27, 2024, the Company, the members of Next Charging LLC (the Members)
and Michael Farkas, an individual, as the representative of the Members entered into an Exchange Agreement dated August 10, 2023 as amended
by the Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated November 2, 2023 (as so amended the Original Exchange Agreement),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire from the Members 100% of the membership interests of Next Charging LLC in exchange for
the issuance by the Company to the Members of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock). Subsequently, Next Charging LLC converted to a corporation organized in the State of Nevada named NextNRG Holding Corp.
(Next) effective as of March 1, 2024 (the Conversion), which Conversion continued the existence of the prior
entity in the new corporate form and the prior members of Next Charging LLC remained as shareholders of NextNRG.

As
reported on the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 14, 2024, on June 11, 2024, in order to
reflect the Conversion, the Company, all of the shareholders of Next (the Shareholders) and Michael Farkas as the representative
of the Shareholders (the Shareholders Representative) executed a second amended and restated agreement to replace
the Original Exchange Agreement in its entirety (the Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement). Pursuant to the Second
Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire from the Shareholders 100% of the shares of Next in exchange for
the issuance by the Company to the Shareholders of Common Stock.

As
reported on the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 25, 2024, on July 22, 2024, the Company
and the Shareholders Representative entered into the first amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement (First
Amendment) to add a new section 2.10 to the Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement providing that, in the event that the
Company at any time prior to the closing undertakes any forward split of the Common Stock, or any reverse split of the Common Stock,
any references to numbers of shares of Common Stock and the shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Shareholders as set forth in the
Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement shall be deemed automatically updated and adjusted to the extent still applicable.

As
reported on the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 27, 2024, on September 25, 2024, the
Company and the Shareholders Representative entered into the second amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement
(Second Amendment). Under the Second Amendment, the consideration to be paid to the Shareholders was revised from 40,000,000
shares of Common Stock to 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock (Exchange Shares) of which, 25,000,000 or 50,000,000 shares
of the Exchange Shares would be vested on the closing date, and the remaining 75,000,000 or 50,000,000 shares of the Exchange Shares
would be subject to vesting or forfeiture. The Second Amendment also provides that in the event that the acquisition of an acquisition
target (as defined under the Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement) by Next (the Target), directly or indirectly
through Next or a subsidiary of Next, had been completed prior to the closing, then 50,000,000 of the Exchange Shares would be the Vested
Shares and 50,000,000 of the Exchange Shares would be the Restricted Shares subject to vesting. In the event that
the acquisition of the acquisition Target by Next, directly or indirectly through Next or a subsidiary of Next, had not been completed
prior to the closing, then 25,000,000 of the Exchange Shares shall be the Vested Shares and 75,000,000 of the Exchange
Shares shall be the Restricted Shares subject to vesting. The Second Amendment also amends and restates the vesting schedule
for the Restricted Shares and includes amendments to omit and amend certain provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement
in light of the amendment to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation).

On
February 13, 2025, the closing (the Next Closing) of the transactions contemplated by the Second Amended and Restated Exchange
Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and Second Amendment, was completed, and in connection therewith Next became a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

At
the Next Closing, the Company issued 100,000,000 Exchange Shares, 50,000,000 of which vested as of the date of the Closing, and 50,000,000
of which were subject to vesting or forfeiture, as consideration paid to the Shareholders,

The
issuance of the Exchange Shares was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
February 14, 2025, in connection with the Next Closing, Michael D. Farkas (aged 52) was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Executive
Chairman of the Company, and Yehuda Levy ceased to be the Companys Interim Chief Executive Officer.

Mr.
Farkas is the founder and former Executive Chairman and CEO of Blink Charging Co. (NASDAQ: BLNK), and is the founder and, since 1997,
managing director of The Farkas Group, a privately held investment firm. In addition, Mr. Farkas was also the Founder, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Atlas Group, where its subsidiary, Atlas Capital Services, a broker-dealer, successfully raised capital for
numerous public and private clients. Over the last 32 years, Mr. Farkas has established a successful track record as a principal investor
across a variety of industries. Since 2016, Mr. Farkas has served as CEO and director of Balance Labs Inc (OTC: BLNC).

Other
than those transactions described in Item 2.01 above, Mr. Farkas has (i) no arrangements or understandings with any other person pursuant
to which he was appointed to as a director, and (ii) no family relationship with any director or executive officer of the Company or
any person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer.

Other
than those transactions described in Item 2.01 above and as previously disclosed at the section entitled Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in that certain prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) of the Securities
Act with the Commission on February 14, 2025, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference, Mr. Farkas has had no direct or indirect
material interest in any transaction or series of similar transactions contemplated by Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Farkas is the
beneficial owner of approximately 75.2% of the Companys issued and outstanding common stock.

In
connection with his appointment, Mr. Farkas will enter into a standard indemnification agreement with the Company in the form previously
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

On
February 14, 2025, Joel Kleiner (aged 36) was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Kleiner has been the Chief Financial
Officer of NextNRG since August 2024. From October 2021 to December 2022, Mr. Kleiner served as a Director of Finance at Torii Software,
and from January 2023 to July 2024. Mr. Kleiner served as the VP of Finance at Torii Software where he takes the lead in financial strategy
and planning initiatives as a member of the leadership team, partnering with leaders to develop and execute comprehensive financial plans
aligned with corporate objectives. From June 2019 to March 2021, Mr. Kleiner served as a controller of Stella Connect (which was acquired
by Medallia Inc. in September of 2022) and from March 2021 to September 2021, he served as the B2B SaaS Customer Feedback and Quality
Assurance at Stella Connect. Mr. Kleiner has also previously served as a Financial Analyst at the Government of Israel Ministry of Finance
Economic Mission in the US from July 2013 to July 2015 and served as an Accounting Technician at the Commission from January 2013 to
June 2013. Mr. Kleiner is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of New York.

Mr.
Kleiner has (i) no arrangements or understandings with any other person pursuant to which he was appointed to as a director, and (ii)
no family relationship with any director or executive officer of the Company or any person nominated or chosen by the Company to become
a director or executive officer.

Mr.
Kleiner has had (i) no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction or series of similar transactions contemplated by Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K and, (ii) as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, Mr. Kleiner holds no direct or indirect beneficial
ownership in the Companys stock or rights to acquire the Companys stock.

In
connection with his appointment, Mr. Kleiner will enter into a standard indemnification agreement with the Company in the form previously
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

In
connection with the Next Closing, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Certificate of Amendment) to change the name of the Company from EzFill
Holdings, Inc. to NextNRG, Inc. The Certificate of Amendment took effect as of 9:00AM Eastern Standard Time on February 14, 2025.

A
copy of the Certificate of Amendment is included as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release
with respect to the Companys entering into the Underwriting Agreement and pricing of the Offering. A copy of this press release
is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.

On February 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release
with respect to the closing of the Offering. A copy of this press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report and incorporated
herein by reference.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits
99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any of the Companys
filings under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, except as shall be expressly set
forth by specific reference to this Report in such filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a)
Financial statements of businesses or funds acquired.

The
consolidated balance sheets of Next as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders
equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes, are included
as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

(b)
Pro forma financial information.

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information required by Item 9.01(b) is included as Exhibit 99.4 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

(d)
Exhibits

No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, between NextNRG, Inc. (formerly known as EzFill Holdings, Inc.) and ThinkEquity LLC.

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as of February 13, 2025.

4.1 Form of Representatives Warrants.

99.1 Press Release issued by NextNRG, Inc. (formerly known as EzFill Holdings, Inc.), dated February 13, 2025.

99.2 Press Release issued by NextNRG, Inc., dated February 18, 2025.

99.3 Next and Subsidiary Consolidated Financial Statements (incorporated by reference to pages F-89 through F-132 of the Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with the Commission as of February 14, 2025).

99.4 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information (incorporated by reference to pages F-133 through F-144 of the Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with the Commission as of February 14, 2025).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

NextNRG, Inc.

By: /s/ Michael Farkas

Name: Michael Farkas

Title Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Executive Chairman

Date: February 18, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

between

EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

and

THINKEQUITY LLC

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

February 13, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

As Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 attached
hereto

17 State Street, 22nd Fl

New York, NY 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, EzFill Holdings,
Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without
limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries or affiliates
of EzFill Holdings, Inc., the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with
ThinkEquity LLC (hereinafter referred to as you (including its correlatives) or the Representative)
and with the other underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative
and such other underwriters being collectively called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter)
as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Shares.

1.1
Firm Shares.

1.1.1.
Nature and Purchase of Firm Shares.

(i)
On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares (Firm Shares)
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock).

(ii)
The Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares
set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof at a purchase price of $2.79 per
share (93.0% of the per Firm Share offering price). The Firm Shares are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set
forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof).

1.1.2.
Shares Payment and Delivery.

(i)
Delivery and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st)
Business Day following the effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1
below) (or the second (2nd) Business Day following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective after
4:01 p.m., Eastern time) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Loeb
& Loeb LLP, 345 Park Avenue, New York NY 10154 (Representative Counsel), or at such other place (or remotely by facsimile
or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment
for the Firm Shares is called the Closing Date.

(ii)
Payment for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable to the order of the Company upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing
the Firm Shares (or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The
Firm Shares shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing
at least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares except
upon tender of payment by the Representative for all of the Firm Shares. The term Business Day means any day other than
a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York,
New York.

1.2
Over-allotment Option.

1.2.1.
Option Shares. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Shares,
the Company hereby grants to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 750,000 additional shares of Common Stock, representing fifteen
percent (15%) of the Firm Shares sold in the offering, from the Company (the Over-allotment Option). Such 750,000 additional
shares of Common Stock, the net proceeds of which will be deposited with the Companys account, are hereinafter referred to as Option
Shares. The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall be equal to the price per Firm Share set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof.
The Firm Shares and the Option Shares are hereinafter referred to together as the Public Securities. The offering and
sale of the Public Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

1.2.2.
Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as
to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Shares within 45 days after the Effective Date. The Underwriters shall
not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option
granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing
by overnight mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date
and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (the Option Closing Date), which shall not be later than one
(1) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative,
at the offices of Representative Counsel or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as
shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing
Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option with respect to all or any
portion of the Option Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to
the Underwriters the number of Option Shares specified in such notice and (ii) each of the Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly,
shall purchase that number of Option Shares as set forth in Schedule 1 opposite the name of such Underwriter.

1.2.3.
Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same
day) funds, payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to you of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters)
representing the Option Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Option Shares shall be registered
in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business
Day prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Shares except upon tender of payment
by the Representative for applicable Option Shares.

- 2 - 

1.3
Representatives Warrants.

1.3.1.
Purchase Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the Closing Date
an option (Representatives Warrant) for the purchase of an aggregate of 250,000 shares of Common Stock, representing
5% of the Public Securities, for an aggregate purchase price of $100.00. In the event that the Representative exercises the Over-allotment
Option, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on each Option Closing Date a Representatives
Warrant for the purchase of an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock equal to five percent (5%) of the Option Shares sold on such
Option Closing Date. The Representatives Warrant agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Representatives
Warrant Agreement), shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on a date which is one hundred eighty (180) days after
the Effective Date and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the Effective Date at an initial exercise price per share of Common Stock
of $3.75, which is equal to 125% of the initial public offering price of the Firm Shares. The Representatives Warrant Agreement
and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Representatives
Securities. The Representative understands and agrees that there are significant restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 against
transferring the Representatives Warrant Agreement and the underlying shares of Common Stock during the one hundred eighty (180)
days after the Effective Date and by its acceptance thereof shall agree that it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate
the Representatives Warrant Agreement, or any portion thereof, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or
call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days
following the Effective Date to anyone other than (i) an Underwriter or a selected dealer in connection with the Offering, or (ii) a bona
fide officer or partner of the Representative or of any such Underwriter or selected dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to
the foregoing lock-up restrictions.

1.3.2.
Delivery. Delivery of the Representatives Warrant Agreement shall be made on the Closing Date and shall be issued in the
name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time
(as defined below), as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

2.1
Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1.
Pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement, and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-275761), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company
in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under
the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations) and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated
therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration
statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became effective (including the Preliminary
Prospectus included in the registration statement, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof
or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A
of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430A Information)), is referred to herein as the Registration Statement.
If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the
term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement
has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

- 3 - 

Each prospectus used prior to
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information that was used after such effectiveness
and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary Prospectus. The Preliminary Prospectus,
subject to completion, dated January 22, 2025, that was included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time
is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus in the form first furnished to the Underwriters for use
in the Offering is hereinafter called the Prospectus. Any reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus
shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

Applicable Time
means 4:15 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 433),
including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating
to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is
a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt
from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Public Securities or of the Offering
that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required
to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General Use Free
Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors
(other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the Bona Fide Electronic Road Show)),
as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-B hereto.

Issuer Limited Use Free
Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

Pricing Disclosure Package
means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Pricing Prospectus and the information
included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

2.1.2.
Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A12B (File Number 001-40809) providing for the
registration pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the
shares of Common Stock. The registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission
on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating
terminating such registration.

2.2
Stock Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock have been approved for listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market (the Exchange),
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the shares of Common Stock from the Exchange,
nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

- 4 - 

2.3
No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or,
to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with
each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

2.4
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.4.1.
Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation. 

(i)
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective,
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus,
including the prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto,
and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering
and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR,
except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(ii)
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable
Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date (if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading. 

(iii)
The Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing
Date (if any), did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and
taken together with the Pricing Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance
upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly
for use in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties
acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the following disclosure contained
in the Underwriting section of the Prospectus: information under the captions Stabilization and Electronic
Offer, Sale and Distribution of Securities, and the information with respect to dealers concessions and reallowances contained
in the section entitled Discounts, Commissions and Reimbursement (the Underwriters Information).

(iv)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of
its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date,
included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however,
that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

- 5 - 

2.4.2.
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been
so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which
it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is
in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other
parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys
knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse
of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance
by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the
Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating
to environmental laws and regulations.

2.4.3.
Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit
of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

2.4.4. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state,
local and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material
respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5. Pending Acquisition.
As disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and the definitive Schedule 14C filed by the
Company on December 29, 2023 (the Information Statement), the Company has entered into an exchange agreement dated as of
August 10, 2023, as amended and restated by the amended and restated exchange agreement dated November 2, 2023 and the first amendment
thereto dated July 22, 2024 and second amendment thereto dated September 25, 2024 (as so amended, the Exchange Agreement)
with all of the members (Members) of Next Charging LLC (Next Charging), and Michael D. Farkas, as the representative
of the Members, with respect to the acquisition of 100% of the membership interests of the Members in Next Charging. The acquisition of
Next Charging is described in more detail in the Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus under the section titled Prospectus
Summary - Overview, which description is complete and correct in all material respects. No prior consent, authorization or order
of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body regulating the business of the Company or Next Charging is required
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement or the valid issuance, sale and delivery
of the Common Stock to be issued to the Members and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Exchange Agreement
and as contemplated by the Information Statement.

- 6 - 

2.5
Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1.
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change
in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate,
would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been
no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer
or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.

2.5.2.
Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred
any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution
on or in respect to its capital stock.

2.6
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, M&K CPAS, PLLC (the Auditor), whose report is filed
with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered
public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board. The Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange
Act.

2.7
Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules, if any, included in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position
and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the
periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected
to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and any supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical
or pro forma financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related
notes, if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and
prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and present fairly in
all material respects the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments
used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such
term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation
S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships
of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys
financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant
components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
(a) neither the Company nor any of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary and,
collectively, the Subsidiaries), has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered
into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or
made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the course of business, any grants under any stock compensation plan, and (d) there has
not been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt.

- 7 - 

2.8
Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the
adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, there
will be no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock
of the Company or any security convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments
to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.9
Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.9.1.
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission
with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued
in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.
The authorized shares of Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock were at all
relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based
in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such Shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.9.2.
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities have been duly authorized
for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not
and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and Representatives Securities
are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities conform in all material respects
to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All
corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Representatives Warrant Agreement has been
duly and validly taken; the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant have been duly authorized
and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued in accordance with
the Representatives Warrant and the Representatives Warrant Agreement, such shares of Common Stock will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders;
and such shares of Common Stock are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company
or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

- 8 - 

2.10
Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of
the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include
any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.11
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Representatives Warrant Agreement have been duly and validly
authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought.

2.12
No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Representatives Warrant
Agreement and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance
by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both:
(i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under,
or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the
Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the
provisions of the Companys Articles of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter)
or the by-laws of the Company (the By-Laws); or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof.

2.13
No Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of
any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not (i) in violation of
any term or provision of its Charter or By-Laws, or (ii) in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity, except in the case of clause (ii), for such violations which would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.14
Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.14.1.
Conduct of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the
Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates
and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business as
described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

2.14.2.
Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out
the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have been
obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for the valid
issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement,
the Representatives Warrant Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

- 9 - 

2.15
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders) as supplemented
by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24 below), provided to
the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause
the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.16
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or
governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus or in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Public Securities on the Exchange.

2.17
Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction
in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify,
singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.18
Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering
such risks which the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least
equal to $5,000,000 and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able
(i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions
as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse
Change.

2.19
Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1.
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there
are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or
understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation,
as determined by FINRA.

2.19.2.
Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders
fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons
who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect
affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, other than the payment to
the Underwriters as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

- 10 - 

2.19.3.
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its
affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.19.4.
FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the
Companys securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during
the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA
member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.19.5.
Information. All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for use
by Representative Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and
complete in all material respects.

2.20
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers
in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of
any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic
or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection
with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental
litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if not continued
in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps
to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.21
Compliance with OFAC. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, is
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC),
and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.22
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is
pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.23
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Representative
Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

- 11 - 

2.24
Lock-Up Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors and each
owner of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of
Common Stock) (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the
Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior
to the execution of this Agreement. 

2.25
Subsidiaries. All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the
place of organization or incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of
property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not result in a Material Adverse
Change. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary is as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

2.26
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other
person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described
as required.

2.27
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Pricing
Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall
composition of the board comply with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated
thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member
of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such
term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on
the Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.28
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

2.28.1.
Disclosure Controls. The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with
Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information
concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys
Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

2.28.2.
Compliance. The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the
Companys future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

- 12 - 

2.29
Accounting Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting
(as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected
or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

2.30
No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof
as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an
investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.31
No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is imminent. 

2.32
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses,
inventions, trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct
of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to
any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as
would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change (A) to the knowledge of the
Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by
the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging
the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable
basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of
the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid
or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding
or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts
which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in
this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual
Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is
unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together
with any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys
knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract,
patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement
or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment
with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and
belonging to the Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options,
licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the
preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any
contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise
in violation of the rights of any persons..

- 13 - 

2.33
Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing
authorities prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed
against the Company or such respective Subsidiary. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with
or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods
to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no issues
have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from
the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have
been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign
and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service
use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other
taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional
amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents
required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.34
ERISA Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with
ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections
414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the
Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA
Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee
benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither
the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA
with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B
of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

- 14 - 

2.35
Compliance with Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable
to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer
for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company (Applicable Laws),
except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received
any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any other governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance
with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto
required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations
are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received
notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any governmental
authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and
has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit,
investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received notice that any governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action
to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering such action;
(F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices,
applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected
or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued or
caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, or other notice
or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation and, to the Companys
knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

2.36
Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time
of effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another
offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities
and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account
of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.37
Disclosures in Commission Filings. Since September 14, 2021, (i) none of the Companys filings with the Commission (including
the Information Statement) contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and (ii) the Company has
made all filings with the Commission required under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder
(the Exchange Act Regulations).

2.38
Real Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real
or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear
of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value
of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its Subsidiaries; and
all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material claim
of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases
mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to the continued possession of the leased or
subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

- 15 - 

2.39
Contracts Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any
of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but
not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect
the Companys or its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to
be described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which have
not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

2.40
Loans to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary
course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors
of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.41
Smaller Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.42
Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and
accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.43
Emerging Growth Company. From the time of the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission (or, if earlier,
the first date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any Person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the Waters
Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a)
of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written
communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act.

2.44
Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than Testing-the-Waters
Communications with the written consent of the Representative and with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning
of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities
Act and (ii) authorized anyone other than the Representative to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company confirms that
the Representative has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed
any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-C hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the
Securities Act.

2.45
Electronic Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii)
of the Securities Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities
Act Regulations) is required in connection with the Offering.

- 16 - 

2.46
Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used,
directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness
which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the shares of
Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

3.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement
to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing. 

3.2
Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1.
Compliance. The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations,
and will notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of the receipt of any
comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any
Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or
of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the
Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public
Securities and Representatives Securities. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act
Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such
steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received
for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof
at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2.
Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the
Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement
and in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the
Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would
be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or condition
shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i) amend
the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will
not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein
not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration
Statement or amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements
of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event;
(B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed
filing or use, furnish the Representative with copies of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such
amendment or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative
or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment
or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representative notice of any filings made pursuant
to the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Representative
notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full
or expiration of the Over-allotment Option specified in Section 1.2 hereof and will furnish the Representative with copies of the related
document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document
to which the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object.

- 17 - 

3.2.3.
Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts
to maintain the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the shares of Common
Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4.
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall
not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by
the Company under Rule 433; provided that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that has been
reviewed by the Representative. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free writing prospectus
consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Underwriters as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433,
and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including timely filing with
the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there
occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with
the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at
that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters and will promptly amend or supplement, at its
own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

3.2.5.
Testing-the-Waters Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there
occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative
and shall promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such
untrue statement or omission.

- 18 - 

3.3
Delivery to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available
to the Representative and counsel for the Representative, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed
and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will
also deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment
thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished
to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4
Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to
each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company
hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter,
without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172,
would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such
Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical
to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation
S-T.

3.5
Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus for at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall notify the Representative
immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto;
(ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose;
(iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public
Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of
the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of
the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event
during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a) the
Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or
any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable
effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6
Review of Financial Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense,
shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial
statements for each of the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7
Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the shares of Common Stock (including the Public Securities)
on the Exchange for at least three years from the date of this Agreement.

3.8
Reserved.

- 19 - 

3.9
Reports to the Representative.

3.9.1.
Periodic Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available
to the Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report
the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of each
Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iii) five copies of each registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities
Act; and (iv) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the
Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company,
a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and Representative Counsel in
connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system
shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section 3.9.1.

3.9.2.
Transfer Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer
agent and registrar acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative at
the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably
request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Worldwide Stock Transfer is acceptable
to the Representative to act as Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock. 

3.9.3.
Trading Reports. For a period of one year from the Closing Date, the Company shall provide to the Representative, at the Companys
expense, such reports published by Exchange relating to price trading of the Public Securities, as the Representative shall reasonably
request.

3.10
Payment of Expenses

3.10.1.
General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date,
if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this
Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the shares of
Common Stock to be sold in the Offering (including the Over-allotment Shares) with the Commission; (b) all Public Filing System filing
fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Public Securities
on the Exchange and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to background checks of the Companys officers and directors in an amount not to exceed $3,000 in the aggregate; (e) all
fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Public Securities under the blue sky
securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate (including, without limitation,
all filing and registration fees); (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of
the Public Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate; (g) the
costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including, without limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, any Blue Sky
Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, Underwriters Questionnaire and
Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary
and final Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (h) the costs and expenses of a public relations firm; (i)
the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing the Public Securities; (j) fees and expenses of the transfer
agent for the shares of Common Stock; (k) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the
Company to the Underwriters; (l) to the extent approved by the Company in writing, the costs associated with post-Closing advertising
the Offering in the national editions of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times; (m) the fees and expenses of the Companys
accountants; (n) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (o) fees and expenses
of the Representatives legal counsel not to exceed $125,000; (p) the $12,500 cost associated with the Underwriters use of
Ipreos book-building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering; and (q) up to $7,000 of the Representatives
market making and trading, and clearing firm settlement expenses for the Offering. The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds
of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid
by the Company to the Underwriters.

- 20 - 

3.10.2.
Non-accountable Expenses. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to Section 3.10.1, on the
Closing Date it shall pay to the Representative, by deduction from the net proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein, a non-accountable
expense allowance equal to one percent (1%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Public Securities, less
the Advance (as such term is defined in Section 8.3 hereof), provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated, the
Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.11
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with
the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, provided that any repayment of indebtedness as described therein shall be solely with respect to existing
indebtedness held by AJB Capital Investments LLC.

3.12
Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon
as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement,
an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act)
covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.13
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

3.14
Internal Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability
for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences.

3.15
Accountants. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain an independent registered public accounting firm reasonably
acceptable to the Representative, and the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting
firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Representative acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable
to the Representative.

3.16
FINRA. The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware
that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the Companys securities
or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately
preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in
the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

- 21 - 

3.17
No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual
in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity,
or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

3.18
Company Lock-Up Agreements. 

3.18.1.
Restriction on Sales of Capital Stock. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior
written consent of the Representative, it will not, for a period of 90 days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period),
(i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any
option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of
the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or
caused to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (iii) complete any offering
of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank or (iv) enter into any swap or other
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company,
whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock
of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. 

The restrictions contained in this
Section 3.18.1 shall not apply to (i) the shares of Common Stock to be sold hereunder, (ii) the issuance by the Company of shares of Common
Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on the date hereof which is disclosed
in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, provided that such options, warrants, and securities have not been amended
since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, (iii) the issuance by the Company of stock options or shares of capital
stock of the Company under any equity compensation plan of the Company, (iv) the filing of a customary universal shelf registration statement
by the Company, which it may file upon the earlier of 30 days after (x) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period and (y) the date it is first
eligible to do so, and (v) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company (including, without limitation, any securities issuable pursuant to the Exchange Agreement) provided that in
each of (ii), (iii) and (v) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up Period.

3.18.2.
Restriction on Continuous Offerings. Notwithstanding the restrictions contained in Section 3.18.1, the Company, on behalf of itself
and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, it will not, for a period of 24 months
after the date of this Agreement, directly or indirectly in any at-the-market or continuous equity transaction, offer to
sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company.

3.19
Release of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set
forth in the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.24 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company with
notice of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company
agrees to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through a major
news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

- 22 - 

3.20
Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to qualify
the Public Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign)
as the Representative may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of
the Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or
to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself
to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.21
Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the
exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed
with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally,
the Company shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities
Act Regulations.

3.22
Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth
Company at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Public Securities within the meaning of the Securities
Act and (ii) fifteen (15) days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

4.
Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities,
as provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date
hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the
Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following
conditions:

4.1
Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than
5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by you, and, at
each of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for
additional information. The Prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and
within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information
shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A.

4.1.2.
FINRA Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the
amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

- 23 - 

4.1.3.
Exchange Stock Market Clearance. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Exchange shall have been approved the Companys application
for initial listing as required pursuant to the Change of Control Decision dated August 29, 2023 regarding the acquisition of Next Charging.
On each of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, the Common Stock, including the Firm Shares and any Option Shares, shall have
been approved for listing on the Exchange.

4.2
Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1.
Closing Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion of Anthony,
Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC, counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representative, substantially in the
form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

4.2.2.
Option Closing Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable
opinion of the counsel listed in Section 4.2.1, dated the Option Closing Date, addressed to the Representative and in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, confirming as of the Option Closing Date, the statements made by such counsel in the opinion
delivered on the Closing Date.

4.2.3.
Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than
the laws of the United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent
specified in such opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative)
of other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact,
to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of
various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies
of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to Representative Counsel if requested. The opinion of Anthony, Linder &
Cacomanolis, PLLC and any opinion relied upon by Anthony, Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC shall include a statement to the effect that
it may be relied upon by Representative Counsel in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3
Comfort Letters. 

4.3.1.
Cold Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed you shall have received a cold comfort letter containing statements
and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain
financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative
and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to you and to the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

4.3.2.
Bring-down Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
from the Auditor a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms
the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not
more than three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable.

- 24 - 

4.4
Officers Certificates.

4.4.1.
Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date and any
Option Closing Date (if such date is other than the Closing Date), of its Chief Executive Officer, its President and its Chief Financial
Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable
Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date) did not include any untrue statement
of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, and the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if
such date is other than the Closing Date), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date (or any Option
Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective
date thereof and as of the Closing Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii)
since the effective date of the Registration Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment
to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable
investigation, as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), the representations and
warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions
on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than
the Closing Date), and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated
by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the
Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material
adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company,
except as set forth in the Prospectus.

4.4.2.
Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
a certificate of the Company signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Date, as the case
may be, respectively, certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full
force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force
and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel
and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall
be attached to such certificate.

4.5
No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been
no Material Adverse Change or development involving a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending
or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative
agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial
condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus;
(iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened
by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations,
and neither the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

- 25 - 

4.6
Delivery of Agreements.

4.6.1.
Lock-Up Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies
of the Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.6.2.
Representatives Warrant Agreement. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed
copies of the Representatives Warrant Agreement.

4.7
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any) Representative Counsel shall have been furnished
with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters,
or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein
contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities and the Representatives
Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and Representative Counsel. 

5.
Indemnification.

5.1
Indemnification of the Underwriters.

5.1.1.
General. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates
and each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates, counsel,
and agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter Indemnified Party),
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever,
whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries (a Claim), (i) arising out
of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (B) any materials or information provided to investors by,
or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor
presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (C) any application or other document or written
communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information
furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities and Representatives Securities under the
securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities
exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance
upon, and in conformity with, the Underwriters Information or (ii) otherwise arising in connection with or allegedly in connection
with the Offering. The Company also agrees that it will reimburse each Underwriter Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses (including
but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation,
commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties
and the Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses),
and further agrees wherever and whenever possible to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Underwriter Indemnified Party
in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Claim.

- 26 - 

5.1.2.
Procedure. If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against
the Company pursuant to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution
of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the approval
of such Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Underwriter Indemnified Party requests that the Company do
so. Such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any
settlement of any action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Underwriters, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek
to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution may be sought
hereunder (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
(i) includes an unconditional release of each Underwriter Indemnified Party, acceptable to such Underwriter Indemnified Party, from all
liabilities, expenses and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought and (ii) does not
include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Underwriter Indemnified Party.

5.2
Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the
foregoing indemnity from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions
made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters Information. In case any action
shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity
may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each
other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The
Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of
its officers, directors or any person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

- 27 - 

5.3
Contribution.

5.3.1.
Contribution Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect
thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount
paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in such
proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on
the other, from the Offering of the Public Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable
law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative
fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that resulted in
such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to
be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Public Securities purchased under this Agreement (before
deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the total
underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters with respect to the shares of the Common Stock purchased under this
Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined by
reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not
be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters
were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability, or action
in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal
or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of
the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the Offering of the
Public Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

5.3.2.
Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice
of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against
another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify
the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder.
In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative
of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying
party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement
of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party.
The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. Each Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this
Section 5.3 are several and not joint.

6.
Default by an Underwriter.

6.1
Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations
to purchase the Firm Shares or the Option Shares, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder, and if the number of the Firm Shares
or Option Shares with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Shares or Option
Shares that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates shall
be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

- 28 - 

6.2
Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than
10% of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, you may in your discretion arrange for yourself or for another party or parties to purchase such
Firm Shares or Option Shares to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business Day after such default
relating to more than 10% of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, you do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Shares or Option Shares,
then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory
to you to purchase said Firm Shares or Option Shares on such terms. In the event that neither you nor the Company arrange for the purchase
of the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated
by you or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.9 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters
(except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that if such default occurs with respect to the Option Shares, this Agreement
will not terminate as to the Firm Shares; and provided, further, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability,
if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3
Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates are to be purchased
by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, you or the Company shall have the
right to postpone the Closing Date or Option Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days,
in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriter may thereby be made necessary. The
term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as
if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such shares of Common Stock.

7.
Additional Covenants.

7.1
Board Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as
members of the Board of Directors and the overall composition of the Board comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange Act and
with the listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to
have its Public Securities listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least
one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term
is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2
Prohibition on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity,
without the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st)
Business Day following the fortieth (40th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the
ordinary course of the Companys business.

- 29 - 

7.3
Right of First Refusal. Provided that the Firm Shares are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Representative
shall have an irrevocable right of first refusal (the Right of First Refusal), for a period of thirty-six (36) months after
the date the Offering is completed, to act as sole investment banker, sole book-runner and/or sole and exclusive placement agent, at the
Representatives sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity linked
financings (each, a Subject Transaction), during such thirty-six (36) month period, of the Company, or any successor to
or subsidiary of the Company, on terms customary to the Representative for such Subject Transactions. For the avoidance of any doubt,
the Representative shall have the sole right to determine whether or not any other broker dealer shall have the right to participated
in any such offering and the economic terms of any such participation.

The Company shall notify the Representative
of its intention to pursue a Subject Transaction, including the material terms thereof, by providing written notice thereof by registered
mail or overnight courier service addressed to the Representative. If the Representative fails to exercise its Right of First Refusal
with respect to any Subject Transaction within ten (10) Business Days after the mailing of such written notice, then the Representative
shall have no further claim or right with respect to the Subject Transaction. The Representative may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion,
not to exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to any Subject Transaction; provided that any such election by the Representative
shall not adversely affect the Representatives Right of First Refusal with respect to any other Subject Transaction during the
thirty-six (36) month period agreed to above.

8.
Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1
Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered
counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

8.2
Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if
any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in your opinion will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges
for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction;
or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been
declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material
loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss
shall have been insured, will, in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Shares or Option Shares;
or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if
the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a Material Adverse Change in the conditions or prospects of the
Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable
to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale
of the Public Securities.

8.3
Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant
to Section 6.2 above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein
or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their actual and accountable
out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable (including the fees and disbursements of Representative
Counsel) up to $300,000, inclusive of the $25,000 advance for accountable expenses previously paid by the Company to the Representative
(the Advance) and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters;
provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually
incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

- 30 - 

8.4
Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force
and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or
any part hereof.

8.5
Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement
or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any
Underwriter, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9.
Miscellaneous.

9.1
Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed
(registered or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic mail and confirmed and shall be deemed
given when so delivered or confirmed or, if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Fl

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Head of Investment Banking

Email: notices@think-equity.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com

If to the Company:

EzFill Holdings, Inc.

67 NW 183rd Street

Miami, Fl. 33169

Attention: Yehuda Levy

Email: yehuda@ezfl.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Anthony, Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC

1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 

Attention: Laura Anthony, Esq.

Attention: Craig D. Linder, Esq.

Email: LAnthony@alclaw.com

Email: Clinder@alclaw.com

- 31 - 

9.2
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3
Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that
certain engagement letter between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, dated August 30, 2023, shall remain in full force and effect.

9.5
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters,
the Company and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal
representatives, heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns
shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

9.6
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any
action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New
York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably
submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall
constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof. 

9.8
Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

- 32 - 

If the foregoing correctly sets
forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon
this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Yehuda Levy

Name: Yehuda Levy

Title: CEO

Confirmed as of the date first written above mentioned, on
behalf of itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto:

THINKEQUITY LLC

By: /s/ Kevin Mangan 

Name: Kevin Mangan 

Title: Managing Director, Head of Equity Syndicate 

[signature
page]

[ezfill
underwriting agreement

SCHEDULE 1

Underwriter 

Total Number of

Firm Shares to be Purchased Number of Additional Shares to be Purchased if the Over-Allotment Option is Fully Exercised 

ThinkEquity LLC 5,000,000 750,000 

TOTAL 5,000,000 750,000 

Sch. 1-1 

SCHEDULE 2-A

Pricing Information

Number of Firm Shares: 5,000,000

Number of Option Shares: 750,000

Public Offering Price per Share: $3.00

Underwriting Discount per Share: $0.21

Underwriting Non-accountable expense allowance per Share: $0.03

Proceeds to Company per Share (before expenses): $2.79

SCHEDULE 2-B

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus dated December 19, 2024

SCHEDULE 2-C

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.

Sch. 2-1 

SCHEDULE 3

List of Lock-Up Parties

Michael Farkas

The Farkas Group, Inc

SIF Energy LLC

NextNRG Holding Corp.

Inductive Holdings LLC

Balance Labs, Inc.

Yehuda Levy

Michael Handelman

Avishai Vaknin

Daniel Arbour

Jack Leibler

Bennett Kurtz

Sean Oppen

Joel Kleiner

Sch. 3-1 

EXHIBIT A

Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED
AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE
WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) THINKEQUITY LLC,
OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF THINKEQUITY LLC, OR
OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE
PRIOR TO AUGUST 12, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, FEBRUARY 13, 2030.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______

Initial Exercise Date: August 12, 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
August 12, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Effective Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from EzFill Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares
of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder.
The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This
Warrant is being issued pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement (as defined below).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Ex. A-1 

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Effective
Date means the effective date of the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-275761), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share under the Securities Act, that the
Company has filed with the Commission.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day
means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

Underwriting
Agreement means that certain Underwriting Agreement dated February 13, 2025 by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC,
as representative of the underwriters set forth therein.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

Ex. A-2 

Section 2. Exercise. 

a) Exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise
Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a
duly executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days
following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the
applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise
procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be
required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the
final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any
objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by
acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $3.75, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers
check, at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a
cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(64) of
Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading
Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours
on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such
Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the
close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

Ex. A-3 

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of
Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its
transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The
Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company or its
transfer agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the
issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by
the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold
by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to
which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date
that is one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share
Delivery Date). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company,
at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without
legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including with respect to affiliate
status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer agent shall have
received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide a
confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless
exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be
deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder
of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the
Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to
Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the
Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such
exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second
Trading Day following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

Ex. A-4 

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however,
that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice
concurrently with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the
restoration of Holders right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the
Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in
connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was
executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations
hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect
to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000,
under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall
provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required
pursuant to the terms hereof.

Ex. A-5 

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay
all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or
another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant
Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Purchase
Warrant. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Purchase
Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant in
accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein. 

Ex. A-6 

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of
Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in
the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is
not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is
solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in
this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is
exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or
confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be
determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the
Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the
Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its
Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may
increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after
such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a
successor holder of this Warrant. 

Ex. A-7 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination
or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that
the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice,
or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) [RESERVED]

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on
which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such
extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

Ex. A-8 

d) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other than
cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way
of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar
transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the
Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of
which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of
Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in
abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such
Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has
exercised this Warrant.

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or
indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is
effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common
Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or
party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each
Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction,
at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares
of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Stock as a result of such
Fundamental Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise,
the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount
of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall
apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different
components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to
be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it
receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a
Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a
security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which
is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to
the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the
exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such
Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such
Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such
Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such
Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

Ex. A-9 

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the
sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to
Holder.

i. 
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the
number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. 
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant
Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall
not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction
that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except
the transfer of any security:

i. by
operation of law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any
FINRA member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain
subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii. if the
aggregate amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being
offered;

iv. that is
beneficially owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages or
otherwise directs investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the
fund; or

v. the
exercise or conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a)
for the remainder of the time period.

Ex. A-10 

Subject to the foregoing
restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the
Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be
divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial
issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any
exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Ex. A-11 

Section 5. Registration Rights.

5.1. Demand Registration.

5.1.1 Grant
of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or the
underlying Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares
underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration
statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its
reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by
the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration
statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i)
the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates
to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn
or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time beginning on the Initial
Exercise Date and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of
its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within
ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested
by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State
in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit
to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section
5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the
prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to
use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material
misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration
under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the date
of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1 Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for a period
of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable Securities
as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule
145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely in connection
with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable
discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s)
judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be
obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the
Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made
pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be
included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first
excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement
or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

Ex. A-12 

5.2.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of
filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by
the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have
been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein
by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement.
Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under
this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date.

5.3 General Terms

5.3.1
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration
statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 (a) of the Exchange Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys
fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of
them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only
to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters
contained in Section 5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such
registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss,
claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in
investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in
writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions
contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

5.3.2 Exercise
of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants prior to or after
the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

Ex. A-13 

5.3.3 Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each underwriter
of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel to the Company,
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, an opinion
dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter dated the
effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter dated the
date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has issued a report
on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters
with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter,
with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers counsel
and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver
promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to the managing
underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating
to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and underwriter to do
such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement
as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access
to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent auditors,
all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

5.3.4 Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders
whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and
such managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as
are customarily contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any
underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any
or all the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to
and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements
with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of
distribution.

5.3.5 Documents
to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a completed
and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6 Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holder(s),
be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions
or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other
security.

Ex. A-14 

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as
Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a
stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not
include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such
Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Trading Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares
to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants
that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which
may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Ex. A-15 

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in
accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does
not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be
sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of
appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its
rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder
for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or
by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the
defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of
Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

Ex. A-16 

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant. 

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

Ex. A-17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-18 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

_________________________

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;
or

if permitted the cancellation of such
number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect
to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please register
and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________

Ex. A-19 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of
or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________ whose
address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______ 

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond
with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations
and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

Ex. A-20 

EXHIBIT B

Lock-Up Agreement

February [], 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, NY 10004

As Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 to the
Underwriting Agreement referenced below

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands that
ThinkEquity LLC (the Representative), proposes to enter into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with EzFill Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), providing for the public
offering (the Public Offering) of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common
Shares). 

To induce the Representative to
continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of
the Representative, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 180 days (in the event the undersigned
is a director or officer of the Company) or 90 days (in all other cases) after the date of the Underwriting Agreement relating to the
Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer
or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Common Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common
Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires
the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that
transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction
described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for
or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer,
sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent
of the Representative in connection with (a) transactions relating to Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the
completion of the Public Offering; provided that no filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made
in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market transactions; (b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of the undersigned or a family member
(for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote
than first cousin); (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution; (d) if the undersigned is a corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, (i) any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to another corporation, partnership
or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the undersigned or (ii) distributions of Lock-Up
Securities to members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries or affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned; (e) if the undersigned is a trust, to a trustee or beneficiary of the trust; provided
that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b), (c) (d) or (e), (i) any such transfer shall not involve a
disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver to the Representative a lock-up agreement substantially in the form
of this lock-up agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement
shall be required or shall be voluntarily made; (f) the receipt by the undersigned from the Company of Common Shares upon the vesting
of restricted stock awards or stock units or upon the exercise of options to purchase the Companys Common Shares issued under an
equity incentive plan of the Company or an employment arrangement described in the Pricing Prospectus (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement) (the Plan Shares) or the transfer of Common Shares or any securities convertible into Common Shares to
the Company upon a vesting event of the Companys securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase the Companys securities,
in each case on a cashless or net exercise basis or to cover tax obligations of the undersigned in connection
with such vesting or exercise, but only to the extent such right expires during the Lock-up Period, provided that no filing under
Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made within 180
days after the date of the Underwriting Agreement, and after such 180th day, if the undersigned is required to file a report
under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of Common Shares during the Lock-Up
Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such schedule or report to the effect that the purpose of such transfer was to cover
tax withholding obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise and, provided further, that the Plan
Shares shall be subject to the terms of this lock-up agreement; (g) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to agreements described
in the Pricing Prospectus under which the Company has the option to repurchase such securities or a right of first refusal with respect
to the transfer of such securities, provided that if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 13 or Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of Common Shares during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include
a statement in such schedule or report describing the purpose of the transaction; (h) the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to
Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities, provided that (i) such plan does not provide for the
transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period and (ii) to the extent a public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act,
if any, is required of or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding the establishment of such plan,
such public announcement or filing shall include a statement to the effect that no transfer of Lock-Up Securities may be made under such
plan during the Lock-Up Period; (i) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities that occurs by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified
domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement, provided that the transferee agrees to sign and deliver a lock-up agreement
substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement for the balance of the Lock-Up Period, and provided further, that any filing
under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act that is required to be made during the Lock-Up Period as a result of such transfer
shall include a statement that such transfer has occurred by operation of law; and (j) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to
a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made to all holders of the Common Shares involving
a change of control (as defined below) of the Company after the closing of the Public Offering and approved by the Companys board
of directors; provided that in the event that the tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed,
the Lock-Up Securities owned by the undersigned shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this lock-up agreement. For purposes
of clause (k) above, change of control shall mean the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, amalgamation,
consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act), or group of persons, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of a majority
of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company. The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions
with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance
with this lock-up agreement.

Ex. B-1 

The undersigned agrees that,
prior to engaging in any transaction or taking any other action that is subject to the terms of this lock-up agreement during the period
from the date hereof to and including the 34th day following the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned will give
notice thereof to the Company and will not consummate any such transaction or take any such action unless it has received written confirmation
from the Company that the Lock-Up Period has expired. 

If the undersigned is an officer
or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed
or friends and family Securities that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering; (ii) the Representative agrees
that, at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection
with a transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Representative will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and (iii) the Company
has agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service at
least two (2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representative hereunder
to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions
of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration
and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for the
duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

The undersigned understands that
the Company and the Representative are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering. The
undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs, legal
representatives, successors and assigns.

The undersigned understands that, if the Underwriting Agreement is not
executed by March 31, 2025, or if the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate
or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Common Shares to be sold thereunder, then this lock-up agreement shall be void
and of no further force or effect.

Ex. B-2 

Whether or not the Public Offering
actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant to an Underwriting
Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Representative.

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

Address: 

Ex. B-3 

EXHIBIT C

Form of Press Release

EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

[Date]

EzFill Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
announced today that ThinkEquity LLC, acting as representative for the underwriters in the Companys recent public offering of 
_______ shares of the Companys common stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to _________ shares
of the Companys common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver]
[release] will take effect on _________, 20___, and the shares may be sold on or after such date. 

This press release is not an offer or sale of the
securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Ex. C-1 

EXHIBIT
D

Form
of Opinion of Counsel

(i)
The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware with the requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease, as
the case may be, and operate its respective properties, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement.
The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in the following jurisdictions: Florida,
California, Michigan, Tennessee and Texas.

(ii)
The authorized shares of capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Prospectus.

(iii)
The Public Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale to the Underwriters pursuant to the
Underwriting Agreement and, when issued and paid for pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will be validly issued and fully
paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability solely by reason of being such holders.
The issuance of the Public Securities is not and will not be subject to the preemptive or similar rights of any holders of any security
of the Company arising by operation of law or under the Charter, the Bylaws or the Material Contracts.

(iv)
The Underwriting Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(v)
The Representatives Warrant Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Company and constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (a) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (b) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provisions may be limited under the Federal and state securities
laws, and (c) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. The shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant Agreement have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Representatives Warrant Agreement, will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will not be subject to the preemptive or similar rights of any holders of any security
of the Company arising by operation of law or under the Charter, the Bylaws or the Material Contracts (as defined below).

(vi)
The execution, delivery and performance of the Underwriting Agreement and the Representatives Warrant
Agreement, and compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby,
and the issuance and sale of the Public Securities, do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of
time or both, (a) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under,
or result in the creation or modification of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of
the Company pursuant to the terms of, any mortgage, deed of trust, note, indenture, loan, contract, commitment or other agreement or instrument
filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (collectively, the Material Contracts), (b) result
in any violation of the provisions of the Charter, the By-laws or any other governing documents of the Company, or (c) violate any
law, statute, rule or regulation or, to such counsels knowledge, any judgment, order decree applicable to the Company of any Governmental
Entity, except in the case of each of clauses (a) and (c) for those breaches or violations which would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change.

Ex. D-1 

(vii)
The shares of Common Stock offered pursuant to the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the description
thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. No United States or state statute
or regulation required to be described in the Prospectus is not described as required (except as to the blue sky laws of
the various states, as to which such counsel expresses no opinions), nor are any contracts or documents of a character required to be
described in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to be filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits
to the Registration Statement not so described or filed as required.

(viii)
The statements in the Registration Statement,
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading Description of Capital Stock,
insofar as such statements purport to summarize legal matters, legal conclusions, the Charter, the Bylaws, or other agreements or documents
discussed therein, fairly summarize the matters described therein in all material respects.

(ix)
The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission under
the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations.No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued
under the Securities Act or any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or the Prospectus has been issued, and no proceedings for any such purpose have been instituted or, to such counsels knowledge,
are pending by the Commission or any other Governmental Entity. Any required filing of the Prospectus,
and any required supplement thereto, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act Regulations, has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without
reference to Rule 424(b)(8)).

(x)
The Company is not required and, after giving effect to the Offering and sale of the Public Securities and
the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
will not be required, to register as an investment company, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(xi)
From the time of the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission (or, if earlier, the
first date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any Person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the Waters Communication)
through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities
Act.

(xii)No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration,
qualification or decree of, any Governmental Entity (other than under the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, which have
been obtained, or as may be required under the securities or blue sky laws of the various states, as to which such counsel need express
no opinion) is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement, in connection
with the offering, issuance or sale of the Public Securities thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby,
except such as have been already made or obtained or as may be required under the rules of the Exchange, state securities laws or the
rules of FINRA.

(xiii)
The Public Securities have been approved for listing on the Exchange upon official notice of issuance.

Ex. D-2 

(xiv)
To such counsels knowledge, there are no persons with registration rights
or other similar rights to have any securities registered pursuant to the Registrant Statement or otherwise registered for sale by the
Company under the Securities Act, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(xv)
To such counsels knowledge, there are not (1) any pending legal proceedings to which the Company
is a party or of which the Companys property is the subject, or (2) any proceedings contemplated by any Governmental Authority,
in each case, which are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are
not so disclosed.

(xvi)
To such counsels knowledge, neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting
on its behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under
circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act, which
would require the registration of the sales of any such securities under the Securities Act.

(xvii)
Each of (1) the Registration Statement, as of the time it became effective, (2) the Pricing Disclosure Package,
as of the Applicable Time, and (3) the Prospectus, as of its date (in each case other than the financial statements and supporting schedules
included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered), complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and Securities Act Regulations.

The opinion shall further
include the following:

Nothing
has come to such counsels attention that caused such counsel to believe that (1) the Registration Statement, as of the time it
became effective, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (2) the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, contained an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (3) the Prospectus, as of its date and as of the Closing Date or Option
Closing Date, as applicable, contained or contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (except
that, in each case, such counsel need express no view, and make no statement, with respect to the financial statements and schedules and
notes thereto and other financial data derived therefrom that are contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus).

Ex. D-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

Form
of Representatives Warrant Agreement

THE
REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR
HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER
THAN (I) THINKEQUITY LLC, OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER
OF THINKEQUITY LLC, OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO AUGUST 12, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, FEBRUARY 13, 2030.

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

NEXTNRG,
INC.

Warrant
Shares: _________

Initial
Exercise Date: August 12, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ________ or his assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time on or after August 12, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A),
prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Effective Date (the Termination Date)
but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from NextNRG, Inc. (formerly known as EzFill Holdings, Inc.), a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to ________ shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Warrant
Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is being issued pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement (as defined
below).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Effective
Date means the effective date of the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-275761), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share under the Securities Act, that
the Company has filed with the Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Underwriting
Agreement means that certain Underwriting Agreement dated February 13, 2025 by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC,
as representative of the underwriters set forth therein.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly
executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the
date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $3.75, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers
check, at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close
of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
its transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company or its transfer agent
is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant
Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or
manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant
Share Delivery Date (as defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Day after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). If the Warrant Shares can
be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or
other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back
up documentation from the Holder, including with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares
(provided the requirement of the Holder to provide a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance
of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to
Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein
shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with
payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder,
if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per
Trading Day on the third Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading Day
following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however,
that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently
with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders
right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such
restored right).

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on
or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the
portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving
rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to
pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of
the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to
pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant
as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii.
Signature. This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder
in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this
Purchase Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant
in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in
the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder
of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price
of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option
to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option
to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise
Price then in effect.

b)
[RESERVED]

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other
than cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way
of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder
has exercised this Warrant.

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Stock as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein.

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the
number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear
upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock
of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect
therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice
provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call
transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the
transfer of any security:

i.
by operation of law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii.
to any FINRA member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain
subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii.
if the aggregate amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv.
that is beneficially owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages
or otherwise directs investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the
fund; or

v.
the exercise or conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a)
for the remainder of the time period.

Subject
to the foregoing restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant
full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Registration Rights.

5.1.Demand
Registration.

5.1.1
Grant of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or
the underlying Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant
Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration
statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its
reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review
by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed
a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof
and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration
statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement
has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time
beginning on the Initial Exercise Date and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date. The Company covenants and agrees
to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the
Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested
by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State
in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit
to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under
Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable
Securities covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only
use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately
cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due
to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand
registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary
of the date of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2
Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1
Grant of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for
a period of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable
Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated
by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely
in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall,
in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement because,
in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution,
then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities
with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable
Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable
Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless
the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such
Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

5.2.2
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date
of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed
by the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date.

5.3General
Terms

5.3.1
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement
hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a)
of the Exchange Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the
same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5.1 of the
Underwriting Agreement. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors
and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including
all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim
whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished
by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to
the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the
Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

5.3.2
Exercise of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants prior
to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3
Documents Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each
underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel
to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter
dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has
issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder
and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the
registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation
shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and
independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

5.3.4
Underwriting Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by
any Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such
managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating
to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties
and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such
Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except
as they may relate to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

5.3.5
Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company
a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6
Damages. Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the
Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available
to the Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened
breach of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity
of posting bond or other security.

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or
stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

NEXTNRG,
INC.

By: 

Name: Michael
Farkas

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO: NEXTNRG,
INC.

_________________________

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c),
to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please register and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated:
______________, _______

Holders
Signature: _____________________________

Holders
Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper
evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

EzFill
Holdings Announces Pricing of $15 Million Public Offering and Closing of Share Exchange with NextNRG

NextNRG,
Inc. will Trade Under the New Ticker Nasdaq: NXXT

Miami,
Florida, February 13, 2025 EzFill Holdings, Inc. (EzFill and the Company) (Nasdaq: EZFL), a leading
mobile fueling company, today announced the pricing of a public offering of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at a price to the public
of $3.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $15,000,000, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. In addition, EzFill
has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 shares of common stock to cover over-allotments,
if any.

EzFill
today also announced the closing of its previously announced share exchange agreement with NextNRG Holding Corp. Effective February 14,
2025, the Company will change its name from EzFill Holdings, Inc. to NextNRG, Inc. The Companys common
stock will cease trading under the ticker symbol EZFL and begin trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol
NXXT and the new CUSIP number 652941105 as of the commencement of trading on February 14, 2025. The offering is expected
to close on February 18, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The
Company intends to use the proceeds to expand its business, repay outstanding indebtedness, and general corporate purposes, including
working capital.

ThinkEquity
is acting as sole book-runner for the offering.

Anthony,
Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC is acting as legal counsel to EzFill and Loeb & Loeb LLP is acting as legal counsel to ThinkEquity
in connection with the offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-275761) relating to the shares was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) and a post-effective amendment thereto became effective on February 13, 2025. This offering is being made only by
means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained from ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st
Floor, New York, New York 10004. The final prospectus will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website located
at http://www.sec.gov.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
NextNRG, Inc. (f/k/a EzFill Holdings, Inc.)

NextNRG
Holding Corp. (NextNRG) and EzFill have merged to form a combined entity focused on renewable energy, mobile fueling, and next-generation
energy infrastructure. By leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) technologies, NextNRG is developing an integrated
ecosystem that combines solar energy generation, battery storage, wireless electric vehicle (EV) charging, and on-demand fuel delivery.

At
the core of NextNRGs strategy is the deployment of NextNRG Smart Microgrids, which utilize AI-driven energy management alongside
solar power and battery storage to enhance energy efficiency, reduce costs, and improve grid resiliency. These microgrids are designed
to serve commercial properties, schools, hospitals, nursing homes, parking garages, rural and tribal lands, recreational facilities,
and government properties, expanding energy accessibility while supporting decarbonization initiatives.

Following
the merger with EzFill, NextNRG is integrating sustainable energy solutions into mobile fueling operations. The company will provide
renewable energy to its fueling partners, supporting more efficient fuel delivery while advancing clean energy adoption. It continues
to expand its growing fleet of fuel delivery trucks and national footprint, including the acquisition of Yoshi Mobilitys fuel
division, further solidifying its position as a leader in the on-demand fueling industry.

By
combining renewable energy innovation with mobile fueling expertise, NextNRG is building a sustainable energy ecosystem that bridges
traditional fuel needs with AI-powered clean energy solutions.

The
combined entity, NextNRG, will trade under the symbol NXXT on the Nasdaq Capital Market. To find out more visit NextNRG.com.

Forward
Looking Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements include statements regarding, among other things, EzFills expectations regarding the completion, timing and size of
the proposed offering, EzFills expectations with respect to granting the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase additional shares
and EzFills anticipated use of the net proceeds from the proposed offering. Any statement describing EzFills goals, expectations,
financial or other projections, intentions, or beliefs is a forward-looking statement and should be considered an at-risk statement.
Words such as expect, intends, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those related to EzFills
business and macroeconomic and geopolitical events. These and other risks are described in the prospectus related to the proposed offering
to be filed with the SEC. EzFills forward-looking statements involve assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove correct,
could cause its results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although EzFills
forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of its management, these statements are based only on facts and factors currently
known by EzFill. Except as required by law, EzFill undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason.
As a result, you are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements.

Investor
Relations Contact:

Jeff
Ramson, CEO

PCG
Advisory, Inc.

jramson@pcgadvisory.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

NextNRG,
Inc. Announces Closing of $15 Million Public Offering

NextNRG,
Inc. is Trading Under the New Ticker Nasdaq: NXXT after Closing of Share Exchange with Ezfill Holdings, Inc.

Miami,
Florida, February 18, 2025 NextNRG, Inc. (NextNRG and the Company) (Nasdaq: NXXT), a company
focused on renewable energy, mobile fueling, and next-generation energy infrastructure, today announced the closing of a public offering
of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $3.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $15,000,000, before deducting
underwriting discounts and offering expenses. In addition, NextNRG has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an
additional 750,000 shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any.

NextNRG
previously announced the closing of its previous share exchange agreement with EzFill Holdings, Inc. Effective February 14, 2025, the
Company changed its name from EzFill Holdings, Inc. to NextNRG, Inc. The Companys common stock ceased
trading under the ticker symbol EZFL and began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol NXXT
and the new CUSIP number 652941105 as of the commencement of trading on February 14, 2025.

The
Company intends to use the proceeds to expand its business, repay outstanding indebtedness, and general corporate purposes, including
working capital.

ThinkEquity
acted as sole book-runner for the offering.

Anthony,
Linder & Cacomanolis, PLLC acted as legal counsel to NextNRG and Loeb & Loeb LLP acted as legal counsel to ThinkEquity in connection
with the offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-275761) relating to the shares was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) and a post-effective amendment thereto became effective on February 13, 2025. This offering is being made only by
means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus may be obtained from ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York,
New York 10004.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
NextNRG, Inc. (f/k/a EzFill Holdings, Inc.)

NextNRG
Holding Corp. (NextNRG) and EzFill have merged to form a combined entity focused on renewable energy, mobile fueling, and next-generation
energy infrastructure. By leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) technologies, NextNRG is developing an integrated
ecosystem that combines solar energy generation, battery storage, wireless electric vehicle (EV) charging, and on-demand fuel delivery.

At
the core of NextNRGs strategy is the deployment of NextNRG Smart Microgrids, which utilize AI-driven energy management alongside
solar power and battery storage to enhance energy efficiency, reduce costs, and improve grid resiliency. These microgrids are designed
to serve commercial properties, schools, hospitals, nursing homes, parking garages, rural and tribal lands, recreational facilities,
and government properties, expanding energy accessibility while supporting decarbonization initiatives.

Following
the merger with EzFill, NextNRG is integrating sustainable energy solutions into mobile fueling operations. The company will provide
renewable energy to its fueling partners, supporting more efficient fuel delivery while advancing clean energy adoption. It continues
to expand its growing fleet of fuel delivery trucks and national footprint, including the acquisition of Yoshi Mobilitys fuel
division, further solidifying its position as a leader in the on-demand fueling industry.

By
combining renewable energy innovation with mobile fueling expertise, NextNRG is building a sustainable energy ecosystem that bridges
traditional fuel needs with AI-powered clean energy solutions.

The
combined entity, NextNRG, is trading under the symbol NXXT on the Nasdaq Capital Market. To find out more visit NextNRG.com.

Forward
Looking Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements include statements regarding, among other things, NextNRGs expectations regarding NextNRGs expectations with
respect to granting the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase additional shares and NextNRGs anticipated use of the net proceeds
from the proposed offering. Any statement describing NextNRGs goals, expectations, financial or other projections, intentions,
or beliefs is a forward-looking statement and should be considered an at-risk statement. Words such as expect, intends,
will, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those related to NextNRGs business and macroeconomic and geopolitical
events. These and other risks are described in the prospectus related to the offering to be filed with the SEC. NextNRGs forward-looking
statements involve assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove correct, could cause its results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although NextNRGs forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment
of its management, these statements are based only on facts and factors currently known by NextNRG. Except as required by law, NextNRG
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements for any reason. As a result, you are cautioned not to rely on these
forward-looking statements.

Investor
Relations Contact:

Jeff
Ramson, CEO

PCG
Advisory, Inc.

jramson@pcgadvisory.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ezfl-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ezfl-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ezfl-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40809

Entity Registrant Name NEXTNRG, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001817004

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4260623

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 67 NW 183rd Street

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33169

City Area Code (305)

Local Phone Number 791-1169

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol NXXT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC.

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ezfl.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ezfl-20250213.xsd 
ezfl-20250213_lab.xml 
ezfl-20250213_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007213-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001817004 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

--12-31 
false 
0001817004 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
NEXTNRG, INC. 
DE 
001-40809 
84-4260623 
67 NW 183rd Street 
Miami 
FL 
33169 
(305) 
791-1169 
EZFILL HOLDINGS, INC. 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
NXXT 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>