<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-000742.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-000742.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326160533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-000742
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evofem Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618835
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				208527075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36754
		FILM NUMBER:		25773166

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12400 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 550-1900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12400 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Neothetics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140905
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000161883500016188352025-03-202025-03-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 20, 2025

EVOFEM
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36754 20-8527075

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S.
Employer

of
incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

7770
Regents Road, Suite 113-618

San
Diego, California92122

(Address
of principal executive offices)

(858)550-1900

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a -12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d -2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e -4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share EVFM OTCQB

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

License
and Supply Agreement

On
March 20, 2025, Evofem Biosciences, Inc. (the Company) entered into a License and Supply Agreement (the Agreement)
with Windtree Therapeutics, Inc., (Windtree), wherein Windtree agreed to become a manufacturer and supplier of PHEXXI (lactic
acid, citric acid and potassium bitartrate). 

Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K contains only a brief description of the material terms of the Agreement and does not purport
to be a complete description of such. Such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement,
which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Fifth
Amendment to the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement

As
previously disclosed on July 18, 2024 in that Current on Form 8-K the Company filed by with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
on July 12, 2024 the Company, Aditxt, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (Aditxt) and Adifem, Inc., a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of Aditxt (the Merger Sub), entered into the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger
(as amended August 20, 2024, September 6, 2024, October 2, 2024 and November 19, 2024, the A&R Merger Agreement), whereby
the Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company with the Company being the surviving company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Aditxt
(the Merger)

On
March 22, 2025, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub entered into the fifth amendment to the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement (the
Fifth Amendment) to:

Amend
Section 8.1(b)(ii) to change the required consummation date to September 30, 2025;

Amend
Section 8.1(f) to include a Fifth Parent Investment of $1,500,000 through either the issuance
of additional shares of F-1 Preferred Stock, or senior subordinated notes, on or before
April 7, 2025 and to provide the Company with the ability to terminate the Merger if not
received on such date; and

Amend
Section 6.6 to require the Company to use commercially reasonable efforts to hold a shareholder
meeting to approve the terms of the Merger and A&R Merger Agreement on or prior to September
26, 2025.

Item
1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K contains only a brief description of the material terms of the Fifth Amendment and does not
purport to be a complete description Fifth Amendment. Such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the Fifth Amendment which is attached as Exhibit 2.1, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Important
Information About the Merger and Where to Find It

In
connection with the proposed Merger, the Company intends to file a proxy statement. The preliminary and definitive proxy statements and
other relevant documents will be sent or given to the stockholders of the Company as of the record date established for voting on the
proposed Merger and will contain important information about the proposed Merger and related matters. Before making any voting decision,
investors and security holders of the Company are urged to read, when available, the preliminary proxy statement and any amendments thereto
and, once available, the definitive proxy statement in connection with the Companys solicitation of proxies for the meeting of
stockholders to be held to approve, among other things, the proposed Merger because these documents will contain important information
about the Company, Aditxt and the proposed Merger. When available, the definitive proxy statement will be mailed to the Companys
stockholders as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed Merger. Aditxt stockholders will also be able to obtain
copies of the proxy statement, without charge, once available, at the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

Participants
in the Solicitation

The
Company and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the
Companys stockholders in connection with the proposed Merger. The Companys stockholders and other interested persons may
obtain, without charge, more detailed information regarding the directors and executive officers of the Company in the Companys
public filings. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to
the Companys stockholders in connection with the proposed Merger will be set forth in the proxy statement for the proposed Merger
when available. Additional information regarding the interests of participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the
proposed Merger will be included in the proxy statement that the Company intends to file with the SEC, as described in the Important
Information About the Merger and Where to Find It section of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

No
Offer or Solicitation

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or
in respect of the proposed Merger. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall also not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in any state
or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of such other jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of
Section 10 of the Securities Act, or an exemption therefrom.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

2.1* Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement, dated March 22, 2025.

10.1* License and Supply Agreement dated March 20, 2025

99.1 Press Release dated March 26, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

*
Furnished herewith.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EVOFEM
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Dated:
March 26, 2025 By: /s/
Saundra Pelletier

Saundra
Pelletier

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

THIS
FIFTH AMENDMENT dated as of March 22, 2025 (this Amendment), to that certain Amended and Restated Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of July 12, 2024 (as amended hereby, the Restated Merger Agreement), which amended and
restated in its entirety that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 11, 2023, is entered into by and among Aditxt, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (Parent), Adifem, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub) and Evofem
Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company, and, together with Parent and Merger Sub, the Parties
and each, a Party), as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Restated Merger Agreement by and among the
Parties dated as of August 16, 2024, that certain Second Amendment to the Restated Merger Agreement by and among the Parties dated as
of September 6, 2024, that certain Third Amendment to the Restated Merger Agreement by and among the Parties dated as of October 2, 2024,
and that certain Fourth Amendment dated as of November 19, 2024 (the Restated Merger Agreement, as amended thereby and by this Amendment,
the Merger Agreement). All defined terms used herein that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS,
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company mutually desire to amend the Merger Agreement as provided below.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in further consideration of the promises contained herein and the mutual obligations of the Parties, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby expressly acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Article
1. Amendment.

Section
1.1. Change to Section 8.1(b)(ii) of the Merger Agreement. Section 8.1(b)(ii) of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended by
changing the date January 31, 2025 to September 30, 2025.

Section
1.2. Change to Section 8.1(f) of the Merger Agreement. Section 8.1(f) of the Merger Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following:

(f)
by the Company if any of: (i) the Initial Parent Equity Investment has not been made by the Initial Parent Equity Investment Date, (ii)
the Second Parent Equity Investment has not been made by the Second Parent Equity Investment Date, (iii) the Third Parent Equity Investment
has not been made by the Third Parent Equity Investment Date, (iv) the Fourth Parent Equity Investment has not been made by the Fourth
Parent Equity Investment Date, or (v) the Parent Fifth Investment has not been made by the Parent Fifth Investment Date.

Section
1.3. Changes to Section 6.6 of the Merger Agreement. Section 6.6 of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety

Section
6.6 Shareholders Meeting. The Company shall take all action necessary in accordance with applicable Laws and the Organizational
Documents of the Company to duly give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders for the purpose of obtaining the Company
Shareholder Approval, to be held as promptly as reasonably practicable following the clearance of the Proxy Statement by the SEC, and
the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to hold such meeting on or prior to September 26, 2025. The Company shall, through
the Company Board, include in the Proxy Statement the Company Board Recommendation for the approval of the Merger and the other Transactions
at the Company Shareholders Meeting and the Company shall solicit from the Company Shareholders proxies in favor of the approval of the
Merger and the other Transactions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company (i) shall be required
to adjourn the Company Shareholders Meeting to the extent necessary to ensure that any required supplement or amendment to the Proxy
Statement is provided to the Company Shareholders and (ii) may adjourn the Company Shareholders Meeting if, as of the time for which
the Company Shareholders Meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient shares of Company Common Stock represented (either in person or
by proxy) to constitute a quorum or to obtain the Company Shareholder Approval; provided, however, that unless
otherwise agreed to by the parties, the Company Shareholders Meeting shall not be adjourned to a date that is more than 30 days after
the date for which the meeting was previously scheduled; and provided, further, that the Company Shareholders Meeting shall
not be adjourned to a date on or after two Business Days prior to the End Date.

-1-

Section
1.4. Changes to Section 6.10 of the Merger Agreement. Section 6.10 of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety as follows:

Section
6.10 Parent Equity Investment. On or prior to (a) the date of this Agreement, July 12, 2024 (the
Initial Parent Equity Investment Date), Parent shall purchase 500 shares of the Companys Series F-1
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (F-1 Preferred Stock) for an aggregate purchase price of $500,000
(the Initial Parent Equity Investment), (b) August 9, 2024 (the Second Parent Equity Investment
Date), Parent shall purchase an additional 500 shares of the F-1 Preferred Stock for an additional aggregate purchase
price of $500,000 (the Second Parent Equity Investment), (c) the earlier of August 30, 2024 or five (5)
business days of the closing of a public offering by Parent resulting in aggregate net proceeds to Parent of no less than
$20,000,000, (such earlier date the Third Parent Equity Investment Date), Parent shall purchase an additional
2,000 shares of F-1 Preferred Stock for an additional aggregate purchase price of $2,000,000 (the Third Parent Equity
Investment), (d) September 30, 2024, (the Fourth Parent Equity Investment Date), Parent shall
purchase an additional 1,000 shares of the F-1 Preferred Stock for an additional aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000 (the
Fourth Parent Equity Investment), and (e) April 7, 2025, (the Fifth Parent Investment
Date), Parent invest an additional $1,500,000 to the Company in exchange for additional
shares of Series F-1 Preferred Stock and/or, at the option of the Parent, senior subordinated notes of the Company (the Parent
Fifth Investment).The foregoing numbers of shares of F-1 Preferred Stock and/or any shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of any senior subordinated notes shall be equitably adjusted for
any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or other distribution of securities convertible into
F-1 Preferred Stock), subdivision, reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or other like
change with respect to the number of shares of F-1 Preferred Stock outstanding after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time
or any change to the Stated Value thereof as set forth in that certain Amended and Restated Certificate of
Designations of Series F-1 Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company.

Article
2. Miscellaneous.

Section
2.1 Severability. Any provision of this Amendment held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable
shall not impair or invalidate the remainder of this Amendment and the effect thereof shall be confined to the provision so held to be
invalid or unenforceable.

Section
2.2 Ratifications. The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms
and provisions set forth in the Merger Agreement and, except as expressly modified and superseded by this Amendment, the terms and provisions
of the Merger Agreement are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect. The Parties agree that the Merger Agreement
shall continue to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms.

Section
2.3 Entire Agreement. This Amendment, the Merger Agreement and such other agreements, documents and instruments referred to
in Section 9.6(b) of the Merger Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and thereof, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject
matter.

Section
2.4 Miscellaneous. The terms and provisions of Article IX of the Merger Agreement (other than Section 9.6(b), which Section
2.3 of this Amendment above replaces for purposes of this Amendment) are incorporated herein by reference as if set forth herein and
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Amendment.

-2-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the date first set forth above.

Aditxt,
Inc.

By: /s/
Amro Albanna 

Name: Amro
Albanna

Title: CEO

Adifem,
Inc.

By: /s/
Amro Albanna 

Name: Amro
Albanna

Title: CEO

Evofem
Biosciences, Inc.

By: /s/
Saundra Pelletier

Name: Saundra
Pelletier

Title: CEO

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

License
and Supply Agreement

This
License and Supply Agreement (Agreement), dated and effective as of March 20, 2025 (the Effective Date),
is by and between Evofem Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business at 12636 High Bluff Drive,
Suite 400, San Diego, CA 92130 (Buyer) and Windtree Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having its principal
place of business at 2600 Kelly Road, Suite 100, Warrington, PA 18976 (Supplier) (collectively, the Parties,
or each, individually, a Party).

WHEREAS,
Buyer desires to engage Supplier to provide a supply of the Products (as defined hereinafter) exclusively to Buyer in accordance with
the terms hereof and Supplier is willing to provide the Products on the terms of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:

1.1
Affiliate means, as to either Party, any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, joint stock company, limited
liability company, trust, estate, association or other entity the existence of which is recognized by any governmental authority (collectively
an Entity) that, directly or indirectly, controls, is under common control with, or is controlled by, that Party.
For purposes of this definition, control (including, with its correlative meanings, the terms controlled by
and under common control with), as used with respect to any Entity, shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, or the
power to direct the management and policies of an Entity through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Such control
shall be presumed where an Entity owns, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting securities of another Entity.

1.2
Agreement shall mean this Supply Agreement and all exhibits hereto as the same may be amended, supplemented, or
otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to the terms set forth herein.

1.3
Background Intellectual Property Rights means a Partys Intellectual Property Rights existing as of the Effective
Date of this Agreement or created or developed by a Party outside the subject matter of this Agreement and without use of the other Partys
Confidential Information, including all additions, modifications, enhancements, or refinements of the foregoing.

1.4
Business Day shall mean a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks located in New York, New York
are authorized or obligated to be closed.

1.5
Buyers Intellectual Property means all Intellectual Property Rights owned by or licensed to Buyer, including
Buyers Background Intellectual Property Rights, Foreground Intellectual Property Rights, Improvements, Specifications, trade secrets,
Trademarks and Confidential Information.

1

1.6
Claim or Proceeding shall mean any claim, action, suit, proceeding or arbitration, including
any Governmental Authority action, notification, investigation or audit.

1.7
Facility shall mean the manufacturing facility where the Products are manufactured.

1.8
FDA shall mean the United States Food and Drug Administration or any successor agency.

1.9
Foreground Intellectual Property Rights means Intellectual Property Rights that are developed by the Parties under
this Agreement with respect to, or for incorporation into, a Product, whether developed solely by Buyer, solely by Supplier, or by Buyer
and Supplier acting jointly.

1.10
Good Manufacturing Practice or GMP shall mean current good manufacturing practice and standards
as provided for (and as amended from time to time) in the Current Good Manufacturing Practice Regulations of the U.S. Code
of Federal Regulations Title 21 (21 C.F.R. 820), the European Communitys Medical Device Directive, 93/42/EEC, and/or any
other applicable laws, rules, regulations or guidance documents now or subsequently established by a governmental or regulatory authority
in the country(ies) in which the Products are manufactured and supplied, and any additions, or clarifications thereto, as well as compliance
with ISO 13485:2016 and Quality System Regulations 21 CFR Part 820.

1.11
Governmental Authority shall mean any duly authorized court, tribunal, arbitrator, agency, commission, official
or other instrumentality of any federal, state, province, county, city or other political subdivision, domestic or foreign.

1.12
Intellectual Property Rights means all industrial and other intellectual property rights comprising or relating
to: (a) patents, patent applications, and other patent rights; (b) Trademarks; (c) works of authorship, expressions, designs and design
registrations, whether or not copyrightable, including copyrights and copyrightable works, software and firmware, application programming
interfaces, architecture, files, records, schematics, data, data files, and databases and other specifications and documentation; (d)
trade secrets; and (e) all industrial and other intellectual property rights, and all rights, interests and protections that are associated
with, equivalent or similar to, or required for the exercise of, any of the foregoing, however arising, in each case whether registered
or unregistered and including all registrations and applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights or forms of protection
pursuant to the Law of any jurisdiction throughout in any part of the world.

1.13
Law or Laws shall mean any law, statute, rule, regulation, guideline, ordinance or other pronouncements
of any Governmental Authority having the effect of law in the United States, any foreign country or territory, or any domestic or foreign
state, province, county, city or other political subdivision.

2

1.14
Losses shall mean all damages, fines, fees, settlements, payments, obligations, penalties, deficiencies, losses,
costs, and expenses (including interest, court costs, reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and other experts, and other reasonable
expenses of litigation or other proceedings or of any claim, default, or assessment).

1.15
Party or Parties means Buyer and/or Supplier, as applicable.

1.16
Product shall a box with twelve applicators of Phexxi per box.

1.17
QSR shall mean all Law relating to quality system regulations for medical devices as promulgated by the FDA (as
set forth in 21 CFR 820).

1.18
Recall shall mean a recall, correction or market withdrawal and shall
include any post-sale warning or mailing of information (per 21 CFR 806).

1.19
Specifications shall mean the list of tests, references to any analytical procedures and appropriate acceptance
criteria which are numerical limits, ranges or other criteria for tests described in order to establish a set of criteria to which Product
at any stage of manufacture should conform to be considered acceptable for its intended use that are provided by or approved by Buyer,
as such specifications are amended or supplemented from time to time by Buyer in writing, and any information provided in Exhibit A.

1.20
Suppliers Intellectual Property means all Intellectual Property Rights owned by or licensed to Supplier,
including any of Suppliers Background Intellectual Property Rights used in the design, production, and manufacturing of the Products.

1.21
Trademarks means all rights in and to US and foreign trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, brand
names, logos, symbols, trade dress, corporate names and domain names and other similar designations of source, sponsorship, association
or origin, together with the goodwill symbolized by any of the foregoing, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including
all registrations and applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection
in any part of the world.

2.
PRODUCT ORDERS; FORECASTS; DELIVERY TERMS; ACCEPTANCE; NON-CONFORMING PRODUCTS

2.1
Purchase and Sale of Products; Exclusivity. Supplier shall be Buyers sole and exclusive manufacturer and supplier of the
Products during the Term, including any direct manufacturing by Buyer, excluding product requirements of Buyers licensee for Buyers
current customer that requires US-produced product. Supplier shall manufacture and supply the Products exclusively for Buyer in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement and the Quality Agreement which is incorporated herein by reference and made an integral part of this
Agreement. Supplier shall not, either itself or through any Affiliate or third Party, manufacture, distribute, sell, offer for sale,
market or promote the Products except to Buyer as provided in this Agreement. Suppliers manufacturing and supply obligations hereunder
will commence the later of the termination of Buyers exclusivity obligations with its current supplier or within ninety (90) days
of Suppliers notification to Buyer that it has established manufacturing capabilities for the Products (Commencement
Notice).

3

2.2
Purchase Orders; Forecasts; Supply of Product

(a)
Purchase Orders. Upon receiving the Commencement Notice, all purchases, sales and deliveries of the Products by Buyer shall be
initiated by the issuance of purchase orders which shall be placed with Supplier in written or electronic form (Purchase Orders).
All Purchase Orders must conform to the terms of this Agreement, including the pricing, lead times, delivery location and delivery terms
for the Products. Buyer shall only be obligated to purchase from Supplier, and Supplier shall only be obligated to sell to Buyer, the
quantities of Products set forth in an accepted Purchase Order. Purchase Orders shall be accepted or rejected by Supplier in accordance
with Section 2.2(d). Each of Buyer and Supplier may employ standard forms to issue and acknowledge Purchase Orders, but nothing in Buyers
Purchase Orders or Suppliers order acknowledgments shall be construed to modify, amend or supplement the terms of this Agreement
and, in the case of any conflict this Agreement shall supersede and control over any terms in such standard forms.

(b)
Forecasts. Within thirty (30) days of receiving the Commencement Notification, Buyer will provide to Supplier a non-binding forecast
consisting of a minimum of eighteen (18) months of planned orders. The forecasts delivered to Supplier pursuant to the preceding sentence
shall represent Buyers reasonable estimate of the quantity of Products that Buyer will require during the 18-month period to which
such forecast applies. Such forecasts are for the convenience of Supplier only and shall not constitute firm purchase or shipping orders,
and shall not be binding upon or create any obligation or liability upon Buyer or Supplier. Buyer will supply updated rolling 18-month
forecasts quarterly during the Term. Buyer may modify any such forecast at any time in its sole discretion upon written notice to Supplier.
If Buyer does not provide an updated Forecast during any calendar quarter, then Supplier shall use the most recent forecast provided
by Buyer as the then- applicable forecast for its planning purposes.

(c)
Binding Forecast Period. The forecasts will be binding as of six months prior to the scheduled manufacturing date. Buyer will
provide Supplier with Purchase Orders for three (3) months at a time.

(d)
Acceptance of Purchase Orders; Buyer Cancellation. Provided the Buyer Purchase Orders conform to the terms of this Agreement (including
the forecasts delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(a), Supplier shall accept and fulfill the Purchase Orders in accordance with this Agreement.
If Buyer issues as Purchase Order that does not conform to the requirements of this Section 2.2(a), Supplier shall have the right to
accept or reject the Purchase Order in its discretion. Supplier shall indicate its acceptance or rejection of the Purchase Order within
five (5) Business Days after its receipt of the Purchase Order through a written acceptance or by commencing performance. Upon acceptance
of the Purchase Order, Supplier will schedule a manufacturing date. Buyer may cancel the Purchase Order for its convenience at any time
prior to six (6) months before the scheduled manufacturing date, without penalty. If Buyer cancels a Purchase Order with less than ix
(6) months notice before the scheduled manufacturing date, Supplier shall finish any work-in-process, and Buyer shall be required
to purchase any pay for all such finished Products from Supplier, as well as any materials or ingredients which Supplier is unable to
utilize in other products.

4

(e)
Delivery, Packaging and Shipment. Supplier shall pack, ship, and deliver the Products to Buyer in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, the Purchase Orders and the Specifications. Supplier will not make any substitutions of the Products without Buyers
prior written approval. Supplier shall provide a numbered packing slip for all Products that contains the Purchase Order number, a description
of the Product(s) shipped, and the quantity of Product(s) shipped. Unless otherwise indicated on the applicable Purchase Order, all Products
shall be delivered DDP (Buyers facility) (as defined in Incoterms 2020) to the delivery location designated in the Purchase
Order (the Delivery Location). Risk of loss and title shall pass to Buyer upon delivery of the Products to the Delivery
Location. The standard shipping method shall be ocean freight. Air shipments may be requested by Buyer, at Buyers expense, prior
to finalizing shipping arrangements.

2.3
Consultation; Late Deliveries. Supplier will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver Products on the delivery date identified
in the Purchase Order (Delivery Date), provided the Delivery Date may not be any earlier than the lead time as mutually
agreed upon by the Parties. Supplier shall promptly advise Buyer of any production delays. Supplier shall conduct a root cause analysis
of issues resulting in performance less than 100% on-time (measured to both request and promise date) and suggest a corrective action
plan indicating activity, owner, and due date.

2.4
Safety Stock; Supply Chain Disruptions. Supplier shall use commercially reasonable efforts to purchase and maintain an inventory
of any required materials to manufacture the Products and to reserve manufacturing capacity based on Buyers rolling forecasts.
In the event of a supply chain disruption (whether internal or external) (Supply Chain Disruption), Supplier will
use commercially reasonable efforts to allocate production capacity to Buyer at least to the same degree as prior to such disruption.
Supplier shall notify Buyer within three (3) Business Day of any potential Supply Chain Disruption and will provide Buyer with a written
action plan within ten (10) Business Days. Supplier will work with Buyer to mitigate issues to the greatest extent possible, including
using alternate means to provide the Products at the agreed upon Price, lead time and quality levels.

2.5
Inspection Period; Non-Conforming Products.

(a)
All Products are subject to Buyers right of inspection and approval. Buyer shall have a period of thirty (30) days from the date
of the delivery of the Products (the Inspection Period) to either (i) accept the Products; or (ii) notify Supplier
in writing that Supplier has delivered Non-Conforming Products (as defined in Section 2.4(b)), notwithstanding any earlier receipt or
payment for such Products. Buyer shall notify Supplier promptly in writing of any claim relating to quantitative defects in the shipments
of the Products. Supplier shall, at its own expense, provide Buyer with any missing quantities of such Products promptly after receipt
of such a notice from Buyer. Buyer shall only be obligated to pay for actual quantities of Products delivered and shall pay for any missing
quantities subsequently delivered by Supplier to Buyer within thirty (30) days of the date of receipt of the missing quantities. Buyer
may retain quantities of Products in excess of the ordered amount and pay for them at the unit price or reject and return such Products
at Suppliers expense, including transportation charges both ways.

5

(b)
During the Inspection Period, Buyer may conduct such quality assurance testing procedures as Buyer may deem necessary or appropriate
to inspect and to reject any of such Products which are (i) not in compliance with the Specifications, (ii) not in compliance with the
warranties set forth in Section 6.2, (iii) not in compliance with the terms of the Quality Agreement, or (iv) not in compliance with
this Agreement or applicable Law (collectively Nonconforming Product). Buyer shall have the right to refuse acceptance
of any such Nonconforming Products.

(c)
If Buyer rejects any Nonconforming Products pursuant to this Section 2.4, Supplier shall, in its discretion, and as Buyers sole
and exclusive remedy for Nonconforming Product: (i) require Supplier to replace Nonconforming Products (with transport and insurance
prepaid by Supplier), (ii) refund the Purchase Price for the Nonconforming Products, or (iii) purchase Products from another source if
possible. All returns of Nonconforming Product to Supplier are at Suppliers sole risk and expense. Product that is not rejected
within the Inspection Period will be deemed to have been accepted by Buyer; provided, however, that Buyers acceptance of any Product
will not be deemed to be a waiver or limitation of Suppliers warranty or indemnification obligations pursuant to this Agreement
(or any breach thereof).

2.6
Change Control. Supplier shall notify Buyer in writing as soon as reasonably practicable prior to any changes to equipment, manufacturing
and quality assurance procedures, or methods and techniques used to produce a Product. Supplier and Buyer will mutually work to determine
the impact of the change, if any, and to develop and complete effective validation and risk analysis plans. Supplier shall not make any
changes to the Product or Specifications without the prior written authorization of Buyer. Supplier shall bear the engineering costs
to implement any such Supplier-initiated changes.

2.7
Subcontracting. Supplier may subcontract, with any third party including any Affiliate of Supplier, to perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Buyer. Supplier will be solely responsible for the performance of any such
subcontractor as if such performance had been provided by Supplier itself under this Agreement. Supplier will cause any such subcontractor
to be bound by, and to comply with, the terms of this Agreement, as applicable, including all confidentiality, quality assurance, regulatory
and other obligations and requirements of Supplier set forth in this Agreement.

6

3.
Price; Payment; Taxes

3.1
Purchase Price. Subject to the terms of this Section 3, Buyer shall purchase the Products from Supplier at the price of $15 per
twelve-count box (the Price) during the first three (3) years of the Term. The Price is subject to change in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement and is the sole compensation payable to Supplier for the manufacture and supply of the Products to Buyer.
Unless otherwise set forth in the Purchase Order, the Price includes Suppliers costs for packaging, crating, boxing, transporting,
loading and unloading, customs, tariffs and duties, insurance and any other similar financial contribution or obligation relating to
the production, manufacture, sale and delivery of the Products. Unless otherwise agreed-upon by the Parties, the Price is exclusive of
applicable Taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Supplier reserves the right to increase the Price in the event that the cost of raw
materials or packaging, or applicable tariffs, customs, or duties, increases to reflect Suppliers actual increase in costs.

3.2
Invoices; Payment Terms. Supplier shall submit invoices to Buyer promptly following shipment of the Products to Buyer. All
undisputed amounts hereunder shall be payable by Buyer, in U.S. Funds, within thirty (30) days of the date of Buyers receipt of
the applicable invoice, without any right to setoff or withholding. Any payment by Buyer for Products will not be deemed acceptance
of the Products or waive Buyers right of inspection. Each invoice shall contain the Purchase Order number, part number and description
of the Product(s) shipped, quantity of the Product(s) shipped, date that the Product(s) shipped, Suppliers packing slip number,
applicable Taxes, bill of lading number, country of origin, and any other information necessary for identification and control of the
Products.

3.3
Taxes. The Prices do not include use, consumption, value-added (VAT), sales or excise taxes of any taxing authority (collectively
Taxes).

4.
Manufacturing Standards

4.1
Manufacturing Standards.

(a)
Supplier shall manufacture, package and supply the Products in accordance with GMP, the Specifications, the Quality Agreement, the applicable
Purchase Order, the terms of this Agreement, applicable Law, and any trademark usage and other requirements as may be specified by Buyer
in writing. Supplier shall not use any raw materials, ingredients and/or packaging materials that do not comply with the Specifications
and applicable Law. Supplier shall be responsible for pursuing all resolutions with the applicable supplier of non-complying raw materials,
ingredients and/or packaging materials. Supplier shall notify Buyer, in writing, of any proposed change(s) to materials, Product, Specifications,
manufacturing processes, manufacturing equipment, manufacturing location, or quality system certification, and shall not implement any
such proposed change(s) without Buyers prior written consent.

(b)
Supplier agrees that it will manufacture the Products solely at its manufacturing facility located at the Facility. Supplier represents
and warrants that it has and shall continue to maintain a Quality System in conformance with GMP. Supplier shall notify Buyer of any
changes in its regulatory compliance status.

7

(c)
Supplier shall be responsible for supplying sufficient quantities of all ingredients, raw materials, and packaging materials required
for each Purchase Order. Buyer shall be responsible for supplying labels for each Product, in a quantity sufficient to meet Buyers
binding forecasts.

(d)
Supplier will maintain a Materials Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) for chemicals that must be handled or manufactured as
anticipated by this Agreement. Supplier will maintain an MSDS for the manufactured Product that Supplier ships to Buyer.

(e)
Supplier will devote sufficient resources to address any design, manufacturing or quality issues relating to the Products that are from
time to time identified by Supplier or Buyer. Supplier and Buyer shall be entitled to conduct regulatory audits of each other to verify
the others compliance with its regulatory obligations hereunder. Supplier agrees to meet reasonable requirements as a supplier
to Buyer and be subject to quality audits upon reasonable notice.

4.2
Materials Storage Requirements. Supplier shall store all ingredients, raw materials and packaging materials and Products in accordance
with instructions provided by Buyer. Storage and handling of the foregoing shall be in accordance with the provisions of all applicable
Law, the Specifications and the Additional Specifications.

4.3
Legal and Regulatory Approvals, Filings and Requests. Supplier will be responsible for obtaining, at its expense, any Facility
or other licenses or permits, and any regulatory and government approvals necessary for the performance by Supplier under this Agreement,
including without limitation with respect to (i) the manufacturing and packaging of the Products, (ii) the sale of the Products to Buyer.
At Buyers request, Supplier will provide Buyer with copies of all such approvals and submissions to government authorities, and
Buyer will have the right to use any and all information contained in such approvals or submissions in connection with regulatory approval
and/or commercial development of Products. Supplier shall not transfer, assign, encumber or otherwise convey any such licenses, consents
or permits to any third party without Buyers prior written approval. Supplier will be responsible for providing Buyer with all
supporting data and information relating to the production of Product necessary for obtaining such approvals, including all (i) Records,
(ii) Batch Documentation, and (iii) authorizations, certificates, methodologies, raw material specifications, SOPs, standard test methods,
and other documentation (collectively, Supporting Documentation) in the possession or under the control of Supplier
relating to the supply of Product (or any intermediate or component of Product) hereunder.

4.4
Inspections. Buyer shall have the right to conduct inspections or reviews of Suppliers quality system, operations, suppliers
and any associated records for confirming compliance with QSRs, the manufacture of the Products in conformance with GMP, the Specifications
and the Additional Specifications, to assist in the analysis of any complaint reviews and/or reviewing the results of any inspections
of Suppliers facility by any Governmental Authorities.

8

4.5
Maintenance and Retention of Records. Supplier shall maintain complete and accurate records, including without limitation all
quality records and batch records, for a minimum duration specified in the Quality Agreement and applicable Law with respect to packaging
and Products materials usage and finished Products production, which records shall include production code dates and shipping information
relating to the Products, so that Products can be easily traced in case of a Recall or rejection of Products or materials (Records).
All Records shall be stored appropriately to ensure no loss or damage of information or data. All such Records shall be the property
of Buyer. Supplier will contact Buyer prior to disposing of Records and Buyer will have the opportunity to take possession of such documents
prior to disposal.

4.6
Quality Agreement. In addition to the terms contained herein, the Parties agree to be bound by the terms relating to the regulatory
and quality assurance agreements to be entered into between the Parties promptly after execution of this Agreement (the Quality
Agreement). If there is any conflict, discrepancy, or inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any Purchase Order,
Quality Agreement, or other document or form used by the parties, the terms of this Agreement will control, except with respect to quality,
in which case the more stringent quality provisions will control.

5.
Complaints: Adverse Events Reporting and Recalls

5.1
Complaints. The Parties will cooperate fully with each other in connection with complaints, adverse events, medical device reporting,
vigilance reporting and recalls related to the Products. Without limiting the foregoing, Supplier shall promptly furnish to Buyer all
information reasonably requested by Buyer with respect to Product-related complaints. The Parties shall reasonably cooperate in attempting
to appropriately resolve such complaints. However, Buyer, at its own expense, shall be responsible for reporting to the appropriate Governmental
Authority, if necessary, any adverse event with respect to Product. Buyer shall also be solely responsible for interfacing with its customers
regarding all complaints and inquiries relating to the Products.

5.2
Recall and Corrective Action Procedures.

(a)
Buyer shall have the right to initiate a Recall or corrective action relating to the Products and shall provide prompt written notice
thereof to Supplier. In the event Buyer initiates a Recall, the Parties shall promptly engage in good faith discussions relating thereto
and shall endeavor to reach an agreement regarding any Recall, including the text and timing of any publicity to be given such matters,
and Buyer will provide Supplier with all reasonable assistance in implementing the Recall plan submitted to the FDA, provided such assistance
does not, in Buyers opinion, violate or cause it to violate the Law of any jurisdiction affected by such Recall or general corrective
action. Supplier agrees to reimburse, indemnify, and hold Buyer harmless from all costs and damages arising from any such Recall or general
corrective action, including its costs for retrieving and replacing the Products if such Recall is a result of the breach of any of Suppliers
warranties or requirements of the Quality Agreement with respect to the manufacture of the Products as set forth herein. Where applicable,
Supplier shall pay all reasonable expenses associated with determining whether a Recall is necessary.

9

(b)
In the event of a Recall of any Products, Supplier shall correct all appropriate deficiencies, if any, relating to its manufacturing,
packaging, testing, labeling, storing or handling of such Products, as applicable, that necessitated such Recall and shall at Buyers
option and Suppliers cost, either replace each unit of the Products recalled (including units held in inventory by Buyer or its
customers) with corrected Products within a reasonable period of time, or refund the purchase price therefor.

(c)
If the FDA or any other Governmental Authority seizes any Products and/or its materials, requests a Recall of any Products, or otherwise
notifies either Party hereto of any material violation or potential violation of any applicable Law with respect to the manufacture of
the Products hereunder, such Party shall immediately notify the other Party.

6.
Representations and Warranties

6.1
Buyer Representations and Warranties. Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Supplier as follows:

(a)
Buyer has full corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to grant the licenses herein, and the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary and proper corporate action of Buyer.

(b)
Buyer is in material compliance with all applicable Laws and holds all material licenses, permits and similar governmental authorizations
necessary or required in connection with the marketing and sale of the Products (other than those for which Supplier will hold pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement).

(c)
Buyer will comply with all Laws applicable to the promotion, pricing, marketing, distribution and sales of the Products, including without
limitation, all applicable requirements of the FDA.

6.2
Supplier Representations and Warranties. Supplier hereby represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:

(a)
Supplier is duly organized, validly existing, in good standing in the jurisdiction of its organization or formation, and qualified to
do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which such qualification is required for purposes of this Agreement.

(b)
There are no actions, suits, claims or proceedings (pending or threatened) against, by, or affecting Supplier in any court or before
any arbitrator or governmental agency or authority that may have an adverse effect on Buyers assets, its financial condition,
the operation of its business or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, including debarment under the laws on any
country.

10

(c)
Supplier has full corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and such execution, delivery and performance
have been duly authorized by all necessary and proper corporate action of Supplier.

(d)
The manufacturing, packaging and storage operations utilized in the production of Products hereunder; the installation, operation and
maintenance (and repair or replacement, if any) of the equipment, tooling and molds utilized in connection herewith; and the procedures
and processes (including the installation, operation and performance qualifications) carried out by Supplier hereunder, have been conducted
and carried out, as of the date hereof, and shall continue during the Term of this Agreement to be conducted and carried out, in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable Laws, including without limitation GMP, QSR, and other health and safety laws.

(e)
Supplier is, and during the Term of this Agreement, Supplier shall continue to be, in material compliance with all applicable Laws;

(f)
Supplier holds, and during the Term of this Agreement shall continue to hold, all material licenses, permits, consents, and similar governmental
authorizations necessary or required for (i) Supplier to perform it obligations set forth herein; and (ii) Buyer to promote, market,
sell and distribute the Products.

(g)
The Products sold to Buyer will (i) be free from material defects in manufacturing, latent or otherwise; (ii) be conveyed with good title
and free and clear of all liens and encumbrances; and (iii) conform in all respects to the Specifications and quality standards and requirements
for the Products in this Agreement and in the Quality Agreement.

(h)
Supplier, its Affiliates, subcontractors, and each of their respective officers and directors, as applicable, and any person used by
Supplier, its Affiliates or approved subcontractors to perform Services under this Agreement: (i) have not been debarred and are not
subject to a pending debarment pursuant to Section 306 of the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. 335a; (ii)
are not ineligible to participate in any federal and/or state healthcare programs or federal procurement or non-procurement programs
(as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(f)); (iii) are not disqualified by any government or regulatory authorities from
performing specific services, and are not subject to a pending disqualification proceeding; and (iv) have not been convicted of a criminal
offense related to the provision of healthcare items or services and are not subject to any such pending action. Supplier will notify
Buyer immediately if Supplier, its Affiliates, or approved subcontractors, or any person used to perform Services under this Agreement,
or any of their respective officers or directors, as applicable, is subject to the foregoing, or if any action, suit, claim, investigation,
or proceeding relating to the foregoing is pending, or to the best of Suppliers knowledge, is threatened.

11

(i)
Disclaimer of Other Representations and Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS
OR EXTENDS ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
OR NON- INFRINGEMENT.

7.
Insurance.

7.1
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, Supplier shall, at its own expense, carry and maintain during the entire term of this Agreement,
including any subsequent extensions thereof, the following types of insurance coverage in amounts not less than those specified below
for each type:

(a)
Workers Compensation insurance in accordance with all applicable federal and state laws subject to statutory limits and Employers
Liability insurance in an amount of not less than $500,000 per accident for bodily injury and $500,000 per employee and policy limit
for disease.

(b)
Commercial General Liability Insurance covering claims for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including Premises and Operations,
Products and Completed Operations, Independent Contractors, Personal Injury, Blanket Contractual and Broadform Property Damage Liability,
with a combined single limit of $3,000,000 per occurrence and $5,000,000 in the aggregate. The Products and Completed Operations coverage
should continue in full effect for three (3) years following completion, expiration or termination of this Agreement.

(c)
Automobile Liability insurance, including coverage for owned, hired and non-owned vehicles, in an amount of not less than $1,000,000
combined single limit per accident.

(d)
Umbrella or Excess Liability insurance, in an amount of not less than $4,000,000 per occurrence and annual aggregate. Such insurance
shall include the Employers Liability, Commercial General Liability and Automobile Liability insurance policies required in (a)
through (c) above.

7.2
The insurance coverages required under this Agreement shall be provided by insurers with an A.M. Best rating of not less than A- / VIII.
Supplier shall have its insurance carrier, agent or broker furnish Buyer with certificates evidencing that all of the insurance coverages
required under this Agreement are in force, identifying any deductible and/or self- insured retention amounts, and stipulating that Buyer
shall be provided with thirty (30) days prior written notice of cancellation or material change in such insurance coverages while
this Agreement is in effect. The certificate of insurance shall name Buyer and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies as additional
insureds. Except where prohibited by law, Supplier will require its insurers to waive all rights of recovery or subrogation against Buyer,
its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and its and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents. Coverage
is to be written on an Occurrence form. If coverage is written on a Claims Made or Claims First Made
form, coverage must be maintained for a period of not less than two (2) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement and
the expiration of any applicable warranties. Any subcontractors utilized by Supplier in the manufacture of the Products shall maintain
the same types and amounts of insurance and be subject to the same requirements as Supplier in this Section 7. Supplier shall provide
Buyer with satisfactory proof of the insurance as required by this Section 7 at any time upon request.

12

8.
Intellectual Property; Trademarks

8.1
Ownership. Buyer owns and shall continue to own all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Products, including without limitation,
all rights in the Buyer Background Intellectual Property Rights, Specifications, Improvements, Foreground Intellectual Property Rights,
trade secrets, Buyer Trademarks and Confidential Information. Buyer hereby grants to Supplier a limited, nonexclusive, royalty-free right
to use Buyers Intellectual Property Rights solely as necessary to manufacture the Products exclusively for Buyer during the Term,
subject to the terms of this Agreement. Supplier shall not, at any time, use any of Buyers Intellectual Property to manufacture
or sell products that are similar to or competitive with the Products to any other Party.

8.2
Foreground Intellectual Property. Supplier acknowledges and agrees that any Foreground Intellectual Property Rights created in
connection with the Products will be owned exclusively by Buyer including any technical information in the nature of designs, specifications,
engineering data, or product know-how, which may be supplied by Supplier to assist in the performance of this Agreement. Supplier hereby
assigns, transfers and conveys to Buyer all of Suppliers right, title, and interest in and to any Foreground Intellectual Property
Rights in the Products, and, to the extent that any Foreground Intellectual Property Rights are copyrightable works or works of authorship
(including computer programs, technical specifications, documentation, and manuals), the Parties agree that such works are works
made for hire owned by Buyer under the US Copyright Act.

8.3
License of Suppliers Background Intellectual Property Rights. Supplier owns and shall continue to own any Background Intellectual
Property Rights that existed prior to the execution of this Agreement, or which were created by Supplier independently of this Agreement
during the Term. Supplier grants to Buyer an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license, with the right to
grant sublicenses, to use Suppliers Background Intellectual Property Rights to the extent necessary to produce, use, sell and
to obtain, from alternate sources, products and services similar to the Products (including related systems and components) following
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and in connection with Buyers rights hereunder to manufacture or purchase
Products from an alternative source at any time during the Term hereof.

13

8.4
Reproduction of and Right to Use Buyer Trademarks, Etc. In connection with Suppliers performance of this Agreement, Buyer
hereby grants Supplier the right to reproduce and print on the Products and/or Products packaging or labeling such Trademarks that Buyer
may designate from time to time, strictly in accordance with trademark usage Buyer and packaging guidelines set forth in the Specifications.
Samples of all such uses of Buyers Trademarks on the Products or Products packaging or labeling shall be submitted to Buyer for
its written approval prior to production and once approved by Buyer, Supplier may not make any changes or modifications without Buyers
written consent. The permission granted to Supplier herein is restricted to usage of such Trademarks in connection with the Products
supplied under this Agreement, and such permission extends only during the Term of this Agreement. All goodwill in the Buyer Trademarks
inures to the exclusive benefit of Buyer.

8.5
Buyer Assets.

(a)
Buyer shall furnish to Supplier property such as tooling, tools, equipment, dies, test and assembly fixtures, gauges, jigs, patterns,
casting patterns, cavities, molds, and documentation (including engineering specifications and test reports) which will be paid for and
owned by Buyer that are necessary for the manufacture of the Products, including the extractor to make the applicator utilized with the
Products (Buyer Assets). Supplier will use Buyer Assets exclusively for the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement. Except for repair and replacement costs arising during the Term due to normal wear for these assets, Supplier shall bear
all risk of loss of and damage to the Buyer Assets and shall maintain at Suppliers expense all Buyer Assets in accordance with
this Agreement and the Specifications. All Buyer Assets are and will at all times remain the property of Buyer and must be used exclusively
for the production of the Buyer Products.

(b)
While Buyer Assets are in Suppliers possession, Supplier shall: (i) store the Buyer Assets in a secure space free from potentially
damaging conditions, including but not limited to, water, extreme temperatures, wind or debris; (ii) prevent the commingling of Buyer
Assets with other material of Supplier or other customers of Supplier and segregate and identify Buyer Assets as property of Buyer; (iii)
except as provided herein assume risk of loss or damage including properly insuring the Buyer Assets at Suppliers expense; and
(iv) not permit any lien or encumbrance to be placed upon the Buyer Assets. Supplier will not duplicate Buyer Assets or use them for
any purpose other than the performance of this Agreement for Buyer. Supplier will provide useful life and status of Buyer Assets to Buyer
upon request.

(c)
Buyer has the right to the sole unencumbered unqualified possession of Buyer Assets at any time. Promptly upon Buyers request
or termination of this Agreement, Supplier will deliver the Buyer Assets to Buyer, FCA Suppliers facility in good working order.
Supplier grants Buyer an unconditional right of entry at any time to inspect and/or remove Buyer Assets without liability. Buyer shall
be entitled to seek temporary or permanent injunctive or other equitable relief to enforce any provision hereof without the necessity
of posting a bond or proof of action, injury or damage. If and to the extent that any law could confer or create any lien, right or remedy
in favor of Supplier, Supplier irrevocably waives and relinquishes, for itself and its successor and assigns, any such liens, rights
and remedies.

14

(d)
Buyer represents and warrants that the Buyer Assets are suitable and fit for their intended purposes of manufacturing the Products.

8.6
Prohibited Acts. Neither Party shall:

(a)
take any action that may interfere with the other Partys Intellectual Property Rights, including such other Partys ownership
or exercise thereof;

(b)
challenge any right, title or interest of the other Party in such other Partys Intellectual Property Rights;

(c)
make any claim or take any action adverse to such other Partys ownership of its Intellectual Property Rights;

(d)
register or apply for registrations, anywhere in the world, the other Partys Trademarks or any other Trademark that is similar
to such other Partys Trademarks or that incorporates such Trademarks in whole or in confusingly similar part;

(e)
use any mark, anywhere, that is confusingly similar to the other Partys Trademarks;

(f)
misappropriate any of the other Partys Trademarks for use as a domain name without such other Partys prior written consent;
or

(g)
alter, obscure or remove any of the other Partys Trademarks or trademark or copyright notices or any other proprietary rights
notices placed on the products purchased under this Agreement (including Products, marketing materials or other materials).

9.
Indemnification; Limitation of Liability

9.1
Suppliers Indemnification of Buyer. Supplier shall indemnify, defend and hold Buyer, its Affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents (each, a Buyer Indemnified Party) harmless from and against any and all
Losses suffered, incurred or sustained by any Buyer Indemnified Party, by reason of any Claim or Proceeding that is brought by a third
Party to the extent that it results from (a) any material breach of Suppliers representations, warranties or obligations under
this Agreement, or the nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement made by Supplier in this Agreement; (b) any
negligent act or omission or willful misconduct on the part of Supplier, its Affiliates or their respective employees or agents in the
performance of this Agreement or the manufacture of the Products; or (c) any failure by Supplier, its Affiliates or their respective
employees or agents to comply with applicable Law in respect of its performance of its obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
it is understood and agreed that Supplier shall not be liable for Losses to the extent such Losses are caused solely by (x) the negligence,
recklessness, willful misconduct or breach of any of the terms of this Agreement by Buyer or its Affiliates or agents, or (y) the improper
storage, handling or use of the Products by Buyer.

15

9.2
Suppliers Intellectual Property Indemnification. Supplier shall indemnify, defend and hold Buyer Indemnified Parties harmless
from and against any and all Losses suffered, incurred or sustained by any Buyer Indemnified Party, by reason of any Claim or Proceeding
that is brought by a third Party to the extent that it alleges that any of Suppliers Intellectual Property used in the manufacture
of the Products, or that is embodied in the Products, infringes any Intellectual Property Right of a third Party; provided, however,
that Supplier shall have no obligation under this Section 9.2 with respect to Claims to the extent arising out of any Specifications
supplied by Buyer or modifications or changes made to the Products by or on behalf of Buyer, if the infringement would have been avoided
without such modification or change.

9.3
Buyers Indemnification of Supplier. Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold Supplier, its Affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents (each, a Supplier Indemnified Party) harmless from and against any and all Losses
suffered, incurred or sustained by any Supplier Indemnified Party, by reason of any Claim or Proceeding brought by a third Party to the
extent it results from (i) any material breach of Buyers representations, warranties or obligations under this Agreement, or nonfulfillment
of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement made by Buyer in this Agreement, (ii) any negligent act or omission or willful misconduct
of Buyer or its employees or agents in the performance of this Agreement, or (iii) any claim related to the Products to the extent produced
in accordance with Buyers Specifications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that Buyer shall not be liable
for Losses to the extent such Losses are caused by the negligence, recklessness, willful misconduct or breach of any of the terms of
this Agreement by Supplier or its Affiliates or agents.

9.4
Indemnification Procedures.

(a)
In the event that any Claim or Proceeding is asserted or imposed against any Party hereto, and such Claim or Proceeding involves a matter
which is subject to a claim for indemnification under this Section 9, the indemnified Party or parties (the Indemnified Party)
shall give reasonably prompt written notice to the indemnifying Party (the Indemnifying Party) of any such claim
for indemnification, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any obligation hereunder
except to the extent it is actually prejudiced by the failure to give such notice.

(b)
If the Claim relates to any actual or threatened claim or suit by any third Party against the Indemnified Party, and if the Indemnifying
Party accepts its obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party, then the Indemnifying Party shall, at its own cost and expense, assume
the defense of such claim with counsel of its own choosing which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party; provided,
however, that the Indemnifying Party vigorously and diligently pursues such defense in good faith, the Indemnifying Party agrees to pay
the full amount of any judgment or settlement amount, and the Indemnifying Party keeps the Indemnified Party and its attorneys fully
informed as to the progress of the defense and any proposed settlement and the Indemnifying Party furnishes the Indemnified Party with
copies of all papers in connection therewith. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate, at its own cost and expense
and through counsel selected by it, in the defense of any such claim. The Indemnifying Party shall also have the right, in its discretion
exercised in good faith and upon the advice of counsel, to settle any such matter, either before or after the initiation of litigation,
with the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed if such settlement
does not materially adversely affect the business or affairs of the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that no such consent shall
be required to be obtained by the Indemnifying Party if: (a) there is no finding or admission or any violation of any judgment, ruling,
order, writ, award, decree, statute, law, ordinance, code, rule or regulation of any court or foreign, federal, state, county or local
government or any other governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or authority or any violation of the rights of any person by
the Indemnified Party and no effect on any other suit, action, claim, proceeding or investigation that may be made against the Indemnified
Party; (b) there is no reputational or goodwill damage to the Indemnified Partys brand or business, and (c) the sole relief provided
is monetary damages that are paid in full by the Indemnifying Party.

16

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the aforesaid conditions under which the Indemnifying Party may control the defense of the claim are
not met, if the Indemnifying Party fails to control the defense, or if the named parties to such claim (including any impleaded parties)
include both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel that there
is a conflict between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party that would make separate representations advisable, the Indemnified
Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to assume and control the defense of such claim at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party, and to settle the same, provided that no such settlement shall be made without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party,
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Regardless of the foregoing, the Indemnified Party shall keep the Indemnifying
Party and its attorneys fully informed as to the progress of the defense and any proposed settlement and the Indemnified Party furnishes
the Indemnifying Party with copies of all papers in connection therewith. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to participate,
at its own cost and expense and through counsel selected by it, in the defense of any such claim.

9.5
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE LAST SENTENCE OF THIS SECTION 9.5, (i) IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY, ITS
AFFILIATES OR ITS OR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
PUNITIVE OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR ANY BREACH
OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF (A) WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, (B) WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES AND (C) THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE
OF ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; AND (ii) IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPPLIERS LIABILITY EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID
BY BUYER FOR THE PRODUCT(S) GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM UNDER THE APPLICABLE PURCHASE ORDER IN THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING
RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO DAMAGES ARISING FROM A PARTYS GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT;
INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS; BREACHES OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF CONFIDENTIALITY; VIOLATIONS OF LAW; OR DAMAGES THAT MAY NOT BE LIMITED OR
EXCLUDED AS A MATTER OF LAW.

17

10.
Confidential Information.

10.1
Confidential Information. From time to time during the Term, a Party (the Disclosing Party) may disclose
or make available to the other party (the Receiving Party) or to any of the Receiving Partys affiliates
employees, officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders, agents, attorneys, accountants, advisors, or other representatives (collectively,
Representatives), certain non-public, confidential and proprietary information to the other Party (Confidential
Information). Buyers Confidential Information includes, without limitation, the terms of this Agreement and the Quality
Agreement, the Specifications, Buyer Intellectual Property Rights, any samples, drawings, materials, know how, designs, processes and
any other technical, business, strategic, operational, financial and other sensitive or proprietary information. All such information,
whether orally or in written, electronic or other form or media, and whether or not marked, designated or otherwise identified as confidential,
is collectively referred to as the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Confidential Information shall not include information that: (a) at the time of disclosure is, or thereafter
becomes, generally available to and known by the public, except as a result of, directly or indirectly, any breach of this Agreement,
or any act or omission, by the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives; (b) at the time of disclosure is, or thereafter becomes,
available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a third-party source, provided that such third party is not and was
not prohibited from disclosing such Confidential Information to the Receiving Party by any legal, fiduciary, or contractual obligation;
(c) prior to the time of disclosure, was known by or in the possession of the Receiving Party, as established by documentary evidence;
or (d) was independently developed by the Receiving Party, as established by documentary evidence, without access to or use of any of
the Suppliers Confidential Information.

10.2
Receiving Partys Obligations. The Receiving Party shall: (a) use the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information
only during the Term and only in connection with Receiving Partys performance of its duties and obligations hereunder; (b) hold
the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information in the strictest confidence; (c) protect and safeguard the confidentiality of the
Disclosing Partys Confidential Information, and prevent and protect the Confidential Information from any unauthorized use or
disclosure, in each case using the same standard of care that the Receiving Party uses to protect its own confidential information, but
in no event less than a reasonable standard of care; (d) not use the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information, or permit it
to be accessed or used, in any manner to the Disclosing Partys detriment, including without limitation, to reverse engineer, disassemble,
decompile, or design around the Disclosing Partys Products, services, equipment, processes, trade secrets and/or other confidential
Intellectual Property Rights (whether included in the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information or otherwise); (e) restrict the
use and disclosure of or access to any of the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information to the Receiving Partys Representatives
who: (i) need to know the Confidential Information to perform their duties on behalf of the Receiving Party in relation to this Agreement;
(ii) are informed in writing by the Receiving Party of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information; and (iii) are subject
to confidentiality duties or obligations to the Receiving Party that are no less restrictive than the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
(f) immediately notify the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information or other breaches of this
Agreement by the Receiving Party or its Representatives of which the Receiving Party has knowledge; and, (g) fully cooperate with the
Disclosing Party in any effort undertaken by the Disclosing Party to enforce its rights related to any unauthorized use or disclosure
of the Confidential Information.

18

10.3
Legally Compelled Disclosures. Notwithstanding Sections 10.1 and 10.2, in the event the Receiving Party is required by applicable
law, subpoena or court order to disclose any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall provide the
Disclosing Party with prompt written notice of same, so that the Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy
to avoid public or third-party disclosure of its Confidential Information. Until such time as the appropriate judicial or other authority
has ruled upon the Disclosing Partys protective order or other request for remedy, the Receiving Party shall refrain from disclosing
any of the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information in response to any such applicable law, subpoena or court order. The Receiving
Party shall cooperate with and assist the Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Partys expense, in seeking any protective order
or other relief requested or otherwise available under applicable law. If such protective order or other remedy is ultimately not obtained,
the Receiving Party shall furnish only so much of the Confidential Information that it is legally compelled to disclose, and any and
all such disclosures shall be made under seal or other appropriate assurances of confidentiality.

10.4
Cumulative Duties and Obligations. The Receiving Partys duties and obligations of confidentiality under this Agreement
are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any duties and obligations of confidentiality, non-disclosure or non-use owed by the
Receiving Party to the Disclosing Party under any applicable Law.

10.5
Ownership of Confidential Information. All of the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information (including any and
all right, title and interest therein and in and to any and all Intellectual Property Rights therein) is and shall remain the sole and
exclusive property of the Disclosing Party. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any disclosure
of the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information hereunder shall operate or be construed as an express or implied grant, transfer,
conveyance, assignment or license to the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives of any right, title or interest in and to the
Disclosing Partys Confidential Information.

10.6
Return of Disclosing Partys Confidential Information. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or upon the
request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party and its Representatives shall immediately cease any and all further use of the Disclosing
Partys Confidential Information, and shall, within ten (10) calendar days from such request, and, at the option of the Disclosing
Party, either return all copies of Confidential Information to the Disclosing Party (whether in written, electronic or other form or
media), and/or delete, destroy and expunge all such copies of Confidential Information (whether in written, electronic or other form
or media) from the Receiving Partys and its Representatives files, repositories and systems (physical, electronic or otherwise),
and provide the Disclosing Party with written certification of the method and date of completion of such destruction. The foregoing obligation
shall not apply to Confidential Information that resides only on archival or back-up takes, or that is required to be preserved for legal
or regulatory compliance purposes. Any Confidential Information which remains in the possession of the Receiving Party shall remain subject
to the terms of this Section 10 which shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

19

10.7
Breach. The Receiving Party acknowledges that money damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach or threatened breach
of this Agreement by the Receiving Party or its Representatives. Therefore, in addition to any other rights and remedies to which the
Disclosing Party may be entitled (which other rights and remedies the Disclosing Party hereby expressly reserves and does not waive by
the exercise of any rights hereunder), the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive and other equitable
relief as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach, and the Receiving Party hereby waives any requirement for the Disclosing
Party to secure or post any bond or to otherwise show actual monetary damages in connection with any such remedy sought under this Section
10.7. The Receiving Party shall be and remain liable for any breach of the terms or conditions of this Agreement by its Representatives.

11.
Term, Termination

11.1
Term. The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues for a period of three (3) years unless earlier
terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the Initial Term). Thereafter, this Agreement shall
be automatically renewed for successive two (2) year periods unless either Party provides 180 days notice of non-renewal or the
Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with the termination provisions herein (each a Renewal Term and together
with the Initial Term, the Term).

11.2
Buyers Right to Terminate for Cause. Buyer may terminate this Agreement immediately by providing writing notice to Supplier:

(a)
If Supplier breaches any material term of this Agreement and, if the breach is curable, Supplier fails to correct such breach within
ninety (90) days after receiving written notice of such breach from Buyer. By way of example, and not an exhaustive list, the following
events shall constitute a material breach: (i) if Supplier fails to perform or deliver Products as specified by Buyer; (ii) if Buyer
determines in its reasonable discretion that Products do not satisfy the Specifications and acceptable interoperability testing; (iii)
if Supplier does not make scheduled deliveries as specified in the Purchase Order; or (iv) if Supplier repudiates or breaches any of
the material terms hereof, including, but not limited to, Suppliers warranties. These examples shall not be deemed to limit in
any manner Buyers rights to claim material breach by Supplier under this Section 11.2(a).

20

(b)
If Supplier fails to meet its financial obligations as they become due, or if any proceeding under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws
is brought against Supplier, a receiver is appointed for Supplier or Supplier makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors.

(c)
As set forth in Section 2.4(b).

11.3
Suppliers Right to Terminate for Cause. Supplier may terminate this Agreement immediately by providing written notice to
Buyer:

(a)
If Buyer breaches any material term of this Agreement and, if curable, Buyer fails to correct such breach within ninety (90) days after
receiving written notice of such breach from Supplier.

(b)
If Buyer fails to meet its financial obligations as they become due and fails to cure such failure within thirty (30) days after receiving
written notice of such failure, or if any proceeding under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws is brought against Buyer, or a receiver
is appointed for Buyer or Buyer makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors.

11.4

11.5
Effect of Expiration or Termination. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided under this Section 11, Buyer
shall pay for all Products received and accepted prior to the termination date and shall return or destroy all Supplier Confidential
Information in accordance with the provisions of Section 10. Suppliers obligations upon expiration or termination of this Agreement
shall include the following obligations unless otherwise directed by Buyer in writing:

(a)
Supplier shall immediately cease using any Specifications, Buyer Assets, Buyer Confidential Information, or any Buyer Intellectual Property
for itself or any third party;

(b)
Supplier shall accept and fulfill any Purchase Orders made by Buyer during the period between the date such termination notice is delivered
and the actual termination date of this Agreement, including a final buy Purchase Order for a quantity not to exceed that ordered by
Buyer over the previous three-year period that shall be delivered within ninety (90) days of Suppliers receipt of such final buy
Purchase Order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of termination under Section 11.2, Buyer may also terminate all unfilled
Purchase Orders without any liability except for the Price of any Products previously delivered and accepted by Buyer (subject to any
set-off available to Buyer);

21

(c)
Buyer at its discretion (a) may purchase from Manufacturer any existing inventories of Product ordered under this Agreement that conforms
to the Specifications and is Manufactured in accordance with GMP and this Agreement, at the price for such Product set forth herein;
and (b) may either (i) purchase any such Product in process held by Supplier as of the date of the termination, at a price to be mutually
agreed (it being understood that such price will reflect, on a pro rata basis, work performed and non-cancelable out-of-pocket expenses
actually incurred by Supplier with respect to the manufacture of such in-process Product); or (ii) direct Supplier to dispose of such
material at Buyers cost; and

(d)
Supplier shall promptly return to Buyer all Buyer Confidential Information, all Buyer Assets in Suppliers possession, and any
other property furnished by or belonging to Buyer, or dispose of such Buyer Assets or other property in accordance with Buyers
instructions (provided that Buyer will reimburse Supplier for the actual, reasonable costs associated with such disposal).

11.6 Survival.
Expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason will not relieve either party of any obligation accruing prior to such
expiration or termination. The rights and obligations of the Parties under Sections 4.3 and 4.5 and Section 5, Section 6.2, Section
8, Section 9, Section 10, Sections 11.6 and 11.7, and Section 12 of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of
this Agreement. Specifically with respect to Section 4, such rights and obligations shall survive until seven (7) years after the
expiration date of the last batch of Products manufactured and packaged hereunder or, in the case of any record-keeping
requirements, for so long as required by Law, whichever period is longer. Miscellaneous

12.1 Relationship
of the Parties. The Parties shall be deemed independent contractors with respect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement
and shall not in any respect act as an agent or employee of the other Party. Nothing in this Agreement creates any agency, joint
venture, partnership or other form of joint enterprise, employment or fiduciary relationship between the Parties. Neither Party has
any express or implied right or authority to assume or create any obligations on behalf of or in the name of the other Party or to
bind the other Party to any contract, agreement or undertaking with any third Party. All persons employed by Supplier in connection
with the manufacture and supply of the Products to Buyer shall be employees, agents or contractors of Supplier. Under no
circumstances shall employees or agents of one Party be deemed to be employees or agents of the other Party. Force Majeure.
Performance under this Agreement shall be excused to the extent prevented or delayed directly by an event beyond such Partys
(the affected Party) control, without the affected Partys fault or negligence and that by its nature
could not have been foreseen by the affected Party or, if it could have been foreseen, was unavoidable, such as fire, flood,
explosion, unavoidable breakdown of machinery, widespread product tampering by third parties, governmental acts or regulations (over
which the affected Party has no control), terrorist activities, natural disasters, war, any act of God, or by any other similar
circumstances of any character reasonably beyond the control of the affected Party (each a Force Majeure
Event). The affected Party shall promptly notify in writing the non-affected Party of the Force Majeure Event and the
probable duration of the delay. Any delay caused by a Force Majeure Event shall toll the term of this Agreement which shall be
extended by the length thereof. In the event a Force Majeure Event prevents performance by either Party for more than 30 days, then
either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement (in its entirety) upon notice to the other Party. Neither Party shall
be liable to the other Party for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or exemplary damages arising out
of or relating to the suspension or termination of any of its obligations or duties under this Agreement by reason of the occurrence
of force majeure.

22

12.3
Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interest or obligations hereunder may be assigned by either Party hereto
without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided that (a) nothing in this Section 12.3 shall restrict either Party from
engaging subcontractors in accordance with this Agreement and (b) neither Party shall not be required to obtain the consent of the other
Party in the event of an assignment of this Agreement to (i) a successor-in-interest who acquires all of the capital stock of the assigning
Party or substantially all the assets of the assigning Party to which this Agreement relates or (ii) an Affiliate of such assigning Party.
Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section is null and void.

12.4
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and waivers other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or by overnight courier with delivery charges
prepaid, to the addresses listed at the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

The
above addresses for receipt of notice may be changed by either Party by notice, given as provided herein.

12.5
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including and together with any related exhibits, schedules, the Quality Agreement, and the
applicable terms of any Purchase Orders, constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties, and understandings, oral and written,
with respect to such subject matter.

12.6
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent and only for the duration of such prohibition or enforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provisions in any other jurisdiction. If any such provision shall be adjudged
by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be prohibited or unenforceable but would be valid and enforceable if part of the
wording thereof were to be deleted and/or the period thereof were to be reduced and/or the area thereby were to be reduced, such provision
shall apply within the jurisdiction of such court or authority with such modifications as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

12.7
Amendment & Modification; Waiver. This Agreement and any exhibit attached hereto may be amended, modified and supplemented
by a written instrument expressly identified as an amendment hereto authorized and executed on behalf of Supplier and Buyer with respect
to any of the terms contained herein. No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set
forth in writing and executed by the Party so waiving. The waiver by any Party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement
shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. No failure on the part of either Party to exercise,
and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. The remedies herein are cumulative and not exclusive
of any remedies provided by Law.

23

12.8
Section Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not affect
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

12.9
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all
of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

12.10
Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement and the legal relations between the Parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with internal Law of the State of Delaware without regards to conflicts of laws principles. The Parties hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State of Delaware
for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (and the Parties
agree not to commence any action, suit or proceeding relating thereto except in such courts). The Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
waive any objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of any this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, in the state and federal courts of Delaware, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead
or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
The Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive all right to trial by jury in any action, suit or proceeding (whether based
on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of any this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

12.11
Binding Effect; Benefit. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended
to confer on any Buyer, other than the Parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.

12.12
Publicity. Except as is necessary for governmental notification purposes or to comply with applicable Law or to enforce their
respective rights under this Agreement, and except as otherwise agreed to by the Parties hereto in writing, the Parties shall (a) keep
the terms of this Agreement confidential and (b) agree upon the text and the exact timing of any public announcement relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall limit the right of either Party to publicize a Recall in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

12.13
Import/Export Compliance. Supplier shall strictly comply with all applicable import/export Laws. Supplier shall ensure that it
will not export, sell, divert, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Products in violation of applicable Law. Unless otherwise set forth
in the Purchase Order, Supplier shall obtain all licenses and approvals that may be necessary to import the Products to the Delivery
Location and to export the Products from the point of origin thereof in accordance with all applicable Laws at its expense. Supplier
shall provide Buyer with such documentation as Buyer may request to confirm Suppliers compliance with this Section 12.13. All
drawback of duties, and rights to drawback of duties paid by Supplier or Buyer upon the importation of Products or any materials or components
that are used in the manufacture of the Products under an Order will accrue to the exclusive benefit of Buyer. Such duty drawback rights
include rights developed by substitution and duty drawback rights obtained from sub-tier suppliers related to the Products. Supplier
will provide Buyer with all documents, records, and other supporting information necessary to obtain any duty drawback and will reasonably
cooperate with Buyer to obtain payment.

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank]

24

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and to be effective as of the date first above written.

Windtree
Therapeutics, Inc.

By: /s/
Jed Latkin 

Name: Jed
Latkin

Title: CEO

Evofem
Biosciences, Inc.

By: /s/
Saundra Pelletier 

Name: Saundra
Pelletier

Title: CEO

25

EXHIBIT
A

Specifications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Evofem Expects Significant Reduction in PHEXXI Manufacturing Cost Through Agreement with Windtree Therapeutics 

Evofems Cost to Manufacture PHEXXI will Decrease by 55% - 60% 

SAN
DIEGO, CA, March 26, 2025 Evofem Biosciences, Inc. (OTCQB: EVFM) (Evofem or the Company) today announced that it has entered
into a License and Supply Agreement (L&S Agreement) with Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. (NasdaqCM: WINT), under which Windtree
will be Evofems sourcing partner for PHEXXI (lactic acid, citric acid and potassium bitartrate). This FDA-approved
hormone-free contraceptive vaginal gel is applied 0 to 60 minutes before each act of intercourse. It prevents pregnancy by maintaining
the normal vaginal biome which has a slightly acidic pH that is inhospitable to sperm.

Under
the L&S Agreement, Windtree will leverage its manufacturing contacts to reduce the cost to manufacture PHEXXI. Evofem expects PHEXXI
COGS will decrease by 55% to 60% from current levels. Furthermore, there will be no cost to Evofem for the tech transfer to the new manufacturer
engaged by Windtree.

Global
expansion of PHEXXI has always been a critical mandate for Evofem, but a significant hurdle has been high manufacturing costs which make
commercialization cost-prohibitive in many markets outside of the U.S., said Saundra Pelletier, CEO of Evofem. The meaningful
decrease in the per-box cost of PHEXXI that we expect to achieve with Windtrees assistance should allow Evofem to take PHEXXI
into new, price-sensitive global markets where there is great need for non-hormonal contraceptives that women control. Our goal is to
empower women; to have PHEXXI available in all markets around the world is a big step in that direction.

Jed
Latkin, CEO of Windtree, noted, Using our extensive contacts across the globe, we have engaged with a pharmaceutical manufacturer
on the plan to produce PHEXXI at a far lower cost while delivering the same high quality product that women and their healthcare providers
rely on for hormone-free contraception. We look forward to collaborating with Evofem and our manufacturing partner as we do the tech
transfer and manufacture the initial batches and validation batches in line with the FDA requirements.

Evofem
maintains ownership of the asset and continues to commercialize PHEXXI in the United States through its dedicated sales team and internationally
through strategic partnerships, including its July 2024 license agreement with Emirati pharmaceutical company Pharma 1 Drug Store, which
plans to launch the hormone-free contraceptive vaginal gel in the UAE following approval by the Emirates Drug Establishment.

About
Evofem Biosciences

Evofem
is commercializing innovative products to address unmet needs in womens sexual and reproductive health. The Companys first
FDA-approved product, PHEXXI (lactic acid, citric acid, and potassium bitartrate),
is a hormone-free, on-demand prescription contraceptive vaginal gel. It comes in a box of 12 pre-filled applicators and is applied 0-60
minutes before each act of sex. 

In
July 2024 Evofem broadened its commercial offering with the acquisition of SOLOSEC (secnidazole) 2g oral granules, an FDA-approved
oral antibiotic for the treatment of two sexual health diseases: bacterial vaginosis (BV), a common vaginal infection, in females 12
years of age and older, and trichomoniasis, a common sexually transmitted infection (STI), in people 12 years of age and older. SOLOSEC
provides a complete course of therapy in just one dose.

PHEXXI
and SOLOSEC are registered trademarks of Evofem Biosciences, Inc.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are current only as of the date of this press
release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those discussed or implied in the forward-looking statements are disclosed in the Companys SEC filings,
including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2025, and any subsequent
filings. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. The Company does not undertake any
duty to update any forward-looking statement except as required by law.

Contact

Amy
Raskopf, Chief Business Development Officer

Evofem
Biosciences, Inc.

araskopf@evofem.com

(917)
673-5775

###
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>evfm-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>evfm-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>evfm-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36754

Entity Registrant Name EVOFEM
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001618835

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8527075

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7770
Regents Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 113-618

Entity Address, City or Town San
Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92122

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 550-1900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol EVFM

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://evofem.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

evfm-20250320.xsd 
evfm-20250320_lab.xml 
evfm-20250320_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-000742-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001618835 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001618835 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
EVOFEM BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
DE 
001-36754 
20-8527075 
7770 Regents Road 
Suite 113-618 
San Diego 
CA 
92122 
(858) 
550-1900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
EVFM 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>