<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001753926-25-000539.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001753926-25-000539.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331170050
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-25-000539
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Greenbacker Renewable Energy Co LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563922
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55610
		FILM NUMBER:		25794647

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GREENBACKER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
		STREET 2:		230 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1560
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-237-7884

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GREENBACKER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
		STREET 2:		230 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1560
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g084741_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000156392200015639222025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

_______________________________________

FORM
8-K

_______________________________________

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date Earliest Event Reported): March 31, 2025 (March 28, 2025)

_______________________________________

GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY CO LLC

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

_______________________________________

Delaware 000-55610 80-0872648

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) (Commission
File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

230
Park Avenue, Suite 1560

New
York, NY10169

Tel(646)237-7884

(Address,
including zip code and telephone number, including area code, of registrants Principal Executive Office)

_______________________________________

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions: 

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2b under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange on

which
registered

Limited liability company interests None None

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory
Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On
March 28, 2025, Mr. Charles Wheeler provided a letter of resignation to Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC (the Company)
pursuant to which, on April 1, 2025 (the Transition Date), he will step down as Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
of the Company and as Chairman of the Companys board of directors (the Board) and as a member of the Boards
nominating and governance committee. Mr. Wheeler has also resigned as a director of the Board, effective as of the earlier of December
31, 2025 and the date on which a permanent CEO of the Company is appointed. As of the Transition Date, Mr. Wheeler will continue to be
a non-executive employee of the Company and will be designated as Founder and Chairman Emeritus. 

On
March 31, 2025,
Mr. Wheeler entered into a transition agreement with the Company and certain of its affiliates (the Transition Agreement)
that sets forth the terms of his employment and certain other matters on and following the Transition Date. 

During
the period beginning on the Transition Date and ending on April 1, 2026 (or such earlier date on which Mr. Wheelers employment
is terminated by him or the Company) (such period, the Term), Mr. Wheeler will serve in the role of Founder and Chairman
Emeritus, remain an at-will employee of the Company and provide advice and assistance to the Company on an as-requested basis, including
with respect to supporting the Companys interim CEO (Interim CEO) and the Companys permanent CEO, responding
to reasonable requests for information and assistance and such other matters as may be reasonably assigned by the Company. During the
Term, Mr. Wheeler will receive a base salary at a rate of $750,000 per annum, will not be eligible to receive an annual bonus or other
cash incentive compensation (including in respect of fiscal year 2024) and will continue to be eligible to participate in employee benefit
plans, programs, policies and arrangements of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided, however, that Mr. Wheeler will no longer be
eligible to participate in any severance plan or program of the Company and its subsidiaries (including Greenbacker Renewable Energy
Corporations Executive Protection Plan), except for the potential severance set forth in the Transition Agreement. With respect
to Mr. Wheelers unvested equity awards that are outstanding as of the Transition Date, Mr. Wheeler will retain any portion of
such equity awards that is subject to solely service-based vesting conditions and would otherwise vest prior to April 1, 2027 (which
shall remain eligible to vest subject to the existing terms and conditions of such equity awards, subject to Mr. Wheelers continued
employment) and will immediately forfeit for no consideration all other equity awards. The Company will also reimburse Mr. Wheeler for
reasonable and documented legal expenses that were incurred for legal advice obtained in connection with the Transition Agreement in
an amount of up to $15,000.

Under
the Transition Agreement, if Mr. Wheelers employment is terminated without cause prior to the end of the Term, due
to death or disability prior to the end of the Term or as a result of the expiration of the Term, then in any such case,
subject to Mr. Wheeler (i) executing and not revoking a general release of claims and (ii) complying with the terms of the Transition
Agreement, Mr. Wheeler will be entitled to receive the following payments and benefits: (a) continued payment of his base salary, payable
in cash in substantially equal amounts in accordance with normal payroll practices for the period beginning on his termination date and
ending on April 1, 2027, (b) subsidized COBRA benefits for the period beginning on his termination date and ending on October 1, 2026,
and (c) acceleration of any then-outstanding unvested equity awards on the termination date. 

The
Transition Agreement also includes a reaffirmation of Mr. Wheelers existing restrictive covenants, provided that any non-competition
and non-solicitation covenants will end on April 1, 2027.

The
description of the Transition Agreement in this Current Report on Form 8-K is a summary of, and is qualified in its entirety by, the
terms of the Transition Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

In
addition, on March 31, 2025, the Board appointed the Companys Managing Director and Head of Infrastructure, Mr. Daniel De Boer,
age 39, as the Companys Interim CEO, effective April 1, 2025.

Prior
to joining the Company in December 2023, Mr. De Boer previously served as the Head of Renewables at Allianz Capital Partners of America
from March 2019 through December 2023, where he led all aspects of the investment lifecycle and played a role in shaping the strategic
direction of their sustainable infrastructure platform. Mr. De Boer holds a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School
at the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University.

There
is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. De Boer and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as an officer of the Company.
Mr. De Boer has no family relationship with any director or executive officer of the Company, or any person nominated or chosen by the
Company to become a director or executive officer. In addition, he is not party to any transaction required to be disclosed under Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K.

On
March 31, 2025, the Board appointed current director, Robert Brennan, as Chairman of the Board, effective April 1, 2025. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

The
Company has completed the re-underwriting process that it previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K on February 4, 2025 with
respect to net asset value (NAV) per share for each of the Companys share classes. The Company evaluated the expected
future performance of the assets in its portfolio relative to their historical performance, while also taking into account the impact
of current market conditions. On March 25, 2025, the Board approved the December 31, 2024 NAV and, as a result, the Company adjusted
its aggregate NAV to $5.03 per share, a 35.5% decrease relative to the September 30, 2024 NAV.

The
December 31, 2024 NAV and monthly share value per share for the Companys share classes are as set forth below:

Share
Class Net
Asset Value Monthly
Share Value

A $
4.669 $
4.669

C $
4.616 $
4.624

I $
4.669 $
4.669

P-A $
4.969 $
4.981

P-I $
5.129 $
5.129

P-D $
5.139 $
5.152

P-T $
5.037 $5.181

P-S $
4.967 $5.114

EO $
5.129 $5.129

The
aggregate NAV of the Companys common shares as of December 31, 2024 was $1.0 billion, or $5.03 per share, and was determined in
accordance with the valuation guidelines as approved by its Board.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

The
following exhibits are furnished as part of this report:

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Transition Agreement by and among the Company, Greenbacker Renewable Energy Corporation, Greenbacker Capital Management, Greenbacker Administration, LLC and Mr. Wheeler, dated March 31, 2025*

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* This
exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY LLC

Date: March
31, 2025 By: /s/
Carl Weatherley-White

Name: Carl
Weatherley-White

Title: Interim
Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>g084741_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

TRANSITION
AGREEMENT

This
Transition Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into on March 31, 2025 by and between (i) Charles Wheeler
(Executive) and (ii) Greenbacker Renewable Energy Company LLC (GREC LLC), Greenbacker
Renewable Energy Corporation (GREC), Greenbacker Capital Management (GCM), and
Greenbacker Administration, LLC (GA LLC, collectively with GREC LLC, GREC and GCM, the Company
Group).

WHEREAS,
it is the desire of the Company Group to continue to assure itself of the services of Executive on the terms herein provided by entering
into this Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
it is the desire of Executive to continue to provide services to the Company Group on the terms herein provided.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, including the respective covenants
and agreements set forth below, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. 
Transition.

(a) 
Board and Officer Resignations. On April 1, 2025 (the Transition Date), Executive will resign from
(i) his roles as Chairman of the Board of Directors of GREC LLC (the GREC LLC Board), and President and Chief
Executive Officer of GREC LLC, effective immediately, and (ii) his role on the GREC LLC Board in a non-Chairman capacity, effective as
of the earlier of (A) December 31, 2025 and (B) the date on which a new permanent Chief Executive Officer of GREC LLC is appointed.

(b) 
Founder and Chairman Emeritus Role. Effective as of the Transition Date and through the end of the Term (as defined below), the
Company Group shall continue to employ Executive, and Executive shall continue to remain in the employ of the Company Group, in the role
of Founder and Chairman Emeritus, with only such responsibilities, duties and authority as may from time to time be reasonably assigned
to Executive by the GREC LLC Board, GREC LLCs interim Chief Executive Officer and GREC LLCs permanent Chief Executive Officer,
including, without limitation, (i) supporting GREC LLCs interim Chief Executive Officer and GREC LLCs permanent Chief Executive
Officer, (ii) responding to reasonable requests for information about the business of the Company Group or its affiliates or Executives
involvement and participation therein, (iii) assisting in connection with the defense, prosecution or investigation of any claims or
actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company Group or its affiliates, including
any proceeding before any arbitral, administrative, judicial, legislative, or other body or agency, including testifying in any proceeding
to the extent such claims, actions, investigations or proceedings relate to services performed or required to be performed by Executive,
pertinent knowledge possessed by Executive, or any act or omission by Executive, and (iv) assisting in connection with any investigation
or review by any federal, state or local regulatory, quasi- or self-regulatory or self-governing authority or organization (including
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA))
that relates to services performed or required to be performed by Executive, pertinent knowledge possessed by Executive, or any act or
omission by Executive.

(c) Employment
Term. The term of employment for Executives role as Founder and Chairman Emeritus under this Agreement (the
Term) shall commence on the Transition Date and end on April 1, 2026, subject to earlier termination as
provided in Section 4 below. During the Term, Executive shall devote substantially all of Executives working time, attention
and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company Group (which shall include service to its affiliates) and shall not engage in
outside business activities without the prior written consent of the GREC LLC Board (not to be unreasonably withheld).

(d) 
Location. Executive shall, subject to reasonably required travel in connection with the performance of Executives duties,
including regular travel to the Company Groups offices if requested by the GREC LLC Board, GREC LLCs interim Chief Executive
Officer or GREC LLCs permanent Chief Executive Officer, perform the services required by this Agreement at Executives home
office.

2. 
Compensation and Related Matters.

(a) 
Annual Base Salary. During the Term, Executive shall receive a base salary at a rate of $750,000 per annum, which shall be paid
in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company Group and shall be pro-rated for partial years of employment (such
annual base salary, the Annual Base Salary).

(b) 
Incentive Compensation. During the Term, Executive shall not be eligible to receive an annual bonus or other cash incentive compensation,
including in respect of fiscal year 2024. With respect to Executives unvested equity awards of the Company Group that are outstanding
as of the Transition Date, (i) Executive shall retain any portion of such equity awards that is subject to solely service-based vesting
conditions and would otherwise vest prior to April 1, 2027 (each, a Continuing Equity Award), which shall
remain eligible to vest subject to the existing terms and conditions of such Continuing Equity Award, subject to Executives continued
employment, further subject to acceleration as provided in Section 4, and (ii) on the Transition Date, Executive shall immediately forfeit
for no consideration any such equity award that is not a Continuing Equity Award, including any equity award that would otherwise vest
on or following April 1, 2027 or that is subject to performance-vesting conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, the Continuing Equity
Awards consist solely of (A) 55,341.79 restricted stock units granted on August 22, 2023 that are scheduled to vest in two equal installments
on August 22, 2025 and August 22, 2026 and (B) 29,784.9 restricted stock units granted on July 18, 2024 that are scheduled to vest in
two equal installments on July 18, 2025 and July 18, 2026.

(c) 
Benefits. During the Term, Executive shall continue to be eligible to participate in employee benefit plans, programs, policies
and arrangements as the Company Group may from time to time offer to provide to its executives, consistent with the terms thereof and
as such plans, programs, policies and arrangements may be amended from time to time; provided that in no event shall Executive be eligible
to participate in any severance plan or program of the Company Group (including the GREC Executive Protection Plan (the EPP)),
except as set forth in Section 4 below.

3. 
At-Will Employment. The Company Group and Executive acknowledge that Executives employment is and shall continue to be
at-will and can be terminated by Executive or by the Company Group at any time, with or without advance notice, and for
any or no particular reason or cause. If Executives employment terminates for any lawful reason, Executive shall not be entitled
to any payments, benefits, damages, award, or compensation other than as provided in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement,
Date of Termination shall mean the date of the termination of Executives employment with the Company
Group. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason, subject to Section 1(a), Executive shall be deemed to have resigned
from all offices and directorships, if any, then held with the Company Group, and shall take all actions reasonably requested by the
Company Group to effectuate the foregoing.

4. 
Obligations Upon a Termination of Employment.

2 

(a) 
Company Group Obligations upon Termination. Upon or within thirty (30) days following the Date of Termination, the Company Group
will pay to Executive (or Executives estate, as applicable) all accrued salary and all accrued, unused paid time off through the
Date of Termination (to the extent that Executive is entitled to payment of any such amount in accordance with Company Group policies).
In addition, the Company Group will reimburse any reasonable, documented business expenses incurred by Executive prior to the Date of
Termination (to the extent that Executive is entitled to reimbursement of any such amount in accordance with Company Group policies).
The amounts described in this Section 4(a) are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Accrued Obligations.

(b) 
Executives Obligations upon Termination.

(i) 
Cooperation. Executive shall provide Executives reasonable cooperation in connection with any action or proceeding (or
any appeal from any action or proceeding) which relates to events occurring during Executives employment with the Company Group;
provided the Company Group shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive with respect to any such cooperation and reimburse Executive for
Executives reasonable costs and expenses (including legal counsel selected by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company
Group) and such cooperation shall not unreasonably burden Executive or unreasonably interfere with any subsequent employment that Executive
may undertake.

(ii) 
Return of Company Group Property. Executive represents and warrants that Executive will promptly following the Date of Termination
return to the Company Group any and all property and equipment of the Company Group, including (A) all keys, files, lists, books and
records (and copies thereof) of, or in connection with, the Company Groups business, equipment (including, but not limited to,
computer hardware, software and printers, wireless handheld devices, cellular phones and pagers), access or credit cards, Company Group
identification, and all other property belonging to the Company Group in Executives possession or control, and (B) all documents
and copies, including hard and electronic copies, of documents in Executives possession relating to any Proprietary Information
or Third Party Information (each as defined in Appendix A to the Participation Notice and Agreement to the EPP previously entered into
by and between Executive and GREC (the EPP Participation Agreement), notwithstanding that Executive will
no longer be a participant in the EPP as of and following the Transition Date), including without limitation, internal and external business
forms, manuals, correspondence, notes and computer programs, and that Executive has not, and shall not make or retain any copy or extract
of any of the foregoing.

(c) 
Severance Payments upon a Termination without Cause or Expiration of the Term. If Executives employment is terminated (1)
by the Company Group without Cause (as defined in the EPP, notwithstanding that Executive will no longer be a participant in the EPP
as of and following the Transition Date) prior to the end of the Term, (2) due to Executives death or Disability (as defined in
the EPP, notwithstanding that Executive will no longer be a participant in the EPP as of and following the Transition Date) prior to
the end of the Term or (3) as a result of the expiration of the Term, then in either case, subject to (x) Executives continued
compliance with the terms and conditions of Sections 6 through 8 of this Agreement and (y) Executives (or Executives estates,
as applicable) timely execution and non-revocation of a release of claims agreement in a form approved by the Company Group (the General
Release), the Company Group will pay or provide Executive (or Executives estate, as applicable) the following payments
and benefits, in addition to the Accrued Obligations:

(i) 
Continued payment of the Annual Base Salary in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company Groups normal payroll
practices for the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on April 1, 2027;

3 

(ii) 
During the period commencing on the Date of Termination and ending on October 1, 2026 or the date on which Executive becomes eligible
for coverage under a subsequent employers group health plan, subject to Executives valid election to continue healthcare
coverage under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the regulations
thereunder, reimbursement of Executive and Executives dependents for coverage under its group health plan at the same or reasonably
equivalent levels in effect on the Date of Termination based upon the excess of (A) the cost of the premiums paid by Executive and Executives
dependents for such coverage over (B) the cost to Executive that would have applied had Executives employment not terminated based
on Executives elections in effect on the Date of Termination; and

(iii) 
Executives then-outstanding unvested Continuing Equity Awards will accelerate and vest in full on the Date of Termination.

The
payments described in this Section 4(c) shall be in lieu of any termination of severance payments or benefits for which Executive may
be eligible under any of the plans, policies or programs of the Company Group or under the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification
Act of 1988 or any similar state or local statute or regulation. Any payment that is otherwise required to be paid to Executive pursuant
to this Section 4(c) before the General Release becomes final and binding shall instead be paid to Executive on the first normal payroll
payment date following the date that is 60 days after the Date of Termination. If Executive (or Executives estate, as applicable)
(A) breaches this Agreement or the Restrictive Covenants (as defined below) or (B) does not timely execute the General Release otherwise
revokes the General Release, then (1) the Company Groups continuing obligations under this Section 4(c) shall cease as of the
date of such occurrence and Executive (or Executives estate, as applicable) shall be entitled to no further payments hereunder
and (2) Executive (or Executives estate, as applicable) shall be obligated to repay to the Company Group all amounts previously
paid, and shall forfeit any Continuing Equity Awards that vested, pursuant to this Section 4(c) prior to the date of such occurrence.

5. 
Release of Known and Unknown Claims.

(a) 
General Release. In exchange for the consideration set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, Executive and Executives representatives completely release from, and
agree to not file, cause to be filed or pursue against, the Company Group, its affiliated, related, parent or subsidiary companies, and
its present and former directors, officers, and employees (the Released Parties) all claims, complaints,
grievances, causes of action, or charges of any kind, known and unknown, asserted or unasserted (Claims),
which Executive may now have or have ever had against any of them (Released Claims). Released Claims include,
but are not limited to: (i) all claims arising from Executives employment with the Released Parties, including Claims for wrongful
termination or retaliation; (ii) all Claims related to Executives compensation or benefits from the Released Parties, including
salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, incentive compensation, profit sharing, retirement benefits, paid time off, vacation, sick leave,
leaves of absence, expense reimbursements, equity, severance pay, and fringe benefits; (iii) all Claims for breach of contract, breach
of quasi-contract, promissory estoppel, detrimental reliance, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (iv)
all tort Claims, including Claims for fraud, defamation, slander, libel, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress, personal
injury, negligence, compensatory or punitive damages, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, and discharge in violation of public
policy; (v) all federal, state, and local statutory Claims, including Claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys
fees, medical expenses, experts fees, costs and disbursements; and (vi) any other Claims of any kind whatsoever, from the beginning
of time until the date Executive signs this Agreement, in each case whether based on contract, tort, statute, local ordinance, regulation
or any comparable law in any jurisdiction. By way of example and not in limitation, Released Claims include any Claims arising under

4 

Title
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and/or
1871, 42 U.S.C. Section 1981; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq.; the
Family Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et
seq.; the federal Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C. 2102 et seq; the New York Human Rights Law; the New
York City Human Rights Law; the Delaware Discrimination in Employment Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 710 to 719A; the Delaware
Whistleblowers Protection Act, Del. Code Ann. Tit. 19 1701 to 1708; the Delaware Wage Payment and Collection Act,
Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 1101 to 1115; the Delaware Fair Employment Practices Act, Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, 701
to 709A; the Delaware social media law, Del. Code Ann. Tit. 19 709A; or any comparable law in any other jurisdiction. The parties
intend for this release to be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT
CONTAINS A GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS.

(b) 
Claims Not Released. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge and agree that Executive is not waiving or being required
to waive (i) any right that cannot be waived as a matter of law, (ii) rights for indemnification under U.S. and non-U.S. federal and
state laws, (iii) rights for indemnification and defense under any contract or agreement with the Company Group that provides for indemnification
or under the Company Groups by-laws or under any insurance policies of the Company Group or its affiliates, (iv) rights to any
vested benefits or pension funds or (v) rights to seek workers compensation or unemployment insurance benefits, subject to the
terms and conditions thereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or interfere with exercising protected rights, including rights
under the National Labor Relations Act; filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration; or reporting possible violations of law to or participating in an investigation by any federal, state or local
government agency or commission such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor or the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Executive does, however, waive any right to receive any monetary award or benefit resulting from such a charge, report, or investigation
related to any Released Claims, except that Executive may receive and fully retain a monetary award from a government-administered whistleblower
award program. The parties further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights that are
not subject to waiver by private agreement or otherwise cannot be waived as a matter of law.

(c) 
Representations. Executive represents that Executive has not initiated, filed, or caused to be filed and agrees not to initiate,
file or cause to be filed any Released Claims against any Released Parties with respect to any aspect of Executives employment
by the Company Group or with respect to any other Released Claim. Executive expressly covenants and warrants that Executive has not assigned
or transferred to any person or entity any portion of any Released Claims that are waived, released and/or discharged herein. If Executive
nonetheless files, causes to be filed, or pursues any Released Claims against one or more Released Party, Executive will pay to each
such Released Party any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and court costs) incurred by such Released Party in connection
with such action, claim or suit. Executive and the Company Group agree that this Agreement is not an admission of guilt or liability
on the part of Executive and the Company Group under any national, federal, state or local law, whether statutory or common law, and
liability for any and all Claims is expressly denied by Executive and the Company Group.

(d) ADEA
Waiver and Revocation Rights. In this Section 5(d), the Company Group provides Executive with specific information required
under ADEA. Executive acknowledges that Executive has received and reviewed any and all information required, if any, by ADEA and
the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act. Executive agrees that the release of claims in this Agreement includes a knowing and
voluntary waiver of any rights Executive may have under ADEA. Executive acknowledges that Executive has been given an opportunity to
consider for 21 days the terms of this Agreement, although Executive may sign beforehand, and that Executive is advised by the
Company Group to consult with an attorney. 

5 

Executive
further understands that Executive can revoke Executives waiver of ADEA claims within seven days of signing this Agreement, but
that Executives rights under this Agreement will be null and void if Executive revokes Executives waiver (provided that
Section 1(a) shall remain effective). Revocation must be made by delivering a written notice of revocation to the Company Groups
General Counsel. Executive acknowledges and agrees that for the revocation to be effective, the written notice must be received no later
than the close of business (5:00 p.m. local time in New York, New York) on the seventh day after Executive signs this Agreement. Executive
further agrees that any change to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart the twenty-one (21) day review period.

6. 
Reaffirmation of Restrictive Covenants. The parties acknowledge and agree that Executive previously made certain covenants to
the Company Group with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation, ownership of property and confidentiality (collectively, the Restrictive
Covenants), including those set forth in Appendix A to the EPP Participation Agreement. Executive hereby acknowledges
and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms and that Executive shall
be bound by their terms and conditions (including those set forth in Appendix A to the EPP Participation Agreement, notwithstanding that
Executive will no longer be a participant in the EPP as of and following the Transition Date), and that the Restrictive Covenants shall
apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis; provided, however, that the Restricted Period for purposes of the non-competition
and non-solicitation covenants shall in all events end on April 1, 2027.

7. 
Non-Disparagement. Executive promises, covenants, and agrees that, except as required or allowed by applicable law or process
of law or as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, he will never say, write, express, communicate or relate anything disparaging, defamatory
or false about the Company Group (including all of their respective current or former agents, officers, directors representatives, assigns,
successors and insurers, and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them), or any of their business practices
and activities, except when the transmission of otherwise truthful statements is reasonably required by business necessity. The
Company Group agrees that, except as required or allowed by applicable law or process of law as otherwise permitted in this Agreement,
or when the transmission of otherwise truthful statements is reasonably required by business necessity, it will direct its executive
officers and directors not to make, and will not authorize anyone to make, any statement (oral, written, or otherwise) that is disparaging,
defamatory or false about Executive to any third party who is not an officer or director of any member of the Company Group. Written
statements include, but are not limited to, posts made on message boards, blogs, listservs, Web sites, Web forums, or similar electronic
medium.

8. Exceptions.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit Executive (or
Executives attorney) from (a) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to,
participating in any investigation by, or cooperating with the SEC, FINRA, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National
Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Department
of Justice or any other securities regulatory agency, self-regulatory authority or federal, state, local or foreign regulatory
authority (collectively, Government Agencies), or making other disclosures that are protected under the
whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation, (b) communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing
information (including trade secrets) in confidence to any Government Agencies for the purpose of reporting or investigating a
suspected violation of law, or from providing such information to Executives attorney or in a sealed complaint or other
document filed in a lawsuit or other governmental proceeding, and/or (c) receiving an award for information provided to any
Government Agency. Pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or
state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. Further, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall preclude Executive from providing truthful testimony in response to
a valid subpoena, court order, regulatory request or other judicial, administrative or legal process or otherwise as required by
law. If Executive is required to provide testimony, then unless otherwise directed or requested by a Governmental Agency or law
enforcement, Executive shall notify the Company Group in writing as promptly as practicable after receiving any such request of the
anticipated testimony and at least ten (10) days prior to providing such testimony (or, if such notice is not possible under the
circumstances, with as much prior notice as is possible) to afford the Company Group a reasonable opportunity to challenge the
subpoena, court order or similar legal process.

6 

9. 
Arbitration.

(a) 
General. The parties agree that any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executives
employment by the Company Group following the Transition Date (collectively, Action) will be finally resolved
by binding arbitration. By agreeing to arbitration, the parties acknowledge that they waive their right to bring an Action in court,
waive their right to a jury trial, and that the sole forum for resolving Actions relating to this Agreement shall be in arbitration.
The parties further acknowledge that they have evaluated the costs of arbitration, consulted with their respective attorneys and agree
that the costs and expenses of arbitration will not in any way deter, limit or prevent them from enforcing or protecting their rights
under this Section 9.

(b) 
Initiation of Arbitration. In the event Executive wishes to begin an arbitration proceeding under this Section 9, Executive shall
send a letter by first class mail or by any nationally recognized delivery service requesting arbitration and describing Executives
Action to the GREC LLCs General Counsel. In the event the Company Group wishes to begin an arbitration proceeding under this Section
9, the applicable member of the Company Group shall send a letter by first class mail or by any nationally recognized delivery service
requesting arbitration and describing the Company Groups Action to Executive.

(c) 
Forum. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its
Commercial Rules. The AAAs rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.

(d) 
Stipulations as to Forum. The parties agree to the following with respect to any arbitration: (i) a single arbitrator shall decide
any Action; (ii) the location of the AAA proceeding shall be located in the County of New York, State of New York; (iii) the arbitration
will be conducted in the English language; (iv) New York law shall apply; and (v) judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may
be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, each party is responsible for
his or its own attorneys fees, subject to any remedies to which that party may later be entitled under applicable law. Fees for
the arbitration and/or the arbitrator will be apportioned equally between the parties or as otherwise required by applicable law. The
arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation,
applicability, unconscionability, arbitrability, enforceability, or formation of this arbitration agreement, including any Action that
all or any part of this arbitration agreement is void or voidable.

(e) 
Enforcement of Arbitration Provision. This Section 9 is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of disputes
arising out of this Agreement. In the event any portion of this Section 9 is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Section 9 will
be enforceable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only
to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that partys individual Action. If for any reason an Action proceeds in
court rather than in arbitration, the Action shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the County of New York,
State of New York. The parties waive any right to a jury trial.

7 

(f) 
Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, either party shall have the right to seek injunctive
or other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction to enforce this Agreement. For purposes of seeking injunctive relief,
the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the County of New York, State of New York.

10. 
Section 409A of the Code.

(a) 
All payments and benefits under this Agreement are intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and Department
of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other
such guidance that may be issued after the Transition Date (collectively, Section 409A), and, accordingly,
to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that following the Transition Date, the Company Group determines that any compensation or
benefits payable under this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A, the Company Group may adopt such amendments to this Agreement or
adopt other policies or procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions
that the Company Group determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the compensation and benefits
payable hereunder, including without limitation actions intended to (i) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement
from Section 409A, and/or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A, provided, that this Section 10 does not, and shall not be
construed so as to, create any obligation on the part of the Company Group to adopt any such amendments, policies or procedures or to
take any other such actions. In no event shall the Company Group, its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors or advisors
be liable for any taxes, interest or penalties imposed under Section 409A or any corresponding provision of state or local law.

(b) 
Any right under this Agreement to a series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) any compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement that is considered nonqualified
deferred compensation under Section 409A and is designated under this Agreement as payable upon Executives termination of employment
shall be payable only upon Executives separation from service with the Company Group within the meaning of Section
409A, to the extent required by Section 409A, and (ii) no compensation or benefits shall be paid to Executive during the six (6)-month
period following Executives separation from service with the Company Group within the meaning of Section 409A if
the Company Group determines that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Agreement would be a prohibited distribution
under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then
on the first business day following the end of such six (6)-month period (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under
Section 409A without resulting in a prohibited distribution, including as a result of Executives death), the Company Group shall
pay Executive a lump-sum amount equal to the cumulative amount that would have otherwise been payable to Executive during such period
(without interest).

(c) 
To the extent any reimbursements or in-kind benefits due to Executive under this Agreement constitute deferred compensation
to which Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) would apply, any such reimbursements or in-kind benefits shall be paid or reimbursed
reasonably promptly, but in no event later than December 31st of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred.
The amount of any such payments eligible for reimbursement in one year shall not affect the payments or expenses that are eligible for
payment or reimbursement in any other taxable year, and Executives right to such payments or reimbursements of any such expenses
shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.

8 

11. 
Withholdings and Other Deductions. All compensation payable to Executive hereunder shall be subject to such withholdings and deductions
as the Company Group is from time to time required to make pursuant to law, governmental regulation or order.

12. 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of New York, both procedural and substantive.

13. 
Waiver. The failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provision or to affect
the validity of this Agreement or the right of any party to enforce this Agreement.

14. 
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience, and are not intended to be part of, nor to affect
or alter the interpretation or meaning of, this Agreement.

15. 
Severability. If any sentence, phrase, section, subsection or portion of this Agreement is found to be illegal or unenforceable,
such action shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining sentences, phrases, sections, subsections or portions of
this Agreement, which shall remain fully valid and enforceable.

16. 
Assignment. This Agreement is personal to Executive and shall not be assignable by Executive. The rights of the Company Group
under this Agreement may be assigned by the Company Group, in its sole discretion, including to any of its affiliates or any person,
firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly, acquires
all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company Group. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding
on, the Company Group and its successors and assigns.

17. 
Ambiguities. Both parties have participated in the negotiation of this Agreement and, thus, it is understood and agreed that the
general rule that ambiguities are to be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this Agreement. In the event that any language
of this Agreement is found to be ambiguous, each party shall have an opportunity to present evidence as to the actual intent of the parties
with respect to any such ambiguous language.

18. 
Entire Agreement/Integration. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company Group concerning
the subject matter hereof and is intended by the parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, including
without limitation any prior employment agreement or offer letter between Executive and any member of the Company Group. No covenants,
agreements, representations, or warranties of any kind, other than those set forth herein, have been made to any party hereto with respect
to this Agreement. No amendments to this Agreement will be valid unless written and signed by Executive and an authorized representative
of the Company Group.

19. Consultation
with Counsel. Executive acknowledges (a) that Executive has thoroughly read and considered all aspects of this Agreement, that
Executive understands all its provisions and that Executive is voluntarily entering into this Agreement, (b) that he has been
represented by, or had the opportunity to be represented by independent counsel of his own choice in connection with the negotiation
and execution of this Agreement and has been advised to do so by the Company Group, and (c) that he has read and understands the
Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, and has entered into it freely based on his own judgment. In furtherance thereof,
upon Executives submission of appropriate verification of reasonable and customary legal fees incurred by Executive in
obtaining legal advice associated with the review, preparation, approval and execution of this Agreement, the Company Group shall
reimburse Executive for up to $15,000 in the aggregate for all such legal fees no later than thirty (30) days of receipt of an
invoice for legal services from Executive or Executives attorneys. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the opportunity to consult with Executives own independent tax advisors with
respect to the tax consequences to Executive of this Agreement and the payments hereunder, and that Executive is relying solely on
the advice of Executives independent advisors for such purposes. Any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are
to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

9 

20. 
Notices. All notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by courier or other
means of personal service (including by means of a nationally recognized courier service or professional messenger service), or sent
by email, facsimile or registered or certified mail, in all cases addressed to:

If
to Executive:

Charles
Wheeler, at his most recent address in the Company Groups personnel files

If
to the Company Group:

Greenbacker
Renewable Energy Company LLC

230 Park Avenue, Suite 1560

New York, NY, 10169

Attention:
General Counsel

All
notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed given on the date of actual receipt or delivery as evidenced by written receipt,
acknowledgement or other evidence of actual receipt or delivery to the address. Any party hereto may from time to time by notice in writing
served as set forth above designate a different address or a different or additional person to which all such notices or communications
thereafter are to be given.

PLEASE
READ CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS. EXECUTIVE AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND
VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO IT WITH THE INTENT TO BE BOUND HEREBY.

*
* * * * * * * *

10 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on March 31, 2025.

GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY COMPANY LLC

GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY CORPORATION

GREENBACKER
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

GREENBACKER
ADMINISTRATION, LLC

By: /s/
Carl Weatherley-White 

Name: Carl Weatherley-White

Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer

EXECUTIVE

By:
/s/ Charles Wheeler 

Name: Charles Wheeler

[Signature Page to Transition Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cik0001563922-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cik0001563922-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cik0001563922-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55610

Entity Registrant Name GREENBACKER
RENEWABLE ENERGY CO LLC

Entity Central Index Key 0001563922

Entity Tax Identification Number 80-0872648

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 230
Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1560

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10169

City Area Code (646)

Local Phone Number 237-7884

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://greenbackercapital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0001563922-20250331.xsd 
cik0001563922-20250331_lab.xml 
cik0001563922-20250331_pre.xml 
g084741_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001753926-25-000539-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g084741_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001563922 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001563922 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
GREENBACKER RENEWABLE ENERGY CO LLC 
DE 
000-55610 
80-0872648 
230 Park Avenue 
Suite 1560 
New York 
NY 
10169 
(646) 
237-7884 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>