<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-004747.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-004747.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221161531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-004747
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001179929
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE PLANS [6324]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				134204626
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31719
		FILM NUMBER:		25652085

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 OCEANGATE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			LONG BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90802
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5624353666

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 OCEANGATE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			LONG BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOLINA HEALTHCARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020812
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>moh20250221_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?moh20250221_8k.htm

false000117992900011799292025-02-192025-02-19

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 19, 2025

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

1-31719 

13-4204626

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

200 Oceangate, Suite 100, Long Beach, California 90802

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (562) 435-3666

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 

MOH 

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 19, 2025, Molina Healthcare, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Third Amendment to its Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement) among the Company, as the Borrower, the Lenders (as defined therein), and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender. The Amended Credit Agreement amends and restates the Companys prior Credit Agreement dated as of June 8, 2020 (as amended prior to February 19, 2025, the Prior Credit Agreement). The terms of the Amended Credit Agreement are substantially similar to the terms of the Prior Credit Agreement, except for the following changes to the Prior Credit Agreement:

A definition of Delayed Draw Commitment and a new Section 2.5 were added to reflect the establishment of a Delayed Draw Commitment under the Amended Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 and Sections 3.2 and 5.9 were revised to reflect that Delayed Draw Term Loans (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) may be drawn for general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries so long as the Company is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI of the Amended Credit Agreement;

The definition of Applicable Margin was revised to reflect that the applicable margin for the Delayed Draw Term Loans is 0.125% for base rate loans and 1.125% for SOFR based loans;

The definition of Availability Period was revised, and a definition of Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date was added, to reflect that the Delayed Draw Commitment is available on and after the closing date of the Third Amendment until (but excluding) June 19, 2025;

A definition of Delayed Draw Maturity Date was added to reflect that the Delayed Draw Term Loans will mature on February 19, 2027; and

A new Section 2.14(e) was added to reflect that a ticking fee of 0.25% per annum will be payable quarterly in arrears on the unused portion of the Delayed Draw Commitment during the Availability Period.

The foregoing description of the Amended Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits:

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1* 

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2025, by and among the Company, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain schedules (or similar attachments) to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(a)(5). The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule (or similar attachment) to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.

Date: 

February 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jeff D. Barlow

Jeff D. Barlow

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_780854.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_780854.htm

Exhibit 10.1

THIRD AMENDMENT

to

CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

February 19, 2025

among

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.,

as the Borrower,

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO,

TRUIST BANK,

as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.,

as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner

1

THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 19, 2025 (this Amendment), is entered into between Molina Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), each of the Lenders party hereto, and Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2020 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of April 26, 2023, that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of September 20, 2024, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement; the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested an incremental delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 (the Delayed Draw Term Facility and the Loans made thereunder, the Delayed Draw Term Loans) and certain other modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement; and

WHEREAS, (a) certain of the Lenders (the Delayed Draw Term Loan Lenders) have agreed to provide the Delayed Draw Commitments in the amounts set forth on Schedule I hereto and (b) the Required Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment have agreed to provide the consent in Section 2 below on the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained herein and in the Credit Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement. The Existing Credit Agreement (excluding the schedules and exhibits to the Existing Credit Agreement, except as set forth below) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. A new Exhibit 2.5 to the Credit Agreement is added to the Exhibits to read as set forth in the attached Exhibit B.

2. Consent. Pursuant to Section 11.2(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement, notwithstanding anything in Section 2.23(g) of the Existing Credit Agreement to the contrary, the Lenders party hereto (constituting Required Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the date hereof immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment), consent to the establishment of the Delayed Draw Term Facility and the making of Delayed Draw Term Loans thereunder. This consent is limited solely to the Delayed Draw Term Facility and the Delayed Draw Term Loans, and nothing contained in this Amendment shall be deemed to constitute a consent or waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement in the future, or any other rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Documents or under applicable law.

2

3. Effectiveness; Conditions Precedent. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof after each of the following conditions is satisfied:

(a) Amendment. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of counterparts of this Amendment, executed by the Borrower, each Delayed Draw Term Loan Lender, the Lenders constituting Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent.

(b) Resolutions and Certificates. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of:

(i) a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each Loan Party, attaching and certifying copies of such Loan Partys resolutions of its board of directors (or equivalent governing body), authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and certifying the name, title and true signature of each officer of such Loan Party executing this Amendment; and

(ii) certified copies of certificates of good standing or existence, as may be available from the secretary of state of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party.

(c) Opinions of Counsel. Customary written opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders, and covering such matters relating to the Loan Parties, this Amendment and the transactions contemplated herein in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d) Closing Certificate. A certificate, dated as of the date hereof and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that after giving effect to the effectiveness of this Amendment and the funding of any Delayed Draw Term Loans on the date hereof, the conditions specified in paragraph 5 below are true and correct as of the date hereof.

(e) KYC Information; Beneficial Ownership. Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date hereof, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower.

(f) Payment of Fees. Receipt by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders of any fees required to be paid on or before the date hereof pursuant to the Fee Letter.

(g) Payment of Expenses. The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable disbursements of one counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced at least one business day prior to the date hereof.

Without limiting the generality of the provisions of this Section 3, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 3, each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the date hereof specifying its objection thereto.

3

4. Amendment is a Loan Document. This Amendment shall be deemed to be, and is, a Loan Document and all references to a Loan Document in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all such references in the representations and warranties in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents) shall be deemed to include this Amendment.

5. Representations and Warranties; No Default. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank that, (a) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party contained in the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document furnished at any time under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, are true and correct in all material respects (other than any representation and warranty that is expressly qualified by materiality, in which case such representation and warranty is true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (other than any representation and warranty that is expressly qualified by materiality, in which case such representation and warranty is true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date and (b) no Default or Event of Default exists.

6. Reaffirmation of Obligations. The Borrower (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents (as amended by this Amendment) and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents, agreements and instruments executed in connection with this Amendment do not operate to reduce or discharge any Loan Partys obligations under the Loan Documents (except to the extent such obligations are modified or released pursuant to this Amendment).

7. No Other Changes. Except as modified hereby, all of the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and nothing herein shall limit or waive any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents.

8. Counterparts; Delivery. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or by any other electronic imaging means (including .pdf), shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. This Amendment may include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it.

9. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF EXCEPT FOR SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

10. The provisions of Sections 11.5 and 11.6 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Amendment to Credit Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

BORROWER: 

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.,

a Delaware corporation 

By: 

/s/ Mark L. Keim 

Name: Mark L. Keim 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.

THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 

TRUIST BANK, as Administrative Agent 

By: 

/s/ Alexandra Korchmar 

Name: Alexandra Korchmar 

Title: Vice President 

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.

THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

LENDERS: 

TRUIST BANK,

as the Issuing Bank, as Swingline Lender and as a Lender 

By: 

/s/ Alexandra Korchmar 

Name: Alexandra Korchmar 

Title: Vice President 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC 

By: 

/s/ Edward Pan 

Name: Edward Pan 

Title: Vice President 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH 

By: 

/s/ Philip Tancorra 

Name: Philip Tancorra 

Title: Director 

By: /s/ Lauren Danbury 

Name: Lauren Danbury 

Title: Vice President 

MUFG BANK, LTD. 

By: 

/s/ Brian Mattesich 

Name: Brian Mattesich 

Title: Vice President 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 

By: 

/s/ Danielle D. Babine 

Name: Danielle Babine 

Title: Executive Director 

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.

THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC 

By: 

/s/ Priyankush Goswami 

Name: Priyankush Goswami 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A. 

By: 

/s/ Westley White 

Name: Westley White 

Title: Managing Director 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK 

By: 

/s/ Joseph Hricovsky 

Name: Joseph Hricovsky 

Title: Senior Vice President 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 

/s/ David C. Mruk 

Name: David C. Mruk 

Title: SVP 

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.

THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

Exhibit A

See Attached

CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

June 8, 2020

among

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.,

as the Borrower,

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO,

TRUIST BANK,

as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.

BARCLAYS BANK PLC

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.

GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC

MUFG BANK, LTD.

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

and

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION 1

Section 1.1. Definitions 1

Section 1.2. Classifications of Loans and Borrowings 37

Section 1.3. Accounting Terms and Determination 37

Section 1.4. Terms Generally 38

Section 1.5. Letter of Credit Amounts 38

Section 1.6. Times of Day 38

Section 1.7. Interest Rate Disclaimer 38

Section 1.8. Limited Condition Acquisitions 39

ARTICLE II AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE COMMITMENTS 40

Section 2.1. General Description of Facilities 40

Section 2.2. Revolving Loans 40

Section 2.3. Procedure for Revolving Borrowings 40

Section 2.4. Swingline Commitment 41

Section 2.5. Delayed Draw Commitments 42

Section 2.6. Funding of Borrowings 42

Section 2.7. Interest Elections 43

Section 2.8. Optional Reduction and Termination of Commitments 44

Section 2.9. Repayment of Loans 44

Section 2.10. Evidence of Indebtedness 44

Section 2.11. Optional Prepayments 45

Section 2.12. Mandatory Prepayments 45

Section 2.13. Interest on Loans 46

Section 2.14. Fees 47

Section 2.15. Computation of Interest and Fees 48

Section 2.16. Inability to Determine Interest Rates; Benchmark Replacement Setting 48

Section 2.17. Illegality 50

Section 2.18. Increased Costs 51

Section 2.19. Funding Indemnity 52

Section 2.20. Taxes 52

Section 2.21. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 56

Section 2.22. Letters of Credit 58

Section 2.23. Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders 62

Section 2.24. Mitigation of Obligations 64

Section 2.25. Replacement of Lenders 64

Section 2.26. Reallocation and Cash Collateralization of Defaulting Lender Commitment 65

Section 2.27. Extension 66

ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT 67

Section 3.1. Conditions to Effectiveness 67

Section 3.2. Each Credit Event 68

Section 3.3. Delivery of Documents 69

Section 3.4. Termination of Existing Credit Facility 69

i

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 69

Section 4.1. Existence; Power 69

Section 4.2. Organizational Power; Authorization 70

Section 4.3. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 70

Section 4.4. Financial Statements 70

Section 4.5. Litigation and Environmental Matters 71

Section 4.6. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 71

Section 4.7. No Default 71

Section 4.8. Investment Company Act, Etc 72

Section 4.9. Taxes 72

Section 4.10. Margin Regulations 72

Section 4.11. ERISA 72

Section 4.12. Ownership of Property 72

Section 4.13. Disclosure 73

Section 4.14. Labor Relations 73

Section 4.15. Subsidiaries 73

Section 4.16. Solvency 74

Section 4.17. Licensing and Accreditation 74

Section 4.18. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 74

Section 4.19. Subordination of Subordinated Debt 74

Section 4.20. Medicare and Medicaid Notices and Filings Related to Business 75

Section 4.21. No Affected Financial Institutions 75

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 75

Section 5.1. Financial Statements and Other Information 75

Section 5.2. Notices of Material Events 77

Section 5.3. Existence; Conduct of Business 78

Section 5.4. Compliance with Laws, Etc 78

Section 5.5. Payment of Obligations 79

Section 5.6. Books and Records 79

Section 5.7. Visitation, Inspection, Etc 79

Section 5.8. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 79

Section 5.9. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 79

Section 5.10. Guarantees by Material Domestic Subsidiaries 80

Section 5.11. Material Licenses 80

Section 5.12. Unrestricted Subsidiaries 80

ARTICLE VI FINANCIAL COVENANTS 81

Section 6.1. Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio 81

Section 6.2. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio 81

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 81

Section 7.1. Indebtedness and Preferred Equity 81

Section 7.2. Negative Pledge 83

Section 7.3. Fundamental Changes 84

Section 7.4. Investments, Loans, Etc 85

Section 7.5. Restricted Payments 86

Section 7.6. Sale of Assets 87

Section 7.7. Transactions with Affiliates 88

Section 7.8. Restrictive Agreements 88

Section 7.9. Reserved 88

ii

Section 7.10. Hedging Transactions 89

Section 7.11. Reserved 89

Section 7.12. Amendment to Organization Documents 89

Section 7.13. Amendments and Prepayment of Other Indebtedness 89

Section 7.14. Accounting Changes 89

Section 7.15. Government Regulation 90

Section 7.16. Reserved 90

Section 7.17. Use of Proceeds 90

ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 90

Section 8.1. Events of Default 90

Section 8.2. Application of Funds 93

ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 94

Section 9.1. Appointment of Administrative Agent 94

Section 9.2. Nature of Duties of Administrative Agent 95

Section 9.3. Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent 95

Section 9.4. Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent 96

Section 9.5. Reliance by Administrative Agent 96

Section 9.6. The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity 96

Section 9.7. Successor Administrative Agent 97

Section 9.8. Withholding Tax 97

Section 9.9. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 98

Section 9.10. Authorization to Execute Other Loan Documents 98

Section 9.11. Guaranty Matters 99

Section 9.12. Documentation Agent; Syndication Agent 99

Section 9.13. Right to Enforce Guarantee 99

Section 9.14. Hedging Obligations and Bank Product Obligations 99

Section 9.15. Erroneous Payments 99

ARTICLE X THE GUARANTY 102

Section 10.1. The Guaranty 102

Section 10.2. Obligations Unconditional 102

Section 10.3. Reinstatement 103

Section 10.4. Certain Additional Waivers 103

Section 10.5. Remedies 103

Section 10.6. Rights of Contribution 103

Section 10.7. Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee 104

Section 10.8. Keepwell 104

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 104

Section 11.1. Notices 104

Section 11.2. Waiver; Amendments 107

Section 11.3. Expenses; Indemnification 109

Section 11.4. Successors and Assigns 110

Section 11.5. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 116

Section 11.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 116

Section 11.7. Right of Setoff 117

Section 11.8. Counterparts; Integration 117

Section 11.9. Survival 117

Section 11.10. Severability 118

iii

Section 11.11. Confidentiality 118

Section 11.12. Interest Rate Limitation 118

Section 11.13. Waiver of Effect of Corporate Seal 118

Section 11.14. Patriot Act 119

Section 11.15. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 119

Section 11.16. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 119

Section 11.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 120

Section 11.18. Certain ERISA Matters 120

Section 11.19. Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs 121

iv

Schedules 

Schedule I - Commitment Amounts

Schedule 2.22 - Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 4.15 - Loan Parties and Subsidiaries

Schedule 7.1 - Outstanding Indebtedness

Schedule 7.2 - Existing Liens

Schedule 7.4 - Existing Investments

Exhibits 

Exhibit 2.3 - Form of Notice of Revolving Borrowing

Exhibit 2.4 - Form of Notice of Swingline Borrowing

Exhibit 2.5 - Form of Notice of Delayed Draw Borrowing

Exhibit 2.7 - Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation

Exhibit 2.10 - Form of Note

Exhibits 2.20 (1-4) - Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

Exhibit 5.1 - Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit 5.10 - Form of Guarantor Joinder Agreement

Exhibit 11.4 - Form of Assignment and Acceptance

v

CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of June 8, 2020, by and among MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders (defined herein), and TRUIST BANK, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent), as issuing bank (the Issuing Bank) and as swingline lender (the Swingline Lender).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as administrative agent, are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of June 12, 2015 (as amended from time to time, the Existing Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended and restated in its entirety; and

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, to the extent of their respective Commitments as defined herein, are willing severally to establish the requested revolving credit facility, letter of credit subfacility and the swingline subfacility in favor of the Borrower;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.1. Definitions. In addition to the other terms defined herein, the following terms used herein shall have the meanings herein specified (to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

364 Day Bridge Senior Unsecured Indebtedness shall mean any unsecured bridge facilities incurred by the Borrower with a maturity date no greater than 364 days after the date of issuance thereof for purposes of (x) consummating any Permitted Acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder or (y) repayment of any existing Indebtedness, so long as, at the time any such unsecured bridge facility is incurred, the aggregate amount of all unsecured bridge facilities does not exceed 50% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the for the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).

2028 Senior Notes shall mean those certain 4.375% Senior Notes due 2028 issued pursuant to that certain Indenture dated as of June 2, 2020 by and between the Borrower and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee.

2030 Senior Notes shall mean those certain 3.875% Senior Notes due 2030 issued pursuant to that certain Indenture dated as of November 17, 2020 by and between the Borrower and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee.

2032 Senior Notes shall mean those certain 3.875% Senior Notes due 2032 issued pursuant to that certain Indenture dated as of November 16, 2021 by and between the Borrower and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee.

2033 Senior Notes shall mean those certain 6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 pursuant to that certain Indenture dated as of November 18, 2024 by and between the Borrower and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association.

ACA shall mean both the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010.

Acquisition shall mean (a) any Investment (or series of related Investments) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in any other Person pursuant to which such Person shall become a Subsidiary or shall be merged with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) any acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the assets of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary) that constitute all or a substantial portion of the assets of such Person or a division or business unit of such Person.

Additional Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23.

Additional Letters of Credit shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(g).

Administrative Agent shall mean Truist Bank in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.

Administrative Questionnaire shall mean, with respect to each Lender, an administrative questionnaire in the form provided by the Administrative Agent and submitted to the Administrative Agent duly completed by such Lender.

Affiliate shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person. For the purposes of this definition, Control shall mean the power, directly or indirectly, either to (i) vote 5% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of a Person or (ii) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by control or otherwise. The terms Controlling, Controlled by, and under common Control with have the meanings correlative thereto.

Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall mean the Revolving Commitments of all the Lenders at any time outstanding. On the Second Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments is $1,250,000,000.

Agreement shall mean this Credit Agreement.

Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.

Anti-Kickback Statute shall mean the Anti-kickback Statute as set forth in Section 1320a-7b of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto.

2

Applicable Lending Office shall mean, for each Lender and for each Type of Loan, the Lending Office of such Lender (or an Affiliate of such Lender) designated for such Type of Loan in the Administrative Questionnaire submitted by such Lender or such other office of such Lender (or an Affiliate of such Lender) as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the office by which its Loans of such Type are to be made and maintained.

Applicable Margin shall mean, as of any date, (a) with respect to interest on the Delayed Draw Term Loans outstanding on any date, (i) 1.125% for SOFR Loans and (ii) 0.125% for Base Rate Loans, and (b) with respect to interest on all Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans (if any) outstanding on any date or the letter of credit fee, as the case may be, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the applicable Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio in effect on such date as set forth in the table below; provided, that a change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio shall be effective on the second Business Day after which the Borrower delivers each of the financial statements required by Section 5.1(a) and (b) and the Compliance Certificate required by Section 5.1(c); provided further, that if at any time the Borrower shall have failed to deliver such financial statements and such Compliance Certificate when so required, the Applicable Margin shall be at Level 1 as set forth in the table below until the second Business Day after which such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered, at which time the Applicable Margin shall be determined as provided above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Margin from the Second Amendment Effective Date until the second Business Day after which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate for the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2024 have been delivered to the Administrative Agent shall be at Level 3 as set forth in the table below.

Level 

Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio 

SOFR Loans 

and Letter of 

Credit Fee 

Base Rate

Loans 

Commitment

Fee

1 

>3.00:1.00 

2.00% 

1.00% 

0.35%

2 

<3.00:1.00 but >2.00:1.00 

1.75% 

0.75% 

0.30%

3 

<2.00:1.00 but >1.00:1.00 

1.50% 

0.50% 

0.25%

4 

<1.00:1.00 but >0.50:1.00 

1.25% 

0.25% 

0.25%

5 

<0.50:1.00 

1.00% 

0.00% 

0.25%

In the event that any financial statement or Compliance Certificate delivered hereunder is shown to be inaccurate, and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin based upon the pricing grid set forth above (such higher Applicable Margin, the Accurate Applicable Margin) for any period that such financial statement or Compliance Certificate covered, then (i) the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent a correct financial statement or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, for such period, (ii) the Applicable Margin shall be adjusted such that after giving effect to the corrected financial statements or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, the Applicable Margin shall be reset to the Accurate Applicable Margin based upon the pricing grid set forth in the table below for such period and (iii) the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, the accrued additional interest owing as a result of such Accurate Applicable Margin for such period. The provisions of this definition shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to Section 2.13(c) or Article VIII.

The Applicable Margin for any Incremental Term Loans shall be as set forth in the appliable amendment therefor.

3

Approved Fund shall mean any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (i) a Lender, (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender or (iii) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Arrangers shall mean Truist Securities, Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA and MUFG Bank Ltd., each in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.

Asset Sale shall mean the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition of any property by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but excluding (a) the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) the sale or disposition for Fair Market Value of obsolete or worn out property or other property not necessary for operations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary disposed of in the ordinary course of business; (c) the disposition of property (including the cancellation of Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.4(d)) to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party then the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party; (d) the disposition of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; (e) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to others in the ordinary course of business or not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (f) the sale or disposition of Permitted Investments for Fair Market Value in the ordinary course of business and (g) the disposition of shares of Capital Stock of any Subsidiary in order to qualify members of the governing body of such Subsidiary if required by applicable Law.

Assignment and Acceptance shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 11.4(b)) and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit 11.4 attached hereto or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Audited Financial Statements shall mean the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, including the notes thereto.

Availability Period shall mean, (a) with respect to the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the period from the Closing Date to but excluding the Revolving Commitment Termination Date and (b) with respect to the Delayed Draw Commitments, the period from and including the Third Amendment Effective Date to but excluding the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date.

Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.16(e).

4

Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation shall mean: (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing Law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the applicable EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule; and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act of 2009 (as amended from time to time), and any other Law applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions, or any affiliates of any of the foregoing (other than through liquidation, administration, or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank Product Amount shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Bank Product Provider.

Bank Product Obligations shall mean, collectively, all obligations and other liabilities of any Loan Party to any Bank Product Provider arising with respect to any Bank Products.

Bank Product Provider shall mean any Person that (a) (i) at the time it provides any Bank Products to any Loan Party, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or (ii) has provided any Bank Products to any Loan Party that exist on the Closing Date, and such Person is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender on the Closing Date and (b) except when the Bank Product Provider is Truist Bank and its Affiliates, has provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has been acknowledged by the Borrower of the existence of such Bank Product. In no event shall any Bank Product Provider acting in such capacity be deemed a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to Bank Products except that each reference to the term Lender in Article IX and Section 11.4 shall be deemed to include such Bank Product Provider and in no event shall the approval of any such person in its capacity as Bank Product Provider be required in connection with the release or termination of any security interest or Lien of the Administrative Agent. The Bank Product Amount may be changed from time to time upon written notice to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Bank Product Provider.

Bank Products shall mean any of the following services provided to any Loan Party by any Bank Product Provider: (a) any treasury or other cash management services, including deposit accounts, automated clearing house (ACH) origination and other funds transfer, depository (including cash vault and check deposit), zero balance accounts and sweeps, return items processing, controlled disbursement accounts, positive pay, lockboxes and lockbox accounts, account reconciliation and information reporting, payables outsourcing, payroll processing, trade finance services, investment accounts and securities accounts, and (b) card services, including credit card (including purchasing card and commercial card), prepaid cards, including payroll, stored value and gift cards, merchant services processing, and debit card services.

Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate, in effect on such day, plus one-half of one percent (%) and (c) Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such dayplus one percent (1.00%). Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or Term SOFR will be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or Term SOFR, respectively.

Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR.

5

Benchmark shall mean, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.16(b).

Benchmark Replacementshall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event for the then-current Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(a) Daily Simple SOFR: and

(b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities.

Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

6

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) above with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.16.

Beneficial Ownership Certification shall mean a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan shall mean any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

7

BHC Act Affiliate of a party shall mean an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Borrowingshall mean a borrowing consisting of (a) Loans of the same Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and in the case of SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan.

Bridge Senior Unsecured Indebtedness shall mean senior unsecured Indebtedness that complies with Section 7.1(k) other than clauses (iv) and (v) thereof; provided that (a) at the initial maturity of such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall automatically convert to a term loan or exchange notes that, in each case, complies with clause (iv) of Section 7.1(k) and (b) the only prepayments such Indebtedness may have are customary mandatory redemption, mandatory repurchase or other mandatory prepayments of principal (x) in connection with a change of control and (y) with the proceeds of any issuance of Capital Stock or any issuance of Indebtedness or any sale or other disposition of property (including casualty events), in each case to the extent such proceeds are not required to be applied to prepay the Loans.

Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in Charlotte, North Carolina or New York, New York are authorized or required by Law to close.

Capital Expenditures shall mean for any period, without duplication, (a) the additions to property, plant and equipment and other capital expenditures of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are (or would be) set forth on a consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower for such period and (b) Finance Lease Liabilities incurred by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period.

Capital Stock shall mean all shares, options, warrants, general or limited partnership interests, membership interests or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, preferred stock or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a111 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).

Cash Collateralize shall mean, in respect of any obligations, to provide and pledge (as a first priority perfected security interest) cash collateral for such obligations in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent pursuant to documentation in form and substance, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and Cash Collateralization, Cash Collateral and Cash Collateralized have a corresponding meaning).

Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), of 35% or more of the outstanding shares of the voting stock of the Borrower or (b) the occurrence of a fundamental change (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, any agreement, document or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the Existing Notes or any other Material Indebtedness (other than Permitted Subordinated Debt).

8

Change in Law shall mean (a) the adoption of any applicable Law after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any applicable Law after the date of this Agreement, or (c) compliance by any Lender (or its Applicable Lending Office) or the Issuing Bank (or for purposes of Section 2.18(b), by the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, if applicable) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated thereunder, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, in each case, are deemed to have been introduced or adopted after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted or adopted.

Class,when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans or Swingline Loans and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment, Delayed Draw Commitment or a Swingline Commitment.

Closing Date shall mean the date hereof.

CMS shall mean the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or any successor or predecessor thereof.

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to time.

Commitment shall mean a Revolving Commitment, a Delayed Draw Commitment, a Swingline Commitment or an Incremental Term Loan Commitment or any combination thereof (as the context shall permit or require).

Commitment Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b).

Commodity Exchange Act shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Competitor those persons that are directly or indirectly engaged in the same or similar line of business as the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

Compliance Certificate shall mean a certificate from the principal executive officer or the principal financial officer of the Borrower in the form of, and containing the certifications set forth in, the certificate attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1.

Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.19 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

9

Connection Income Taxes shall mean Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall mean, for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, determined on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the sum of (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (b) to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period (except for the synergies component of clause (v) and the run rate component of clause (vii)), without duplication, (i) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period (other than any income tax, including any portion of the Health Insurance Providers Fee imposed by Section 9010 of the ACA, which is subject to indemnification or reimbursement from any Person other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), (iii) depreciation and amortization for such period, (iv) non-cash charges associated with stock-based compensation expenses pursuant to the financial reporting guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board concerning stock-based compensation as in effect from time to time, (v) any costs and synergies directly attributable to any Permitted Acquisition that occurred during such period (calculated on a basis that is consistent with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933) which are reflective of actual or reasonably anticipated and factually supportable synergies and cost savings expected to be realized or achieved in the twenty-four months following such Permitted Acquisition; provided, however, that for purposes of calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for any period, any such adjustments made pursuant to this clause (v) and clause (vii) below shall not increase Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA by more than 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period as calculated before giving effect to any such adjustments in this clause (v) and clause (vii) below, (vi) other extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash expenses (including any expenses as a result of any premium deficiency reserve, goodwill impairment or impairment of intangible assets, including, without limitation, impairment of capitalized software) and (vii) cash costs and expenses and run rate cost savings related to corporate restructuring or improvement plans incurred in such period; provided, that, such run rate cost savings are certified by the Borrowers chief financial officer; and provided, further, that, (A) such cost savings have resulted from actions taken by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and are factually supportable and reasonably likely to result in cost savings to be realized or achieved in the twelve months following such action and (B) for purposes of calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for any period, any such adjustments made pursuant to this clause (vii) and clause (v) above shall not increase Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA by more than 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period as calculated before giving effect to any such adjustments in this clause (vii) and clause (v) above, minus (c) to the extent added in Consolidated Net Income, any extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash income (including as a result of any premium deficiency reserve related to any health plan operated by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries).

Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges, in each case measured as of the last day of the most recently ended four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).

Consolidated Fixed Charges shall mean the sum of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense plus (b) all cash Restricted Payments (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of preferred stock or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the applicable period.

10

Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense paid in cash in each case measured as of the last day of the most recently ended four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).

Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period determined on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) total interest expense, including without limitation, (i) non-cash interest expense with respect to the Existing Notes and (ii) the interest component of any payments in respect of Finance Lease Liabilities capitalized or expensed during such period(whether or not actually paid during such period)plus (b) the net amount payable (or minus the net amount receivable) with respect to Hedging Transactions during such period (whether or not actually paid or received during such period).

Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period determined on a consolidated basis, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period but excluding therefrom (to the extent otherwise included therein) (a) any extraordinary gains or losses, (b) any gains attributable to write-ups of assets and (c) any equity interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower in the unremitted earnings of any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary.

Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio shall mean the ratio, measured as of the last day of the most recently ended four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) or (b), of (a) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date minus up to $750 million of Qualified Cash, to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).

Consolidated Total Assets shall mean the total assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter preceding such date of determination for which financial statements of the Borrower have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).

Consolidated Total Debt shall mean, as of any date, the outstanding principal amount of all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Indebtedness (including without limitation, any purchase money Indebtedness, but excluding any obligations arising under hedge agreements, performance bonds, surety bonds or similar instruments), (b) referred to in clause (e) of the definition of Indebtedness, (c) referred to in clause (f) of the definition of Indebtedness solely with respect to drawn amounts arising under Letters of Credit and (d) all guarantees of the foregoing types of debt.

Contract Provider shall mean any Person or any employee, agent or subcontractor of such Person who provides professional health care services under or pursuant to any contract or other arrangement with the Borrower or any Subsidiary.

Contractual Obligation shall mean, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

11

Covered Entity shall mean any of the following: (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); and (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Covered Party shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.19

Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) such date, if such day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (ii) if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such day, as SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion.

Debtor Relief Laws shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default shall mean any condition or event that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default.

Default Rate shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.13(c).

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

Defaulting Lender shall mean, subject to Section 2.26(b), at any time, any Lender as to which the Administrative Agent has notified the Borrower that (a) such Lender has failed for three (3) or more Business Days to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make a Loan (unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied) and/or to make a payment to the Issuing Bank in respect of a Letter of Credit or to the Swingline Lender in respect of a Swingline Loan (each a funding obligation), (b) such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, or has stated publicly, that it will not comply with any such funding obligation hereunder (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) such Lender has, for three (3) or more Business Days, failed to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent, in response to a written request of the Administrative Agent, that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder, (d) a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Lender, or (e) such Lender has become the subject of a Bail-In Action. The Administrative Agent will promptly send to all parties hereto a copy of any notice to the Borrower provided for in this definition.

12

Delayed Draw Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment on Schedule I of the Third Amendment, the obligation of such Lender to make Delayed Draw Term Loans during the Availability Period, in a principal amount not exceeding the amount set forth with respect to such Lender on Schedule I of the Third Amendment. The aggregate principal amount of all Lenders Delayed Draw Commitments as of the Third Amendment Effective Date is $500,000,000.

Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date shall mean shall mean the earliest of (i) June 19, 2025, (ii) the date on which the Delayed Draw Commitments are terminated pursuant to Section 2.8 and (iii) the date on which all amounts outstanding under this Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise).

Delayed Draw Maturity Date shall mean, with respect to the Delayed Draw Term Loans, the earlier of (a) February 19, 2027 and (b) the date on which the principal amount of all outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans have been declared or automatically have become due and payable pursuant to Section 8.1 (whether by acceleration or otherwise).

Delayed Draw Term Loans shall mean the term loans made by Lenders with a Delayed Draw Commitment to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.5.

Designated Non-cash Consideration shall mean any non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset Sale that is designated as Designated Non-cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower at the time of such Asset Sale. Any particular item of Designated Non-cash Consideration will cease to be considered to be outstanding once it has been sold for cash or Permitted Investments.

Disqualified Institutions means, as of any date, the (a) Competitors of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries identified in writing by the Borrower from time to time to the Administrative Agent, (b) any owner of the equity interests of any Competitor identified pursuant to clause (a) above to the extent such person has been specified the Borrower in writing, (c) banks, financial institutions and other persons separately identified by name in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date and (d) any affiliates thereof that meet the requirements of clauses (a) and (c) above and are obviously identifiable as such on the basis of their legal name; provided that (x) any Person that is a Lender and subsequently becomes a Disqualified Institution (but was not a Disqualified Institution on the Second Amendment Effective Date or at the time it became a Lender) shall be deemed to not be a Disqualified Institution hereunder, (y) Disqualified Institution shall exclude any Person that the Borrower has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from time to time and (z) any designation of a Disqualified Institution following the Second Amendment Effective Date shall not be effective until five (5) Business Days after such Disqualified Institution has been included in a list available to the Lenders; provided, further, that a Competitor or an affiliate thereof shall not include any bona fide debt fund or other institution that is solely engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans or similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and for which no personnel involved with the relevant competitor or affiliate of a Competitor (a) makes investment decisions or (b) has access to non-public information relating to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries.

Disqualified Stock shall mean any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date; provided, however, that only the portion of Capital Stock which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock; provided, further, however, that if such Capital Stock is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability; provided, further, that any class of Capital Stock of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of Capital Stock that is not Disqualified Stock shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock.

13

Dollar(s) and the sign $ shall mean lawful money of the United States of America.

Domestic Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States.

EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Environmental Laws shall mean all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters.

Environmental Liability shall mean any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental investigation and remediation, costs of administrative oversight, fines, natural resource damages, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any actual or alleged exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

ERISA Affiliate shall mean any trade or business (whether or not incorporated), which, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for the purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

14

ERISA Eventshall mean (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure of any Plan to meet the minimum funding standard applicable to the Plan for a plan year under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator appointed by the PBGC of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.

Erroneous Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(a).

Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall have the meaning set forth in Section9.15(d).

Erroneous Payment Impacted Class shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(d).

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(d).

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(d).

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time.

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in ArticleVIII.

Excluded Swap Obligation shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the Guaranty of such Guarantor, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, in determining whether any Guarantor is an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act, the keepwell agreement set forth in Section 10.8 shall be taken into account. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Hedging Transaction, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Hedging Transactions for which such Guaranty or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition.

15

Excluded Taxesshall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Applicable Lending Office in the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.25) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.20, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.20(g) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Exclusion Event shall mean an event or related events resulting in the exclusion of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from participation in any Medical Reimbursement Program.

Existing Letters of Credit shall mean the letters of credit issued and outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth on Schedule 2.22.

Existing Notes shall mean each of the 2028 Senior Notes, the 2030 Senior Notes, the 2032 Senior Notes and the 2033 Senior Notes.

Extended Commitments shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Extension Permitted Amendment.

Extended Loans shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Extension Permitted Amendment.

Extending Lenders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.27(a).

Extension Agreement shall mean an Extension Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and one or more Extending Lenders, effecting an Extension Permitted Amendment and such other amendments hereto and to the other Loan Documents as are contemplated by Section 2.27.

Extension Offer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.27(a).

Extension Permitted Amendment shall mean an amendment to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, effected in connection with an Extension Offer pursuant to Section 2.27, providing for an extension of the Revolving Commitment Termination Date or maturity date applicable to the Extending Lenders Loans and/or Commitments of the applicable Extension Request Class (such Loans or Commitments being referred to as the Extended Loans or Extended Commitments, as applicable) and, in connection therewith, (a) any increase or decrease in the rate of interest accruing on such Extended Loans, (b) any increase in the fees payable to, or the inclusion of new fees to be payable to, the Extending Lenders in respect of such Extension Offer or their Extended Loans or Extended Commitments, (c) such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as shall be appropriate, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, to provide the rights and benefits of this Agreement and other Loan Documents to each new class of loans and/or commitments resulting therefrom and (d) any additional amendments to the terms of this Agreement applicable to the applicable Loans and/or Commitments of the Extending Lenders that are (i) less favorable to such Extending Lenders than the terms of this Agreement prior to giving effect to such Extension Permitted Amendments (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) or (ii) applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date (determined prior to giving effect to such Extension Permitted Amendment).

16

Extension Request Class shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.27(a).

Fair Market Value shall mean, with respect to any Asset Sale, Restricted Payment or other item, the price that would be negotiated in an arms-length transaction for cash between a willing seller and a willing and able buyer, neither of which is under any compulsion to complete the transaction, as such price is determined in good faith by an officer of the Borrower.

FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.

Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with member banks of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the next succeeding Business Day or, if such rate is not so published for any Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1% of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Letter shall mean, collectively, (i) that certain fee letter dated as of May 27, 2020, executed by Truist Securities, Inc. (formerly SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.) and Truist Bank and accepted by the Borrower, solely with respect to the fronting fee set forth therein, (ii) that certain fee letter dated as of August 14, 2024, executed by Truist Securities, Inc. and Truist Bank and accepted by the Borrower and (iii) that certain fee letter dated as of February 13, 2025, executed by Truist Securities, Inc. and accepted by the Borrower.

Finance Lease Liabilities of any Person shall mean all obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) of real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as finance leases on a balance sheet of such Person, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, Finance Lease Liabilities are subject to Section 1.3(b).

Fiscal Quarter shall mean any fiscal quarter of the Borrower.

Fiscal Year shall mean any fiscal year of the Borrower.

Floor shall mean a rate of interest equal to 0.00% per annum.

17

Foreign Lendershall mean (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis and subject to the terms of Section 1.3.

Governmental Authority shall mean the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor) shall mean any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly and including any obligation, direct or indirect, of the guarantor (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (iv) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued in support of such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not so stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantor Joinder Agreement shall mean a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit 5.10 executed and delivered by a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.10 or any other documents as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for such purpose.

Guarantors shall mean, collectively, (a) each Person that joins as a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.10 or otherwise after the Closing Date, (b) with respect to (i) any Hedging Obligations between any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) and any Lender-Related Hedge Provider that are permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.10 and any Bank Product Obligations owing by any Loan Party (other than the Borrower), the Borrower and (ii) the payment and performance by each Specified Loan Party of its obligations under its Guaranty with respect to all Swap Obligations, the Borrower, and (c) the successors and permitted assigns of the foregoing.

Guaranty shall mean the Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, pursuant to Article X.

Hazardous Materials shall mean all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

18

Hedging Obligations of any Person shall mean any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired under (a) any and all Hedging Transactions, (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Hedging Transactions and (c) any and all renewals, extensions and modifications of any Hedging Transactions and any and all substitutions for any Hedging Transactions.

Hedging Transaction of any Person shall mean (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) now existing or hereafter entered into by such Person that is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap or option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, spot transaction, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

HHS shall mean the United States Department of Health and Human Services and any successor thereof.

HIPAA shall mean the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-191, Aug. 21, 1996, 110 Stat. 1936, and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto.

HITECH Act shall mean the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, Title XIII of Division A and Title IV of Division B of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), Pub. L. 111-5, Feb. 17, 2009, and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto.

HMO shall mean any health maintenance organization or managed care organization, including without limitation any organized delivery system or utilization review organization, any Person doing business as a health maintenance organization or managed care organization, or any Person required to qualify or be licensed as a health maintenance organization or managed care organization under applicable law (including HMO Regulations).

HMO Business shall mean the business of operating an HMO or other similar regulated entity or business.

HMO Event shall mean (i) any non-compliance by the Borrower or any of its HMO Subsidiaries with any of the material terms and provisions of the HMO Regulations pertaining to its fiscal soundness, solvency or financial conditions that is materially adverse to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; or (ii) the assertion in writing, after the date hereof, by any HMO Regulator that it intends to take administrative action against the Borrower or any of its HMO Subsidiaries to revoke or modify in a manner materially adverse to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, any material license, material charter or material permit or to enforce the fiscal soundness, solvency or financial provisions or requirements of the HMO Regulations against the Borrower or any or its HMO Subsidiaries.

19

HMO Regulations shall mean all laws, rules, regulations, directives and administrative orders applicable under Federal or state law to any HMO Subsidiary, including Part 422 of Chapter IV of Title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations and Subchapter XI of Chapter 6A of Title 42 of the United Stated Code Annotated (and any regulations, orders and directives promulgated or issued pursuant thereto, including Part 417 of Chapter IV of Title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations).

HMO Regulator shall mean any Person charged with the administration, oversight or enforcement of any HMO Regulation, whether primarily, secondarily or jointly.

HMO Subsidiary shall mean (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is designated as an HMO Subsidiary on Schedule 4.15, (b) any other Domestic Subsidiary that shall become capitalized or licensed as an HMO, shall conduct HMO Business or shall provide managed care services and (c) any other Domestic Subsidiary, substantially all the assets of which consist of Capital Stock of a HMO Subsidiary described in clause (a) or (b) above.

Incremental Term Loan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23.

Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall mean, with respect to Persons identified as an Incremental Term Loan Lender in the applicable supplement or joinder in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with their respective successors and assigns, the commitment of such Person to make the Incremental Term Loan hereunder pursuant to such supplement or joinder; provided that, at any time after the funding of the Incremental Term Loan, determination of Required Lenders shall include the outstanding principal amount of the Incremental Term Loan.

Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business; provided, that for purposes of Section 8.1(g), trade payables overdue by more than 120 days shall be included in this definition except to the extent that any of such trade payables are being disputed in good faith and by appropriate measures), (d) all obligations of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement(s) relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all Finance Lease Liabilities of such Person, (f) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of letters of credit, acceptances or similar extensions of credit, (g) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, to purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value any Capital Stock of such Person, (h) Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities, (i) the Hedge Termination Value of all Hedging Obligations, (j) all Guarantees of such Person of the type of Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (i) above and (k) all Indebtedness of a third party secured by any Lien on property owned by such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person.The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent that the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.

Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.

Insurance Subsidiary shall mean (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is engaged in the insurance business, assumes financial risk and that is regulated by the relevant Governmental Authority and (b) any other Domestic Subsidiary, substantially all the assets of which consist of Capital Stock of an Insurance Subsidiary described in clause (a) above.

20

Interest Period shall mean, with respect to any SOFR Borrowing, a period of one, three or six months (in each case, subject to availability); provided, that

(a) the initial Interest Period for such Borrowing shall commence on the date of such Borrowing (including the date of any conversion from a Borrowing of another Type), and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence on the day on which the next preceding Interest Period expires;

(b) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period would end on the next preceding Business Day;

(c) any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such calendar month;

(d) no Interest Period may extend beyond the later of the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, the Delayed Draw Maturity Date or the Latest Maturity Date, as applicable; and

(e) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section2.16(e) shall be available for specification in a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation.

Interim Financial Statements shall mean the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2020, including balance sheets and statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows.

Investments shall mean, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) purchase or other acquisition of any Capital Stock of another Person, (b) a loan, advance, other evidence of indebtedness or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other indebtedness or equity participation or interest in, another Person, or (c) an Acquisition. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.

IRS shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Issuer Documents shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the Issuing Bank and any Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of Credit.

Issuing Bank shall mean Truist Bank in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit.

21

Latest Maturity Date shall mean, at any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Incremental Term Loan.

Laws or Law shall mean, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.

LC Commitment shall mean that portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments that may be used by the Borrower for the issuance of Letters of Credit in an aggregate face amount not to exceed $100,000,000.

LC Disbursement shall mean a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

LC Documents shall mean all applications, agreements and instruments relating to the Letters of Credit but excluding the Letters of Credit.

LC Exposure shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender shall be its Pro Rata Share of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices 1998, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.

Lender Insolvency Event shall mean that (a) a Lender or its Parent Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (b) a Lender or its Parent Company is the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, custodian or the like has been appointed for such Lender or its Parent Company, or such Lender or its Parent Company has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or (c) a Lender or its Parent Company has been adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets to be, insolvent; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Lender Insolvency Event shall not be deemed to have occurred solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in or control of a Lender or a Parent Company thereof by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof.

Lender-Related Hedge Provider shall mean any Person that, (a) (i) at the time it enters into a Hedging Transaction with any Loan Party, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or (ii) has entered into a Hedging Transaction with any Loan Party that exists on the Closing Date, and such Person is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender on the Closing Date and (b) except when the Lender-Related Hedge Provider is Truist Bank and its Affiliates, has provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has been acknowledged by the Borrower of (x) the existence of such Hedging Transaction, and (y) the methodology to be used by such parties in determining the obligations under such Hedging Transaction from time to time. In no event shall any Lender-Related Hedge Provider acting in such capacity be deemed a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to Hedging Obligations except that each reference to the term Lender in Article IX and Section 11.4 shall be deemed to include such Lender-Related Hedge Provider. In no event shall the approval of any such Person in its capacity as Lender-Related Hedge Provider be required in connection with the release or termination of any security interest or Lien of the Administrative Agent. No new Hedging Transactions may be established at any time that a Default or Event of Default exists.

22

Lenders shall mean each of the Persons identified as a Lender on the signature pages hereto and each Additional Lender that joins this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.23 and their successors and assigns and shall include, where appropriate, the Swingline Lender.

Letter of Credit shall mean any stand-by letter of credit issued pursuant to Section 2.22 by the Issuing Bank for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to the LC Commitment.

Letter of Credit Application shall mean an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by Issuing Bank.

Letter of Credit Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(c).

Leverage Increase Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, encumbrance, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, or other arrangement having the practical effect of any of the foregoing or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Limited Condition Acquisition means any Acquisition whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing.

Loan Documents shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the LC Documents, the Fee Letter, all Notices of Borrowing, all Notices of Conversion/Continuation, all Compliance Certificates, all Issuer Documents, any promissory notes issued hereunder and any and all other instruments, agreements, documents and writings executed in connection with any of the foregoing.

Loan Parties shall mean, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor.

Loans shall mean all Revolving Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans, Swingline Loans and Incremental Term Loans (if any) in the aggregate or any of them, as the context shall require.

Master Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Hedging Transaction.

Material Adverse Effect shall mean any event, circumstances or condition that has had a material adverse effect on, (a) the business, results of operations, financial condition, assets or liabilities of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform any of their respective payment obligations under the Loan Documents, (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender, and the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents or (d) the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents.

23

Material Contract shall mean any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that the termination of such Contractual Obligation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Material Domestic Subsidiary shall mean any Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an HMO Subsidiary, an Insurance Subsidiary, or any Subsidiary which is required by Law to maintain levels of solvency, or capital, or net assets that would not be achieved if it provided a full and unconditional guaranty of the Obligations) which, as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) (the Test Date), has (a) revenues in excess of 5.0% of the Borrowers consolidated revenues for the twelve month period preceding the Test Date or (b) total assets in excess of 5.0% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the Test Date; provided, that if at any time all Domestic Subsidiaries (other than an HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) that are not Guarantors account in the aggregate for greater than (i) ten percent (10%) of the Borrowers consolidated revenues for the twelve month period preceding any Test Date or (ii) ten percent (10%) of Consolidated Total Assets as of any Test Date, then the Borrower shall cause one or more of such Domestic Subsidiaries to become Guarantors pursuant to Section 5.10 such that immediately thereafter the remaining Domestic Subsidiaries (other than an HMO Subsidiary, an Insurance Subsidiary or any Subsidiary which is required by Law to maintain levels of solvency, or capital, or net assets that would not be achieved if it provided a full and unconditional guaranty of the Obligations) that are not Guarantors shall not exceed either threshold set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of this proviso. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Molina Healthcare Data Center, Inc., a New Mexico corporation (Data Center), shall not be a Material Domestic Subsidiary so long as Data Center has any amounts subject to tax recapture as a result of its participation in the U.S. federal governments New Market Tax Credit Program.

Material Indebtedness shall mean any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit) and Hedging Obligations of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, individually or in an aggregate committed or outstanding principal amount exceeding $100,000,000. For purposes of determining the amount of attributed Indebtedness from Hedging Obligations, the principal amount of any Hedging Obligations at any time shall be the Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of such Hedging Obligations.

Material License shall mean (i) as to any Person, any license, permit authorization or consent from a Governmental Authority or other Person and any registration, notice of filing with a Governmental Authority or other Person which if not obtained, held or made would have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) as to any other Person who is a party to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, any license, permit, authorization or consent from a Governmental Authority or other Person and any registration, notice or filing with a Governmental Authority or other Person that is necessary for the execution or performance by such party, or the validity or enforceability against such party, of this Agreement or such other Loan Document.

Medicaid shall mean that means-tested entitlement program under Title XIX of the Social Security Act, which provides Federal grants to States for medical assistance based on specific eligibility criteria, as set forth at Section 1396, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto.

Medicaid Regulations shall mean (a) all Federal statutes (whether set forth in Title XIX of the Social Security Act or elsewhere) affecting the medical assistance program established by Title XIX of the Social Security Act and any statues succeeding thereto, (b) all applicable provisions of all Federal rules, regulations, manuals and orders of all Governmental Authorities promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statues described in clause (a) above and all Federal administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines of all Governmental Authorities having the force of law promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statues described in clause (a) above, (c) all state statutes and plans for medical assistance enacted in connection with the statutes and provisions described in clauses (a) and (b) above, and (d) all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals and orders of all Governmental Authorities promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (c) above and all state administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines of all Governmental Authorities having the force of law promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (b) above, in each case as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

24

Medical Reimbursement Programs shall mean, collectively, the Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE programs and any other health care program operated by or financed in whole or in part by any foreign or domestic Federal, state or local government and any other non-government funded thirty-party payor programs to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is subject.

Medicare shall mean that government-sponsored entitlement program under Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, which provides for a health insurance system for eligible elderly and disabled individuals, as set forth at Section 1395, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto.

Medicare Regulations shall mean, collectively, (a) all Federal statues (whether set forth in Title XVIII of the Social Security Act or elsewhere) affecting the health insurance program for the aged and disabled established by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act and any statues succeeding thereto and (b) all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals and orders and administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines having the force of law of all Governmental Authorities (including CMS, the OIG, HHS or any person succeeding to the functions of any of the foregoing) promulgated pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing having the force of law, as each may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Moodys shall mean Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor to the ratings agency business thereof.

Multiemployer Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower makes or is obligated to make contributions or with respect to which Borrower has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate).

Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of any Person shall mean, as of any date of determination with respect to any Hedging Obligation, the excess (if any) of all unrealized losses over all unrealized profits of such Person arising from such Hedging Obligation. Unrealized losses shall mean the fair market value of the cost to such Person of replacing the Hedging Transaction giving rise to such Hedging Obligation as of the date of determination (assuming the Hedging Transaction were to be terminated as of that date), and unrealized profits means the fair market value of the gain to such Person of replacing such Hedging Transaction as of the date of determination (assuming such Hedging Transaction were to be terminated as of that date).

Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.

Non-Recourse Debt shall mean, Indebtedness: (a) as to which neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) provides credit support of any kind (including any undertaking, agreement or instrument that would constitute Indebtedness), (ii) is directly or indirectly liable as a guarantor or otherwise, or (iii) constitutes the lender; and (b) as to which the lenders have been notified in writing that they will not have any recourse to the stock or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case other than with respect to the pledge of Capital Stock of any obligor securing such Indebtedness.

25

Note shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(b).

Notices of Borrowing shall mean, collectively, the Notices of Revolving Borrowing, the Notices of Delayed Draw Borrowing and the Notices of Swingline Borrowing.

Notice of Conversion/Continuationshall mean the notice given by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in respect of the conversion or continuation of an outstanding Borrowing as provided in Section 2.7(b).

Notice of Delayed Draw Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b).

Notice of Revolving Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.

Notice of Swingline Borrowingshall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

Obligations shall mean, collectively, (a) all amounts owing by the Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) or the Arrangers pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit including without limitation, all principal, interest (including any interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), all reimbursement obligations, fees, expenses, indemnification and reimbursement payments, costs and expenses (including all fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) incurred pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, now existing or hereafter arising hereunder or thereunder, (b) all Hedging Obligations owed by any Loan Party to any Lender-Related Hedge Provider permitted by Section 7.10, and (c) all Bank Product Obligations, together with all renewals, extensions, modifications or refinancings of any of the foregoing; provided, that Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor.

OFAC shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities of any Person shall mean (i) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability of such Person under any sale and leaseback transactions, including (x) the sale and leaseback of the Molina Center located in Long Beach California, and the Ohio health plan office building located in Columbus, Ohio and (y) any other sale and leaseback transactions, whether or not such transactions create a liability on the balance sheet of such Person, (iii) any Synthetic Lease Obligation or (iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person.

OIG shall mean the Office of Inspector General of HHS and any successor thereof.

Organization Documents shall mean, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

26

OSHA shall mean the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.25).

Parent Company shall mean, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Regulation Y), if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such Lender.

Participant shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(d).

Participant Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(e).

Payment Office shall mean the office of the Administrative Agent located at 3333 Peachtree Road, NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30326, or such other location as to which the Administrative Agent shall have given written notice to the Borrower and the other Lenders.

Payment Recipient shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(a).

PBGCshall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA, and any successor entity performing similar functions.

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permitted Acquisition shall mean an Investment or a series of related Investments consisting of an Acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, provided that (a) subject, in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition in accordance with Section 1.8, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such Acquisition, (b) the property acquired (or the property of the Person acquired) in such Acquisition is used or useful in the same or a similar, ancillary or related line of business as the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries were engaged in on the Closing Date (or any reasonable extensions or expansions thereof), (c) in the case of an Acquisition of the Capital Stock of another Person, the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of such other Person shall have duly approved such Acquisition, (d) subject, in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition in accordance with Section 1.8, if the consideration for such Acquisition exceeds 15.0% of Consolidated Total Assets immediately prior to giving effect to such Acquisition, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate demonstrating that after giving effect to such Acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b), and (e) subject, in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition in accordance with Section 1.8, the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in each Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as if made as of the date of such Acquisition (after giving effect thereto).

27

Permitted Encumbrances shall mean:

(a) Liens imposed by Law for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP;

(b) statutory Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and other Liens imposed by Law in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP;

(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security Laws or regulations;

(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(e) judgment and attachment liens not giving rise to a Default or an Event of Default or Liens created by or existing from any litigation or legal proceeding that are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP;

(f) customary rights of set-off, revocation, refund or chargeback under deposit agreements or under the Uniform Commercial Code or common law of banks or other financial institutions where Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries maintains deposits (other than deposits intended as cash collateral) in the ordinary course of business; and

(g) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by Law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

provided, that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness.

Permitted Investments shall mean:

28

(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(b) commercial paper having the highest rating, at the time of acquisition thereof, of S&P or Moodys and in either case maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof;

(c) certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days of the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the Laws of the United States or any state thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000;

(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above;

(e) mutual funds investing solely in any one or more of the Permitted Investments described in clauses (a) through (d) above;

(f) investments by an HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary in all cases of the types and in the amounts (i) that qualify as Admitted Assets (or the substantive equivalent thereof under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction) as determined by such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiarys Primary Regulator, (ii) in the case of jurisdictions outside the United States, assets that are permissible investments for such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary pursuant to the regulatory regime administrated by the Primary Regulator and (iii) that at the time such investment was made qualified as Admitted Assets (or the substantive equivalent thereof under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction) as determined by such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiarys Primary Regulator at such time, but no longer qualify as Admitted Assets (or the substantive equivalent thereof under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction), provided that the aggregate value of Investments permitted to be outstanding at any one time in reliance on this clause (iii) shall not exceed an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate total fair market value of all Admitted Assets (or the substantive equivalent thereof under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction) as determined by such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiarys Primary Regulator, in each case measured as of the most recently completed fiscal quarter for which financial statements prepared in accordance with statutory accounting standards are available; and

(g) investments made in accordance with the Borrowers Investment Policy dated as of January 30, 2019,which has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent.

Permitted Subordinated Debt shall mean any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary evidenced by the Subordinated Debt Documents or otherwise on terms and (including without limitation subordination provisions) acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders.

Person shall mean any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, association, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or other entity, or any Governmental Authority.

29

Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.

Primary Regulator shall mean the state regulator having primary jurisdiction over the relevant HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary.

Prime Rate shall mean the rate which the Administrative Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate. The Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer. The Administrative Agent may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Prime Rate.

Pro Forma Basis shall mean, for purposes of calculating compliance with respect to any Asset Sale, Recovery Event, Acquisition, Restricted Payment or incurrence of Indebtedness, or any other transaction subject to calculation on a Pro Forma Basis as indicated herein, that such transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the period of four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b). For purposes of any such calculation in respect of any Acquisition, (a) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with such transaction that is not retired in connection with such transaction (i) shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable period and (ii) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination, (b) income statement items (whether positive or negative) and Capital Expenditures attributable to the Person or property acquired shall be included beginning as of the first day of the applicable period and (c) no adjustments for unrealized synergies shall be included.

Pro Forma Compliance Certificate shall mean a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower containing reasonably detailed calculations of the financial covenants set forth in Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) after giving effect to the applicable transaction on a Pro Forma Basis.

Pro Rata Share shall mean (a) with respect to any Commitment of any Lender at any time, a percentage, the numerator of which shall be such Lenders Commitment (or if such Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure or a portion of the Delayed Draw Term Loan, as applicable), and the denominator of which shall be the sum of such Commitments of all Lenders (or if such Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, all Revolving Credit Exposure or the Delayed Draw Term Loans, as applicable, of all Lenders) and (b) with respect to all Commitments of any Lender at any time, the numerator of which shall be the sum of such Lenders Revolving Commitment and Delayed Draw Commitment (or if such Revolving Commitments or Delayed Draw Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure and portion of the Delayed Draw Term Loans) and the denominator of which shall be the sum of all Lenders Revolving Commitments and Delayed Draw Commitments (or if such Revolving Commitments or Delayed Draw Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, all Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders funded under such Commitments and Delayed Draw Term Loans).

30

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.19.

Qualified Acquisition means an Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions for which the cash portion of the consideration (including assumed Indebtedness) paid by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries for such Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions exceeds $500,000,000.

Qualified Cash shall mean cash or Permitted Investments of the Borrower (a) that does not appear (or would not be required to appear) as restricted on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and (b) that is not subject to a Lien (other than Liens of the type described in Sections 7.2(a) and (i)).

Qualified ECP Guarantor shall mean, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other Loan Party as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Recipient shall mean (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank as applicable.

Recovery Event shall mean any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking for public use of, any property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary.

Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(c).

RegulationD shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations.

RegulationT shall mean Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations.

RegulationU shall mean Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations.

RegulationX shall mean Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations.

RegulationY shall mean Regulation Y of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and any successor regulations.

Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors or other representatives of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Release shall mean any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or within any building, structure, facility or fixture.

31

Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successors thereto.

Required Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Commitments, Delayed Draw Commitments and the Delayed Draw Term Loans at such time or, if the Lenders have no Commitments outstanding, then Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure and the Delayed Draw Term Loans; provided that to the extent that any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender and all of its Revolving Commitments, Delayed Draw Commitments, Revolving Credit Exposure and Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be excluded for purposes of determining Required Lenders.

Required Revolving Lenders shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Commitments at such time or, if the Lenders have no Revolving Commitments outstanding, then Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure; provided that to the extent that any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender and all of its Revolving Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure shall be excluded for purposes of determining Required Revolving Lenders.

Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority, or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer shall mean, with respect to any Person, any of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, president, chief accounting officer, chief legal officer, any executive vice president, senior vice president or vice president, the treasurer or the secretary or such other representative of such Person as may be designated in writing by any one of the foregoing with the consent of the Administrative Agent; and, with respect to the financial covenants only, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer or the treasurer of such Person.

Restricted Investment shall mean any Investment other than an Investment permitted under Section 7.4.

Restricted Payment shall mean (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Capital Stock of any Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Capital Stock or on account of any return of capital to such Persons stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment, (b) any payment on, or with respect to, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, acquisition or retirement for value of any Permitted Subordinated Debt (excluding any intercompany Indebtedness between or among the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), other than a payment of interest or principal to the extent permitted under Section 7.13 and (c) any Restricted Investment.

Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

Revolving Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the amount set forth with respect to such Lender on Schedule I, as such schedule may be amended pursuant to Section 2.23, or in the case of a Person becoming a Lender after the Closing Date, the amount of the assigned Revolving Commitment as provided in the Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Person as an assignee, or the joinder executed by such Person, in each case as such commitment may subsequently be increased or decreased pursuant to terms hereof.

32

Revolving Commitment Termination Date shall mean the earliest of (i) September 20, 2029, (ii) the date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated pursuant to Section 2.8 and (iii) the date on which all amounts outstanding under this Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise).

Revolving Credit Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure.

Revolving Loan shall mean a loan made by a Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) to the Borrower under its Revolving Commitment, which may either be a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan.

S&P shall mean Standard & Poors Ratings Service, or any successor to the ratings agency business thereof.

Sanctioned Country shall mean, at any time, a country, region or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions.

Sanctioned Person shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled by any such Person.

Sanctions shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other applicable governmental authority.

SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second Amendment Effective Date means September 20, 2024.

Social Security Act shall mean the Social Security Act of 1965 as set forth in Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any successor statute thereto, as interpreted by the rules and regulations issued thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References of section of the Social Security Act shall be construed to refer to any successor sections.

SOFR shall mean a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

33

SOFR Borrowing shall mean a Loan or Loans comprising a Borrowing that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate.

SOFR Loan shall mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate.

Solvent shall mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including subordinated and contingent liabilities, of such Person; (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts and liabilities, including subordinated and contingent liabilities as they become absolute and matured; (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature; (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital; (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business and (f) such Person does not intend, in any transaction, to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors or any other person to which such Person is or will become, through such transaction, indebted. The amount of contingent liabilities (such as litigation, guaranties and pension plan liabilities) at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at the time, represents the amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.1(a), (b), (h) or (i).

Specified Loan Party shall mean each Loan Party that is, at the time on which the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest under the Loan Documents by such Loan Party becomes effective with respect to a Swap Obligation, a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust or other entity that would not be an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act at such time but for the effect of Section 10.8.

Subordinated Debt Documents shall mean all indentures, agreements, notes, guaranties and other material agreements governing or evidencing any Permitted Subordinated Debt and all other material documents relating thereto.

Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person (the parent), any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power, or in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to Subsidiary hereunder shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower.

Supported QFC shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.19.

Swap Obligations shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

34

Swingline Commitment shall mean the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $15,000,000.

Swingline Exposure shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the principal amount of the Swingline Loans in which such Lender is legally obligated either to make a Base Rate Loan or to purchase a participation in accordance with Section 2.4, which shall equal such Lenders Pro Rata Share of all outstanding Swingline Loans.

Swingline Lender shall mean Truist Bank in its capacity as provider of Swingline Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder.

Swingline Loan shall mean a loan made to the Borrower by the Swingline Lender under the Swingline Commitment.

Synthetic Lease shall mean a lease transaction under which the parties intend that (i) the lease will be treated as an operating lease by the lessee pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Sections 840-10 and 840-20, as amended and (ii) the lessee will be entitled to various tax and other benefits ordinarily available to owners (as opposed to lessees) of like property.

Synthetic Lease Obligations shall mean, with respect to any Person, the sum of (i) all remaining rental obligations of such Person as lessee under Synthetic Leases which are attributable to principal and, without duplication, (ii) all rental and purchase price payment obligations of such Person under such Synthetic Leases assuming such Person exercises the option to purchase the lease property at the end of the lease term.

Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax, or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR shall mean,

(a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, that if as of 5:00 p.m. on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

(b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if as of 5:00 p.m. on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day;

35

provided, that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Term SOFR Administrator shall mean the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Third Amendment shall mean that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, each of the lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent.

Third Amendment Effective Date means February 19, 2025.

Trading with the Enemy Act shall mean the Trading with the Enemy Act of the United States of America (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), as amended and in effect from time to time.

TRICARE shall mean the United States Department of Defense health care programs for active duty military, active duty service families, retirees and their families and other beneficiaries, including TRICARE Prime and TRICARE Standard, and any successor or predecessor thereof.

Truist shall mean Truist Bank and its successors.

Type, when used in reference to a Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Term SOFR or the Base Rate.

UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall mean the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

United States or U.S. shall mean the United States of America.

36

Unrestricted Subsidiary shall mean (a) any Subsidiary that is designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of the Borrower and (b) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, but in each case, only to the extent that such Subsidiary:

(a) has no Indebtedness other than Non-Recourse Debt;

(b) except as permitted by Section 7.7, is not party to any agreement, contract, arrangement or understanding with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary unless the terms of any such agreement, contract, arrangement or understanding are not less favorable in any material respect to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons who are not Affiliates of the Borrower;

(c) is a Person with respect to which neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has any direct or indirect obligation to (x) subscribe for additional Capital Stock or (y) maintain or preserve such Persons financial condition or cause such Person to achieve any specified levels of operating results; and

(d) has not Guaranteed or otherwise directly or indirectly provided credit support for any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.

Any Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the board of directors of the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall also be an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person shall mean any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.19.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(g).

Withdrawal Liability shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

Withholding Agent shall mean any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean: (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule; and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution, or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it, or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability, or any of the powers under that Bail-In legislation that are related or ancillary to any of those powers.

37

Section 1.2. Classifications of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g. a Revolving Loan or Delayed Draw Term Loan) or by Type (e.g. a SOFR Loan or Base Rate Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g. Revolving SOFR Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g. Revolving Borrowing or Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing) or by Type (e.g. SOFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g. Revolving SOFR Borrowing).

Section 1.3. Accounting Terms and Determination.

(a) Unless otherwise defined or specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared, in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent with the most recent audited consolidated financial statement of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a); provided, that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend any covenant in Article VI to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP on the operation of such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders wish to amend Article VI for such purpose), then the Borrowers compliance with such covenant shall be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification Section 825-10 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party at "fair value", as defined therein. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above.

(c) Notwithstanding the above, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that all calculations of the financial covenants in Article VI (including for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin and any transaction that by the terms of this Agreement requires that any financial covenant contained in Article VI be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis) shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis with respect to any Asset Sale, Recovery Event, an increase in the Revolving Commitments and/or establishment of an Incremental Term Loan, or Acquisition occurring during such period.

Section 1.4. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the word to means to but excluding. Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as it was originally executed or as it may from time to time be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and permitted assigns, (iii) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import shall be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof, (iv) all references to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement, (v) all references to a specific time shall be construed to refer to the time in the city and state of the Administrative Agents principal office, unless otherwise indicated and (vi) any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any limited liability company resulting from a division shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

38

Section 1.5. Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.

Section 1.6. Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).

Section 1.7. Interest Rate Disclaimer. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

39

Section 1.8. Limited Condition Acquisitions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require (a) compliance with any basket, financial ratio or test (including any Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio test or any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test), (b) the absence of a Default or an Event of Default, or (c) a determination as to whether the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers), in each case in connection with the consummation of a Limited Condition Acquisition and any related incurrence of an Incremental Term Loan, the determination of whether the relevant condition is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Borrower, (A) on the date of the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such Limited Condition Acquisition (such date, the LCA Test Date), or (B) on the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated, in either case, after giving effect to the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition and any related incurrence of an Incremental Term Loan, on a Pro Forma Basis; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with any Limited Condition Acquisition: (1) the condition set forth in clause (b)(i) of the definition of Permitted Acquisition shall be satisfied if (x) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the applicable LCA Test Date, and (y) no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition; (2) if the proceeds of an Incremental Term Loan are being used to finance such Limited Condition Acquisition, then (x) the conditions set forth in clause (b)(v) of the definition Permitted Acquisition), Section 2.23(d) and Section 3.2(b) shall be required to be satisfied at the time of closing of the Limited Condition Acquisition and funding of such Incremental Term Loan but, if the lenders providing such Incremental Term Loan so agree, the representations and warranties which must be accurate at the time of closing of the Limited Condition Acquisition and funding of such Incremental Term Loan may be limited to customary specified representations and such other representations and warranties as may be required by the lenders providing such Incremental Term Loan, and (y) the conditions set forth in Section 2.23(c) shall, if and to the extent the lenders providing such Incremental Term Loan so agree, be satisfied if (I) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the applicable LCA Test Date, and (II) no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the funding of such Incremental Term Loan in connection with the consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition; and (3) such Limited Condition Acquisition and the related Incremental Term Loan to be incurred in connection therewith and the use of proceeds thereof shall be deemed incurred and/or applied at the LCA Test Date (until such time as such Incremental Term Loan is actually incurred or the applicable definitive agreement is terminated without actually consummating the applicable Limited Condition Acquisition) and outstanding thereafter for purposes of determining compliance on a Pro Forma Basis (other than for purposes of determining compliance on a Pro Forma Basis in connection with the making of any Restricted Payment or the prepayment of any Indebtedness) with any financial ratio or test (including any Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio test or any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test, or any calculation of the financial covenants set forth in Article VI) (it being understood and agreed that for purposes of determining compliance on a Pro Forma Basis in connection with the making of any Restricted Payment or prepayment of any Indebtedness, the Borrower shall demonstrate compliance with the applicable test both after giving effect to the applicable Limited Condition Acquisition and assuming that such transaction had not occurred). For the avoidance of doubt, if any of such ratios or amounts for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCA Test Date are thereafter exceeded or otherwise failed to have been complied with as a result of fluctuations in such ratio or amount (including due to fluctuations in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA), at or prior to the consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition, such ratios or amounts will not be deemed to have been exceeded or failed to be complied with as a result of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition is permitted to be consummated or taken. Except as set forth in clause (2) in the proviso to the first sentence in this Section 1.8 in connection with the use of the proceeds of an Incremental Term Loan to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition (and, in the case of such clause (2), only if and to the extent the lenders providing such Incremental Term Loan so agree as provided in such clause (2)), it is understood and agreed that this Section 1.8 shall not limit the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 with respect to any proposed Borrowing, in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition or otherwise.

40

ARTICLE II

AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE COMMITMENTS

Section 2.1. General Description of Facilities. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, (i) the Lenders hereby establish in favor of the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which each Lender severally agrees (to the extent of such Lenders Revolving Commitment) to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2, (ii) the Issuing Bank may issue Letters of Credit in accordance with Section2.22, (iii) the Swingline Lender may make Swingline Loans in accordance with Section 2.4, (iv) each Lender agrees to purchase a participation interest in the Letters of Credit and the Swingline Loans pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof and (v) each Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment severally agrees to make Delayed Draw Term Loans to the Borrower during the Availability Period in a principal amount not exceeding such Lenders Delayed Draw Commitment in accordance with Section 2.5; provided, that in no event shall the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and outstanding LC Exposure exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in effect from time to time.

Section 2.2. Revolving Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans, ratably in proportion to its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Commitments, to the Borrower, from time to time during theAvailability Period, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time that will not result in (a) such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Revolving Commitment or (b) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders exceeding the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. During the Availability Period, the Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided, that the Borrower may not borrow or reborrow should there exist a Default or Event of Default.

Section 2.3. Procedure for Revolving Borrowings. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Revolving Borrowing substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.3 (a Notice of Revolving Borrowing) (x) prior to 11:00 a.m. on the requested date of each Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of each SOFR Borrowing. Each Notice of Revolving Borrowing shall be irrevocable andshall specify: (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Borrowing, (ii) the date of such Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the Type of such Revolving Loan comprising such Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, the duration of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period). Each Revolving Borrowing shall consist of Base Rate Loansor SOFR Loans or a combination thereof, as the Borrower may request. The aggregate principal amount of each SOFR Borrowing shall be not less than $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000, and the aggregate principal amount of each Base Rate Borrowing shall not be less than $1,000,000 or a larger multiple of $100,000; provided, that Base Rate Loans made pursuant to Section 2.4 or Section 2.22(d) may be made in lesser amounts as provided therein. At no time shall the total number of SOFR Borrowings outstanding at any time exceed six. Promptly following the receipt of a Notice of Revolving Borrowing in accordance herewith, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and the amount of such Lenders Revolving Loan to be made as part of the requested Revolving Borrowing.

Section 2.4. Swingline Commitment.

41

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, make Swingline Loans to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the lesser of (i) the Swingline Commitment then in effect and (ii) the difference between the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders; provided, that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. The Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Swingline Borrowing substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.4 attached hereto (Notice of Swingline Borrowing) prior to 10:00 a.m. on the requested date of each Swingline Borrowing. Each Notice of Swingline Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify: (i) the principal amount of such Swingline Loan, (ii) the date of such Swingline Loan (which shall be a Business Day) and (iii) the account of the Borrower to which the proceeds of such Swingline Loan should be credited. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of each Notice of Swingline Borrowing. The aggregate principal amount of each Swingline Loan shall not be less than$100,000 or a larger multiple of $50,000, or such other minimum amounts agreed to by the Swingline Lender and the Borrower. The Swingline Lender will make the proceeds of each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower in Dollars in immediately available funds at the account specified by the Borrower in the applicable Notice of Swingline Borrowing not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.

(c) The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion, may, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Swingline Lender to act on its behalf), give a Notice of Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative Agent requesting the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) to make Base Rate Loans in an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of any Swingline Loan. Each Lender will make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender in accordance with Section 2.6, and such proceeds will be used solely for the repayment of such Swingline Loan.

(d) If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) shall purchase an undivided participating interest in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof on the date that such Base Rate Borrowing should have occurred. On the date of such required purchase, each Lender shall promptly transfer, in immediately available funds, the amount of its participating interest to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender.

(e) Each Lenders obligation to make a Base Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.4(c) or to purchase the participating interests pursuant to Section 2.4(d) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including without limitation (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Lender or any other Person may have or claim against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default or the termination of any Lenders Revolving Commitment, (iii) the existence (or alleged existence) of any event or condition which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. If such amount is not in fact made available to the Swingline Lender by any Lender, the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon for each day from the date of demand thereof (i) at the Federal Funds Rate until the second Business Day after such demand and (ii) at the Base Rate at all times thereafter. Until such time as such Lender makes its required payment, the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to continue to have outstanding Swingline Loans in the amount of the unpaid participation for all purposes of the Loan Documents. In addition, such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned any and all payments made of principal and interest on its Loans and any other amounts due to it hereunder, to the Swingline Lender to fund the amount of such Lenders participation interest in such Swingline Loans that such Lender failed to fund pursuant to this Section 2.4, until such amount has been purchased in full.

42

Section 2.5. Delayed Draw Commitments.

(a) Delayed Draw Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment severally agrees to make Delayed Draw Term Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the Delayed Draw Commitment of such Lender. The Delayed Draw Term Loans may be, from time to time, Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans or a combination thereof. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.5(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed.

(b) Procedure for Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowings. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.5 (a Notice of Delayed Draw Borrowing) (x) prior to 11:00 a.m. on the requested date of each Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of each SOFR Borrowing; provided that, in the case of any SOFR Borrowing on the Third Amendment Effective Date, such notice shall be provided prior to 2:00 p.m. one (1) Business Day prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date. Each Notice of Delayed Draw Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify: (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Borrowing, (ii) the date of such Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the Type of such Delayed Draw Term Loan comprising such Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, the duration of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto (subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period); provided, that (x) each Borrowing under the Delayed Draw Commitments must be in a minimum amount of the lesser of (i) $50,000,000 and (ii) the remaining amount of the Delayed Draw Commitments and (y) no more than five (5) Borrowings of Delayed Draw Term Loans may be made after the Third Amendment Effective Date. Each Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans shall consist of Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans or a combination thereof, as the Borrower may request. The aggregate principal amount of each SOFR Borrowing shall be not less than $50,000,000 or a larger multiple of $100,000, and the aggregate principal amount of each Base Rate Borrowing shall not be less than $50,000,000 or a larger multiple of $100,000. At no time shall the total number of SOFR Borrowings of Delayed Draw Term Loans outstanding at any time exceed five (5). Promptly following the receipt of a Notice of Delayed Draw Borrowing in accordance herewith, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and the amount of such Lenders Delayed Draw Term Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans.

Section 2.6. Funding of Borrowings.

43

(a) Each Lender will make available each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer in immediately available funds by 2:00 p.m. to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office; provided, that the Swingline Loans will be made as set forth in Section 2.4. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts that it receives, in like funds by the close of business on such proposed date, to an account maintained by the Borrower with the Administrative Agent or at the Borrowers option, by effecting a wire transfer of such amounts to an account designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent.

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to 1:00 p.m. on the date of a Borrowing in which such Lender is to participate that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date, and the Administrative Agent, in reliance on such assumption, may make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender on the date of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together with interest at the Federal Funds Rate until the second Business Day after such demand and thereafter at the Base Rate. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agents demand therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent together with interest at the rate specified for such Borrowing. Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fund its Pro Rata Share of any Borrowing hereunder or to prejudice any rights which the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.

(c) All Revolving Borrowings shall be made by the Lenders on the basis of their respective Pro Rata Shares. No Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in its obligations hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make its Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to make its Loans hereunder.

Section 2.7. Interest Elections.

(a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing into a different Type or to continue such Borrowing, all as provided in this Section 2.7. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.7, the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Borrowing that is to be converted or continued, as the case may be, substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.7 attached hereto (a Notice of Conversion/Continuation) (x) prior to 10:00 a.m. one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of a conversion into a Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to a continuation of or conversion into a SOFR Borrowing. Each such Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the Borrowing to which such Notice of Conversion/Continuation applies and if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof that are to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Notice of Conversion/Continuation, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is to be a SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period. If any such Notice of Conversion/Continuation requests a SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. The principal amount of any resulting Borrowing shall satisfy the minimum borrowing amount for SOFR Borrowings and Base Rate Borrowings set forth in Section 2.3.

44

(c) If, on the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of any SOFR Borrowing, the Borrower shall have failed to deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Borrowing to a Base Rate Borrowing. No Borrowing may be converted into, or continued as, a SOFR Borrowing if a Default or an Event of Default exists, unless the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall have otherwise consented in writing. No conversion of any SOFR Loans shall be permitted except on the last day of the Interest Period in respect thereof.

(d) Upon receipt of any Notice of Conversion/Continuation, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.

Section 2.8. Optional Reduction and Termination of Commitments.

(a) Unless previously terminated, all Revolving Commitments, Swingline Commitments and LC Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. The Delayed Draw Commitments will automatically be reduced by the amount of any Borrowing of the Delayed Draw Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.5 and, unless previously terminated, shall terminate on the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date.

(b) Upon at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Borrower may reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or the undrawn portion of the Delayed Draw Commitments in part or terminate the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or the undrawn portion of the Delayed Draw Commitments in whole; provided, that (i) any partial reduction shall apply to reduce proportionately and permanently the Revolving Commitment or Delayed Draw Commitment of each Lender, (ii) any partial reduction pursuant to this Section 2.8 shall be in an amount of at least $5,000,000 and any larger multiple of $1,000,000, and (iii) no such reduction shall be permitted which would reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments to an amount less than the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders; provided, further, that a notice of reduction of the Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or any other transaction, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any such reduction in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments below the principal amount of the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment shall result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction in the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment.

45

Section 2.9. Repayment of Loans.

(a) The outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans shall be due and payable (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date.

(b) The outstanding principal amount of all Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be due and payable (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) on the Delayed Draw Maturity Date.

Section 2.10. Evidence of Indebtedness.

(a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice appropriate records evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable thereon and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall maintainappropriate recordsin which shall be recorded (i) the Commitments of each Lender, (ii) the amount of each Loan made hereunder by each Lender, the Class and Type thereof and, in the case of each SOFR Loan, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the date of each continuation thereof pursuant to Section 2.7, (iv) the date of each conversion of all or a portion thereof to another Type pursuant to Section 2.7, (v) the date and amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder in respect of such Loans and (vi) both the date and amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower in respect of the Loans and each Lenders Pro Rata Share thereof. The entries made in such records shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided, that the failure or delay of any Lender or the Administrative Agent in maintaining or making entries into any such record or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans (both principal and unpaid accrued interest) of such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(b) This Agreement evidences the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans and is being executed as a noteless credit agreement. However, at the request of any Lender (including the Swingline Lender) at any time, the Borrower agrees that it will prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender in the form of Exhibit 2.10 (a Note). Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment permitted hereunder) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).

Section 2.11. Optional Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, by giving irrevocable written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent no later than (i) in the case of prepayment of any SOFR Borrowing, 11:00 a.m. not less than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to any such prepayment, (ii) in the case of any prepayment of any Base Rate Borrowing, 11:00 a.m. not less than one Business Day prior to the date of such prepayment, and (iii) in the case of Swingline Borrowings, 11:00 a.m. on the date of such prepayment; provided, that, if such notice is given in connection with a conditional notice of reduction of any Revolving Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.8(b), then such notice may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.8(b). Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the proposed date of such prepayment and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid. Upon receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender of the contents thereof and of such Lenders Pro Rata Share of any such prepayment. If such notice is given, the aggregate amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date designated in such notice, together with accrued interest to such date on the amount so prepaid in accordance with Section 2.13(d); provided, that if a SOFR Borrowing is prepaid on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay all amounts required pursuant to Section2.19. Each partial prepayment of any Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type pursuant to Section 2.3 or in the case of a Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.4. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans comprising such Revolving Borrowing. Each prepayment of a Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans comprising such Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing.

46

Section 2.12. Mandatory Prepayments. If at any time the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, as reduced pursuant to Section 2.8 or otherwise, the Borrower shall immediately repay Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans in an amount equal to such excess, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such excess amount and any amounts due under Section 2.19. Each prepayment shall be applied first to the Swingline Loans to the full extent thereof, second to the Base Rate Loans to the full extent thereof, and finally to SOFR Loans to the full extent thereof. If after giving effect to prepayment of all Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans, the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize its reimbursement obligations with respect to all Letters of Credit in an amount equal to such excess plus any accrued and unpaid fees thereon.

Section 2.13. Interest on Loans.

(a) The Borrower shall pay interest on (i) each Base Rate Loan at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time and (ii) each SOFR Loan at Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period in effect for such Loan plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.

(b) The Borrower shall pay interest on each Swingline Loan at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.

(c) Notwithstanding clauses (a) and (b) above, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,

(i) if any principal of any Loan is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to two percent (2.00%) (Default Rate) plus the otherwise applicable interest rate for such Loans to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws; and

(ii) if any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders (or, after the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 8.1(h), automatically), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Default Rate plus the otherwise applicable interest rate for Base Rate Loans to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

47

(d) Interest on the principal amount of all Loans shall accrue from and including the date such Loans are made to but excluding the date of any repayment thereof. Interest on all outstanding Base Rate Loansand Swingline Loans shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date and/or the Delayed Draw Maturity Date, as applicable. Interest on all outstanding SOFR Loans shall be payable on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto, and, in the case of any SOFR Loans having an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each day which occurs every three months after the initial date of such Interest Period, and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date and/or the Delayed Draw Maturity Date, as applicable. Interest on any Loan which is converted into a Loan of another Type or which is repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such conversion or on the date of any such repayment or prepayment (on the amount repaid or prepaid) thereof. All Default Interest shall be payable on demand.

(e) The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate applicable to the Loans hereunder and shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of such rate in writing (or by telephone, promptly confirmed in writing). Any such determination shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(f) In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR.

Section 2.14. Fees.

(a) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times previously agreed upon in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee) which shall accrue at the Applicable Margin on the daily amount of the unused Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the Availability Period.For purposes of computing the Commitment Fee with respect to the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, but not Swingline Exposure, of such Lender.

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a letter of credit fee with respect to its participation in each Letter of Credit (the Letter of Credit Fee), which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin then in effect on the average daily amount of such Lenders LC Exposure attributable to such Letter of Credit during the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to but excluding the date on which such Letter of Credit expires or is drawn in full (such Letter of Credit Fee shall continue to accrue on any LC Exposure that remains outstanding after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date) and (ii) to the Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate set forth in the Fee Letter on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure during the Availability Period (or until the date that such Letter of Credit is irrevocably cancelled, whichever is later), as well as the Issuing Banks standard fees with respect to issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Default Interest has been imposed pursuant to Section 2.13(c), the rate per annum used to calculate the Letter of Credit Fee pursuant to clause (i) above shall automatically be increased by two percent (2.00%).

48

(d) The Borrower shall pay on the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent and its affiliates all fees in the Fee Letter that are due and payable on the Closing Date. The Borrower shall pay on the Closing Date to the Lenders all upfront fees previously agreed in writing.

(e) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment a ticking fee (the Ticking Fee), which shall accrue from the Third Amendment Effective Date, at 0.25% per annum on the daily amount of the Borrowers unused Delayed Draw Commitment of such Lender during the Availability Period, payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each of March, June, September and December, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Third Amendment Effective Date and on the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date (and if later, the date the Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be repaid in their entirety); provided, further, that any such fees accruing after the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date shall be payable on demand.

(f) Accrued fees under paragraphs (b) and (c) above shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date (and if later, the date the Loans and LC Exposure shall be repaid in their entirety); providedfurther, that any such fees accruing after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date shall be payable on demand.

(g) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, during such period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender will not be entitled to Commitment Fees during such period pursuant to Section 2.14(b) or Letter of Credit Fees accruing during such period pursuant to Section 2.14(c) (without prejudice to the rights of the Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders in respect of such fees), provided that (a) to the extent that a portion of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender is reallocated to the Non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to Section 2.26, such fees that would have accrued for the benefit of such Defaulting Lender will instead accrue for the benefit of and be payable to such Non-Defaulting Lenders, prorata in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments and (b) to the extent any portion of such LC Exposure cannot be so reallocated, such fees will instead accrue for the benefit of and be payable to the Issuing Bank. The pro rata payment provisions of Section 2.21 shall automatically be deemed adjusted to reflect the provisions of this subsection (f).

Section 2.15. Computation of Interest and Fees.

All computations of interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be made in good faith and, except for manifest error, shall be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes.

Section 2.16. Inability to Determine Interest Rates; Benchmark Replacement Setting.

49

(a) Inability to Determine SOFR. Subject to paragraphs (b) through (f) below, if, prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for any SOFR Borrowing:

(i) the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or

(ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Required Lenders that Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their SOFR Loans for such Interest Period,

then the Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof (or telephonic notice, promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and to the Lenders as soon as practicable thereafter.

Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.19. Subject to paragraphs (b) through (f) below, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination.

(b) Benchmark Replacement.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis.

50

(ii) No swap agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.16.

(c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.16(e) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.16, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.16.

(e) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(f) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate.

51

Section 2.17. Illegality. If any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder, to make, maintain or fund any SOFR Loan or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR and such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the other Lenders, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, (i) the obligation of such Lender to make SOFR Revolving Loans, or to continue or convert outstanding Loans as or into SOFR Loans, shall be suspended and (ii) the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) thereof. In the case of the making of a SOFR Borrowing, such Lenders Revolving Loan shall be made as a Base Rate Loan as part of the same Revolving Borrowing for the same Interest Period and, if the affected SOFR Loan is then outstanding, such Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan either (i) on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such SOFR Loan if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (ii) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loan to such date (and in each instance the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) thereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affected Lender shall, prior to giving such notice to the Administrative Agent, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation would avoid the need for giving such notice and if such designation would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in the good faith exercise of its discretion. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.19.

Section 2.18. Increased Costs.

(a) If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the Federal Reserve Board for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D)), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank;

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or

(iii) impose on any Lender or on the Issuing Bank any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or any participation therein;

52

and the result of either of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining a SOFR Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender or the Issuing Bank of participating in or issuing any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount received or receivable by such Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then the Borrower shall promptly pay, upon written notice from and demand by such Lender on the Borrower (with a copy of such notice and demand to the Administrative Agent), to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, within five (5) Business Days after the date of such notice and demand, additional amount or amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) If any Lender or the Issuing Bank shall have determined that on or after the date of this Agreement any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the Issuing Banks capital (or on the capital of the Parent Company of such Lender or Issuing Bank) as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit to a level below that which such Lender, the Issuing Bank or the Parent Company of such Lender or Issuing Bank could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the Issuing Banks policies or the policies of the Parent Company of such Lender or Issuing Bank with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) then, from time to time, within five (5) Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of written demand by such Lender (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank for any such reduction suffered.

(c) A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.18 shall be delivered to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay any such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such amount or amounts within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof.

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.18 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided, that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lenders or Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

Section 2.19. Funding Indemnity. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of a SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion or continuation of a SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (c) the failure by the Borrower to borrow, prepay, convert or continue any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any applicable notice (regardless of whether such notice is withdrawn or revoked), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender, within five (5) Business Days after written demand from such Lender, for any loss, cost or expense attributable to such event. In the case of a SOFR Loan, such loss, cost or expense shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (A) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such SOFR Loan if such event had not occurred at Term SOFR applicable to such SOFR Loan for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such SOFR Loan) over (B) the amount of interest that would accrue on the principal amount of such SOFR Loan for the same period if Term SOFR were set on the date such SOFR Loan was prepaid or converted or the date on which the Borrower failed to borrow, convert or continue such SOFR Loan. A certificate as to any additional amount payable under this Section2.19 submitted to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

53

Section 2.20. Taxes.

(a) For purposes of this Section 2.20, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable Law includes FATCA.

(b) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after making such deduction or withholding (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.20) the applicable Recipient shall receive an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(c) In addition, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(d) The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.20) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(e) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.4(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (e).

54

(f) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.20, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(g) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.20(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

55

(1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI,

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20-2 or Exhibit 2.20-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

56

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(h) If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.20 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.20), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(i) Each partys obligations under this Section 2.20 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

Section 2.21. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs.

(a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Sections 2.18, 2.19 or 2.20, or otherwise) no later than 1:00 p.m. on the date when due, in immediately available funds, free and clear of any defenses, rights of set-off, counterclaim, or withholding or deduction of taxes. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.18, 2.19 and 2.20 and 11.3 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be made payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars.

57

(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied: first, to Administrative Agents fees and reimbursable expenses then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents; second, to all reimbursable expenses of the Lenders and all fees and reimbursable expenses of the Issuing Bank then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, pro rata to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank based on their respective pro rata shares of such fees and expenses; third, to interest and fees then due and payable hereunder, pro rata to the Lenders based on their respective pro rata shares of such interest and fees; and fourth, to the payment of principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties.

(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans that would result in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Credit Exposure and accrued interest and fees thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with respect to its Revolving Credit Exposure, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Credit Exposure of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Credit Exposure; provided, that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Credit Exposure to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount or amounts due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

58

(e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any amount paid by the Borrower for the account of a Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, reimbursement of LC Disbursements, indemnity payments or other amounts) will be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated non-interest bearing account until the Revolving Commitment Termination Date or the Delayed Draw Maturity Date, as applicable, at which time the funds in such account will be applied by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, in the following order of priority: first to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, second to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender under this Agreement, third to the payment of interest due and payable to the Lenders hereunder that are not Defaulting Lenders, ratably among them in accordance with the amounts of such interest then due and payable to them, fourth to the payment of fees then due and payable to the Lenders hereunder that are not Defaulting Lenders, ratably among them in accordance with the amounts of such fees then due and payable to them, fifth to pay principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due and payable to the Lenders hereunder that are not Defaulting Lenders, ratably in accordance with the amounts thereof then due and payable to them, sixth to the ratable payment of other amounts then due and payable to the Lenders hereunder that are not Defaulting Lenders, and seventh to pay amounts owing under this Agreement to such Defaulting Lender or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct.

Section 2.22. Letters of Credit.

(a) During the Availability Period, the Issuing Bank, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders pursuant to Section 2.22(d) and 2.22(e), may, in its sole discretion, issue, at the request of the Borrower, Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; provided, that (i) each Letter of Credit shall expire on the earlier of (A) the date one year after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (B) the date that is twelve months after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date; (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be in a stated amount of at least $25,000; and (iii) the Borrower may not request any Letter of Credit, if, after giving effect to such issuance (A) the aggregate LC Exposure would exceed the LC Commitment, (B) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or (C) the Revolving Credit Exposure of each Lender would exceed its Revolving Commitment.Each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Issuing Bank without recourse a participation in each Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit(i) on the Closing Date with respect to all Existing Letters of Credit and (ii) on the date of issuance with respect to all other Letters of Credit. Each issuance of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to utilize the Revolving Commitment of each Lender by an amount equal to the amount of such participation.

(b) To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or any amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall give the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent irrevocable written notice (which may be in the form of a duly completed Letter of Credit Application) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of such issuance specifying the date (which shall be a Business Day) such Letter of Credit is to be issued (or amended, extended or renewed, as the case may be), the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition to the satisfaction of the conditions in Article III, the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or any amendment which increases the amount of such Letter of Credit) will be subject to the further conditions that such Letter of Credit shall be in such form and contain such terms as the Issuing Bank shall approve and that the Borrower shall have executed and delivered any Issuer Documents as the Issuing Bank shall require; provided, that in the event of any conflict between such applications, agreements or instruments and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control.

59

(c) At least two (2) Business Days prior to the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received such notice and if not, the Issuing Bank will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the Issuing Bank has received notice from the Administrative Agent on or before 5:00 p.m. the Business Day immediately preceding the date the Issuing Bank is to issue the requested Letter of Credit (1) directing the Issuing Bank not to issue the Letter of Credit because such issuance is not then permitted hereunder because of the limitations set forth in Section 2.22(a) or that one or more conditions specified in Article III are not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date, issue such Letter of Credit in accordance with the Issuing Banks usual and customary business practices.

(d) The Issuing Bank shall examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit promptly following its receipt thereof. The Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make a LC Disbursement thereunder; provided, that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to such LC Disbursement. The Borrower shall be irrevocably and unconditionally obligated to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursements paid by the Issuing Bank in respect of such drawing, without presentment, demand or other formalities of any kind. Unless the Borrower shall have notified the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day immediately prior to the date on which such drawing is honored that the Borrower intends to reimburse the Issuing Bank for the amount of such drawing in funds other than from the proceeds of Revolving Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have timely given a Notice of Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative Agent requesting the Lenders to make a Base Rate Borrowingon the date on which such drawing is honored in an exact amount due to the Issuing Bank; provided, that for purposes solely of such Borrowing, the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.2 hereof shall not be applicable. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of such Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.3, and each Lender shall make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.6. The proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied directly by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement.

(e) If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each Lender (other than the Issuing Bank) shall be obligated to fund the participation that such Lender purchased pursuant to subsection (a) in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Shareof such LC Disbursement on and as of the date which such Base Rate Borrowing should have occurred.Each Lenders obligation to fund its participation shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including without limitation (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Lender or any other Person may have against the Issuing Bank or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default or the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any breach of this Agreement by the Borrower or any other Lender, (v) any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or (vi) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. On the date that such participation is required to be funded, each Lender shall promptly transfer, in immediately available funds, the amount of its participation to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank. Whenever, at any time after the Issuing Bank has received from any such Lender the funds for its participation in a LC Disbursement, the Issuing Bank (or the Administrative Agent on its behalf) receives any payment on account thereof, the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share of such payment; provided, that if such payment is required to be returned for any reason to the Borrower or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or similar official in any bankruptcy proceeding, such Lender will return to the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank any portion thereof previously distributed by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank to it.

60

(f) To the extent that any Lender shall fail to pay any amount required to be paid pursuant to paragraphs (d) or (e) of this Section on the due date therefor, such Lender shall pay interest to the Issuing Bank (through the Administrative Agent) on such amount from such due date to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate; provided, that if such Lender shall fail to make such payment to the Issuing Bank within three (3) Business Days of such due date, then, retroactively to the due date, such Lender shall be obligated to pay interest on such amount at the rate set forth in Section 2.13(c).

(g) If (i) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding that its reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit be Cash Collateralized pursuant to this paragraph, (ii) as of the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, any LC Exposure remains outstanding for any reason or (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to any other section of this Agreement, then, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105% of the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid fees thereon; provided, that such obligation to Cash Collateralize the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower with respect to the Letters of Credit shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Section 8.1. Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as Cash Collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. The Borrower agrees to execute any documents and/or certificates to effectuate the intent of this paragraph. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest and profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it had not been reimbursed and to the extent so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, with the consent of the Required Lenders, be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. If the Borrower is required to Cash Collateralize its reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such cash collateral so posted (to the extent not so applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.

61

(h) Upon the request of any Lender, but no more frequently than quarterly, the Issuing Bank shall deliver (through the Administrative Agent) to each Lender and the Borrower a report describing the aggregate Letters of Credit then outstanding. Upon the request of any Lender from time to time, the Issuing Bank shall deliver to such Lender any other information reasonably requested by such Lender with respect to each Letter of Credit then outstanding.

(i) The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements hereunder shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of any of the following circumstances:

(i) Any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement;

(ii) The existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right which the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower may have at any time against a beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Persons or entities for whom any such beneficiary or transferee may be acting), any Lender (including the Issuing Bank) or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement or the Letter of Credit or any document related hereto or thereto or any unrelated transaction;

(iii) Any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;

(iv) Payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document to the Issuing Bank that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit;

(v) Any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.22, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder; or

(vi) The existence of a Default or an Event of Default.

62

Neither the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Lenders nor any Related Party of any of the foregoing shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to above), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided, that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any actual direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect (including claims for lost profits or other consequential damages), or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Banks failure to exercise due care when determining whether drafts or other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree, that in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised due care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.

(j) Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued and subject to applicable Laws, (i) each standby Letter of Credit shall be governed by the International Standby Practices 1998 (ISP98) (or such later revision as may be published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice on any date any Letter of Credit may be issued), (ii) each documentary Letter of Credit shall be governed by the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later revision as may be published by the International Chamber of Commerce on any date any Letter of Credit may be issued) and (iii) the Borrower shall specify the foregoing in each Letter of Credit Application submitted for the issuance of a Letter of Credit.

(k) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control.

(l) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.

Section 2.23. Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders.

The Borrower may from time to time, upon at least five days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to each Lender), propose to increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or to establish one or more new term loans (each, an Incremental Term Loan); provided, that:

63

(a) subject, in the case of an Incremental Term Loan being used to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition, to Section 1.8, the aggregate amount of all increases in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments plus the aggregate initial principal amount of all Incremental Term Loans after the Third Amendment Effective Date shall not exceed $800,000,000 plus an unlimited amount so long as the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is not greater than 4.00:1.00, recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b), after giving effect to such increase or Incremental Term Loan on a Pro Forma Basis (assuming the full amount of such increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments is fully drawn and without netting the cash proceeds thereof);

(b) any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or establishment of an Incremental Term Loan shall be in a minimum principal amount of $15,000,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof;

(c) subject, in the case of an Incremental Term Loan being used to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition, to Section 1.8, no Default or Event of Default shall exist and be continuing at the time of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or establishment of an Incremental Term Loan;

(d) subject, in the case of an Incremental Term Loan being used to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition, to Section 1.8, the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 shall be satisfied as of the date of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or establishment of any Incremental Term Loan;

(e) subject, in the case of an Incremental Term Loan being used to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition, to Section 1.8, the Borrower shall have provided to the Administrative Agent a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate, in form an detail reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants in Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) or (b), after giving effect to such increase or Incremental Term Loan on a Pro Forma Basis;

(f) the Administrative Agent shall have received all documents (including resolutions of the board of directors of the Loan Parties and opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties) it may reasonably request relating to such increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or such establishment of such Incremental Term Loan, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

(g) with respect to any Incremental Term Loan, (i) the final maturity date shall be no earlier than (x) the Latest Maturity Date or (y) the maturity date for any then-existing Incremental Term Loan and (ii) the weighted average life to maturity of such Incremental Term Loan shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of any then-existing Incremental Term Loan (provided that any such Indebtedness in the form of bridge notes or bridge loans shall not be required to meet the requirement in this clause (g) so long as such bridge notes or bridge loans provide for automatic conversion, subject to customary conditions, into permanent financing that satisfies such requirement);

(h) any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments under this Section 2.23 shall have terms identical to those for the Revolving Loans under this Agreement, except for (i) upfront fees payable to the Lenders providing commitments for such increase and (ii) arrangement fees payable to the Arrangers or their Affiliates in connection with the establishment of such increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments;

64

(i) no Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Revolving Commitment or provide any Incremental Term Loan Commitment, and any decision by a Lender to increase its Revolving Commitment or provide any Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall be made in its sole discretion independently from any other Lender;

(j) the Borrower may designate a bank or other financial institution that is not already a Lender to provide all or any portion of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or an Incremental Term Loan Commitment, so long as (i) such Person (an Additional Lender) becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a lender joinder agreement or other document in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that has been executed by the Borrower and such Additional Lender, (ii) any such Person proposed by the Borrower to become an Additional Lender must be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and, if such Additional Lender is to provide a Revolving Commitment, each of the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender;

(k) any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or establishment of an Incremental Term Loan shall be pursuant to a commitment agreement, joinder agreement or other document in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and upon the effectiveness of such commitment agreement, joinder agreement or other document pursuant to the terms thereof, the Commitments, as applicable, shall automatically be increased by the amount of the Commitments added through such commitment agreement, joinder agreement or other document and Schedule I shall automatically be deemed amended to reflect the Commitments of all Lenders after giving effect to the addition of such Commitments; and

(l) with respect to any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, (i) each Lender providing a portion of the increase shall make Revolving Loans, the proceeds of which shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to prepay Revolving Loans of the existing Lenders, in an amount necessary such that after giving effect thereto each Lender will hold its Pro Rata Share of outstanding Revolving Loans (such payments to existing Lenders shall be subject to Section 2.19), and (ii) effective upon such increase, the amount of the participations held by each Lender in each Letter of Credit and each Swingline Loan then outstanding shall be adjusted automatically such that, after giving effect to such adjustments, the Lenders shall hold participations in each such Letter of Credit or such Swingline Loan in proportion to their respective Revolving Commitments.

Section 2.24. Mitigation of Obligations. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.18, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.20, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the sole judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable under Section 2.18 or Section 2.20, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with such designation or assignment.

Section 2.25. Replacement of Lenders. If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.18, (b) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority of the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.20, (c) any Lender notifies the Borrower and Administrative Agent that it is unable to fund SOFR Loans pursuant to Sections2.16 or 2.17, (d) a Lender (a Non-Consenting Lender) does not consent to a proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document that has been approved by the Required Lenders as provided in Section 11.2(b) but requires unanimous consent of all Lender or all the Lenders directly affected thereby (as applicable) or (e) if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 11.4(b) all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender); provided, that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of all Loans owed to it, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (in the case of such outstanding principal and accrued interest) and from the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of a claim for compensation under Section 2.18 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.20, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments, (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Law and (v) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Non-Consenting Lenders failure to consent to a proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document, the applicable assignee consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination; provided that the failure by such Non-Consenting Lender to execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance shall not impair the validity of the removal of such Non-Consenting Lender and the mandatory assignment of such Non-Consenting Lenders Commitments and outstanding Loans pursuant to this Section 2.25 shall nevertheless be effective without the execution by such Non-Consenting Lender of an Assignment and Acceptance. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

65

Section 2.26. Reallocation and Cash Collateralization of Defaulting Lender Commitment.

(a) If a Revolving Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, the following provisions shall apply, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement:

(i) the LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender will, subject to the limitation in the first proviso below, automatically be reallocated (effective on the day such Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender) among the Non-Defaulting Lenders prorata in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments (calculated as if the Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment was reduced to zero and each Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment had been increased proportionately); provided that (A) the sum of each Non-Defaulting Lenders total Revolving Credit Exposure may not in any event exceed the Revolving Commitment of such Non-Defaulting Lender as in effect at the time of such reallocation and (B) neither such reallocation nor any payment by a Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant thereto will constitute a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender or cause such Defaulting Lender to be a Non-Defaulting Lender; and

(ii) to the extent that any portion (the unreallocated portion) of the LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure of any Defaulting Lender cannot be reallocated pursuant to clause (i) because of the limitation described in clause (a)(i)(A), the Borrower will, not later than ten (10) Business Days after demand by the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Issuing Bank and/or the Swingline Lender), (A) Cash Collateralize the obligations of the Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in respect of such LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure, as the case may be, in an amount at least equal to the aggregate amount of the unreallocated portion of the LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender, (B) in the case of such Swingline Exposure, prepay and/or Cash Collateralize in full the unreallocated portion thereof, or (C) make other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender in their sole discretion to protect them against the risk of non-payment by such Defaulting Lender.

66

(b) If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agree in writing in their discretion that any Defaulting Lender has ceased to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, the LC Exposure and the Swingline Exposure of the other Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Commitment, and such Lender will purchase at par such portion of outstanding Revolving Loans of the other Lenders and/or make such other adjustments as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders to be on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender and will be a Non-Defaulting Lender (and such Revolving Credit Exposure of each Lender will automatically be adjusted on a prospective basis to reflect the foregoing). If any cash collateral has been posted with respect to the LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will promptly return such cash collateral to the Borrower; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

Section 2.27. Extension.

(a) The Borrower may on one or more occasions after the Closing Date, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, make one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer) to all the Lenders of one or more Class of Loans (each class subject to such an Extension Offer, an Extension Request Class) to enter into one or more Extension Permitted Amendments pursuant to procedures reasonably specified by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Such notice shall set forth (i) the terms and conditions of the requested Extension Permitted Amendment(s) and (ii) the date on which such Extension Permitted Amendment(s) are requested to become effective (which shall not be less than five (5) Business Days nor more than thirty (30) Business Days after the date of such notice, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent). Extension Permitted Amendments shall become effective only with respect to the Loans and Commitments of the Lenders of the Extension Request Class that accept the applicable Extension Offer (such Lenders, the Extending Lenders) and, in the case of any Extending Lender, only with respect to such Lenders Loans and Commitments of such Extension Request Class as to which such Lenders acceptance has been made. The Borrower shall have the right to withdraw any Extension Offer upon written notice to the Administrative Agent in the event that the aggregate amount of Loans and Commitments of the Extending Lenders is less than the aggregate amount specified by the Borrower in the Extension Offer to be extended.

67

(b) An Extension Permitted Amendment shall be effected pursuant to an Extension Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower, each applicable Extending Lender and the Administrative Agent; provided that no Extension Permitted Amendment shall become effective unless (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of effectiveness thereof, (ii) on the date of effectiveness thereof, the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct (A) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects, and (B) otherwise, in all material respects, in each case on and as of such date, except in the case of any such representation and warranty that specifically relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct on and as of such earlier date, and (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent such customary legal opinions, board resolutions, secretarys certificates, officers certificates and other customary documents as shall reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension Agreement. Each Extension Agreement may, without the consent of any Lender other than the applicable Extending Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.27, including any amendments necessary to treat the applicable Loans and/or Commitments of the accepting Lenders as a new Class of loans and/or commitments hereunder; provided that, except as otherwise agreed to by the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, (i) the allocation of the participation exposure with respect to any then-existing or subsequently issued or made Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan as between the commitments of such new Class and the remaining Commitments shall be made on a ratable basis as between the commitments of such new Class and the remaining Commitments and (ii) the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, as such term is used in reference to Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans, may not be extended without the prior written consent of the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, as applicable.

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT

Section 3.1. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Agreement and the obligations of the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) to make Loans and the obligation of the Issuing Bank to issue any Letter of Credit hereunder shall be effective upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:

(a) Loan Documents. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a counterpart of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents signed by or on behalf of each party hereto or thereto or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of such signed signature page) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such party is a party.

(b) Organization Documents; Resolutions and Certificates. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of:

68

(i) a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each Loan Party, attaching and certifying copies of such Loan Partys Organization Documents and resolutions of its board of directors (or equivalent governing body), authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and certifying the name, title and true signature of each officer of such Loan Party executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party; and

(ii) certified copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation, certificate of organization or limited partnership, or other registered organizational documents of each Loan Party, together with certificates of good standing or existence, as may be available from the secretary of state of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and each other jurisdiction where such Loan Party is required to be qualified to do business as a foreign corporation.

(c) Opinions of Counsel. Favorable written opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders, and covering such matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated therein in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d) Officers Closing Certificate. A certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that after giving effect to the funding of any Revolving Loans on the Closing Date, the conditions specified in Sections 3.2(a) and (b) are satisfied as of the Closing Date.

(e) Required Consents and Approvals. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, or other actions by, or notices to, or filings with, any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document have been obtained.

(f) Patriot Act; Anti-Money Laundering Laws; Beneficial Ownership. The provision by the Loan Parties of all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and, if Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to Borrower.

(g) Fees and Expenses. The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date, including without limitation reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder, under any other Loan Document and under any agreement with the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers.

(h) Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 3.1, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 3.1, each Lender that has signed this Credit Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

69

Section 3.2. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions and in the case of an Incremental Term Loan being used to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition, to Section 1.8:

(a) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall exist;

(b) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, all representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date;

(c) the Borrower shall have delivered the required Notice of Borrowing;

(d) for any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans, after giving effect to such Borrowing on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) or (b); and

(e) if any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender at the time of any request by the Borrower of a Borrowing of a Swingline Loan or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, as applicable, set forth in this Section 3.2, the Issuing Bank will not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit and the Swingline Lender will not be required to make any Swingline Loans, unless they are satisfied that 100% of the related LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure is fully covered or eliminated pursuant to Section 2.26.

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of any Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 3.2.

Section 3.3. Delivery of Documents. All of the Loan Documents, certificates, legal opinions and other documents and papers referred to in this Article III, unless otherwise specified, shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of each of the Lenders and in sufficient counterparts or copies for each of the Lenders and shall be in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Administrative Agent.

Section 3.4. Termination of Existing Credit Facility. Upon this Agreement becoming effective, the Existing Credit Agreement shall automatically terminate (other than those provisions that by their terms survive termination of the Existing Credit Agreement), all commitments of the lenders thereunder to fund additional advances shall terminate automatically, and all amounts outstanding thereunder, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, fees and other amounts shall be automatically paid in full by the initial Borrowing hereunder.

70

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as follows:

Section 4.1. Existence; Power. The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation, partnership or limited liability company under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted, (c) is duly qualified to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where a failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (d) have obtained and maintain in good standing without restriction all required licenses, permits, authorizations, registrations, approvals and certificates of authority of each Governmental Authority necessary to the conduct of their business, (e) to the extent prudent and customary in the industry in which it is engaged, have obtained and maintain in good standing without restriction, accreditation from all applicable recognized accrediting agencies, (f) have implemented and maintain a compliance program designed to provide effective internal controls to promote adherence to and to prevent and detect material violations of Laws applicable to the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any applicable HMO Regulations, Medicaid Regulations and Medicare Regulations and (g) have implemented and maintain policies consistent with HIPAA and the HITECH Act on or before the date that any provision thereof becomes applicable to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; except in each case referred to in clauses (d) (g) hereof to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.2. Organizational Power; Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party are within such Loan Partys organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational, and if required, shareholder, partner or member, action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party, in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity.

Section 4.3. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Agreement, and by each Loan Party of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any action by, any Governmental Authority, except those as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate the Organization Documents of any Loan Party or any Law applicable to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any judgment, order or ruling of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding on the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of its assets or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, except Liens (if any) created under the Loan Documents, (e) will not result in a suspension or revocation of, or limitation on, any material certificate of authority, license, permit, authorization or other approval applicable to the business, operations or properties of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent such suspension, revocation or limitation is material to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or material adversely affect the ability of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to participate in, or contract with, any material Medical Reimbursement Program.

71

Section 4.4. Financial Statements. The Borrower has furnished to each Lender (a) the Audited Financial Statements and (b) the Interim Financial Statements. Such financial statements fairly present the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and the consolidated results of operations for such periods in conformity with GAAP consistently applied, subject to year end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (b). The financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) and (b) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly (on the basis disclosed in the footnotes to such financial statements) the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and for the periods covered thereby. Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there have been no changes with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which have had or couldreasonably be expected to have, singly or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.5. Litigation and Environmental Matters.

(a) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrators or Governmental Authorities is pending against or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Loan Parties, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination that could reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) which in any manner draws into question the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(b) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability, except, in each case, for such failures or Environmental Liabilities that could not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Borrower, none of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, nor any of their current respective officers, directors, or employees, have engaged (and no Responsible Officer of a Loan Party has received written notice from a Contract Provider that such Contract Provider has engaged) in any activities that constitute prohibited acts of fraud under Medicare Regulations or Medicaid Regulations where such activities have resulted, or the Borrower has reasonably determined in good faith it could reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect and the Borrower has not taken action within a reasonable period of time after discovery of such activities, to suspend or remove such persons from responsibilities relating to such activities or to ensure that such activities are no longer reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.6. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. The Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance (and no Responsible Officer of any Loan Party has received notice from a Contract Provider that such Contract Provider is not in compliance) with (a) all material Laws and all judgments, decrees and orders of any Governmental Authority and (b) all indentures, agreements or other instruments binding upon it or its properties, except where non-compliance, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, current billing policies, arrangements, protocols and instructions of each of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with requirements of the Medical Reimbursement Programs and are currently administered by properly trained personnel.

72

Section 4.7. No Default.

(a) Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) No Default has occurred and is continuing.

Section 4.8. Investment Company Act, Etc.

(a) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is an investment company or is controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(b) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) is subject to any other regulatory scheme limiting its ability to incur debt or requiring any approval or consent from or registration or filing with, any Governmental Authority in connection therewith.

Section 4.9. Taxes. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and each other Person for whose taxes the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary could become liable have timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state and other material tax returns required to be filed by them, and have paid all federal, state and other material taxes, assessments made against it or its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, except where the same are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such taxes are adequate, and no tax liabilities that could be materially in excess of the amount so provided are anticipated.

Section 4.10. Margin Regulations. None of the proceeds of any of the Loans or Letters of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for purchasing or carrying any margin stock with the respective meanings of each of such terms under Regulation U or for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulation T, U or X. Neither the Borrower nor its Restricted Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.

Section 4.11. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans.

73

Section 4.12. Ownership of Property.

(a) Each of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and personal property material to the operation of its business, including all such properties reflected in the Audited Financial Statements or the most recent audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or purported to have been acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after said date (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business), in each case free and clear of Liens not permitted by this Agreement. All leases that individually or in the aggregate are material to the business or operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting and are in full force.

(b) Each of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed, or otherwise has the right, to use, all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries does not infringe in any material respect on the rights of any other Person.

(c) The properties of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or any applicable Restricted Subsidiary operates.

Section 4.13. Disclosure.

(a) Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments, and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to any of them, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports (including without limitation all reports that any Loan Party is required to file with the SEC), financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation or syndication of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by any other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, taken as a whole, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

(b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, to the extent any has been delivered, is true and correct in all respects.

Section 4.14. Labor Relations. All payments due from the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the provisions of any collective bargaining agreement have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

74

Section 4.15. Subsidiaries. Schedule 4.15 sets forth (i) the name of, the ownership interest of each Loan Party in, the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of, and the type of, each Subsidiary and identifies each Subsidiary that is a Loan Party, in each case as of the Closing Date and (ii) whether such Subsidiary is an Insurance Subsidiary, HMO Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary. All issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, as applicable, and free and clear of all Liens other than those in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations. All such securities were issued in compliance with all applicable state and federal Laws concerning the issuance of securities. As of the Closing Date, all of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of each of the Subsidiaries was owned by the Persons and in the amounts set forth on Schedule 4.15. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.15, as of the Closing Date, there were no pre-emptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights or other similar agreements or understandings for the purchase or acquisition of any Capital Stock of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.

Section 4.16. Solvency. On the Second Amendment Effective Date, after giving effect to the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the making of the Loans under this Agreement, the Borrower is Solvent and the Loan Parties are Solvent on a consolidated basis.

Section 4.17. Licensing and Accreditation. Except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each Contract Provider (i) has obtained (or been duly assigned) all required certificates of need or determinations of need as required by the relevant state Governmental Authority for the acquisition, construction, expansion of, investment in or operation of its businesses as currently operated; (ii) has obtained and maintains accreditation from one or more generally recognized accreditation agencies where such accreditation is customary in the industry in which it is engaged; (iii) in the case of each HMO Subsidiary, has entered into and maintains in good standing its contract with CMS or such other agreement to be able to provide managed health care services to Medicare or Medicaid; and (iv) has taken all necessary action to obtain, preserve and maintain each certificate of authority, license, permit, authorization and other approval of any Governmental Authority required for the conduct of its business and material to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and all of such certificates, licenses, permits, authorizations or approvals are in full force and effect and have not been revoked or suspended or otherwise limited, including action to obtain, preserve and maintain with respect to each HMO Subsidiary all certificates of authority, licenses, permits, authorizations and other approvals required under the HMO Regulations or other regulations issued by the applicable Governmental Authority, including approvals required to ensure that such HMO Subsidiary and Insurance Subsidiary is eligible for all reimbursements available under the HMO Regulations or other regulations issued by the applicable Governmental Authority, and all of such certificates, licenses, permits, authorizations or approvals are in full force and effect and have not been revoked or suspended or otherwise limited. To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each Contract Provider is duly licensed (where license is required) by each state or state agency or commission, or any other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the provisions of such services by such Person in the locations in which the Loan Parties conduct business, required to enable such Person to provide the professional services provided by such Person and otherwise as is necessary to enable the Loan Parties to operate as currently operated and as presently contemplated to be operated except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, all such required licenses are in full force and effect on the date hereof and have not been revoked or suspended or otherwise limited except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

75

Section 4.18. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates with Anti-Corruption Laws, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees and to the knowledge of the Borrower its agents, advisors and Affiliates are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent, advisor or Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facilities established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transactions will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions.

Section 4.19. Subordination of Subordinated Debt.This Agreement, and all amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings and refundings hereof, constitute the Senior Credit Agreement within the meaning of the applicable Subordinated Debt Document; this Agreement, together with each of the other Loan Documents and all amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings and refundings hereof and thereof, constitute Senior Loan Documents within the meaning of the applicable Subordinated Debt Document; and the Loans and all other Obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and all other Loan Documents, and all amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings or refundings of any of the foregoing, constitute Senior Indebtedness of the Borrower within the meaning of the applicable Subordinated Debt Document, and the holders thereof from time to time shall be entitled to all of the rights of a holder of Senior Indebtedness pursuant to the applicable Subordinated Debt Document.

Section 4.20. Medicare and Medicaid Notices and Filings Related to Business. Except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Borrower and the HMO Subsidiaries has timely filed (a) all reports and other filings required to be filed in connection with the Medicare and Medicaid programs in which they participate, and all such reports and filings are true and complete in all material respects, and (b) all material reports, data and other information required by any other Governmental Authority with authority to regulate it or its business or operations in any manner. Except to the extent any such action could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) there are no claims, actions, proceedings or appeals pending (and none of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has made any filing that would result in any claims, actions, proceedings or appeals) before any Governmental Authority with respect to any Medicare or Medicaid reports or claims filed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on or before the date hereof, or with respect to any adjustments, denials, recoupments or disallowances by any intermediary, carrier, other insurer, commission, board or agency in connection with any cost reports or claims, and (ii) no validation review, survey, inspection, audit, investigation or program integrity review related to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has been conducted by any Governmental Authority or government contractor in connection with Medicare or Medicaid, and no such reviews are scheduled, pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary.

Section 4.21. No Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.

ARTICLE V

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a Commitment hereunder, any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, such Loan Party shall and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to:

76

Section 5.1. Financial Statements and Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:

(a) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual audited report for such Fiscal Year for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, containing a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows (together with all footnotes thereto) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and reported on by independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing (without a going concern or like qualification, exception or explanation and without any qualification or exception as to scope of such audit other than any such qualification, exception or explanation resulting from or relating to (i) an actual or anticipated breach of a financial covenant set forth in Article VI or (ii) an upcoming maturity date) to the effect that such financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and the results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and that the examination by such accountants in connection with such consolidated financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards;

(b) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and the then elapsed portion of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding quarter and the corresponding portion of Borrowers previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such consolidated statements to be certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower as presenting fairly the financial condition, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(c) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above, a Compliance Certificate signed by the principal executive officer or the principal financial officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether there exists a Default or Event of Default on the date of such certificate, and if a Default or an Event of Default then exists, (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail calculations demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI, (iii) [reserved], (iv) stating whether any change in GAAP or the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Audited Financial Statements (or, if later, the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a)), and if any change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such Compliance Certificate, (v) specifying any change in the identity of the Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter from the Subsidiaries identified to the Lenders on the Closing Date or as of the most recent Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter, as the case may be and (vi) if the Borrower has designated any of its Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries, then the quarterly and annual financial information required by clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 5.1 shall include a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower.

77

(d) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the end of the Fiscal Year, a pro forma budget for the succeeding Fiscal Year, containing (i) an income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) a statement of cash flow of the Borrower only;

(e) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed with the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its stockholders generally, as the case may be;

(f) as soon as available and in any event within 15 days of the required date for delivery to the applicable state after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, annual financial statements of each HMO Subsidiary and Insurance Subsidiary as filed with the applicable HMO Regulator;

(g) as soon as available and in any event within 15 days of the required date for delivery to the applicable state after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, quarterly financial statements of each HMO Subsidiary and Insurance Subsidiary as filed with the applicable HMO Regulator; and

(h) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the results of operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.

If at any time the Borrower is required to file periodic reports under Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver the financial statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above by delivering such financial statements by electronic mail to such e-mail addresses as the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have provided to Borrower from time to time.

Section 5.2. Notices of Material Events. Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following:

(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;

(b) the filing or commencement of, or any material development in, any action, suit, investigation or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) the occurrence of any event or any other development by which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) fails to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) becomes subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) receives notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability, or (iv) becomes aware of any basis for any Environmental Liability and in each of the preceding clauses, which individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

78

(d) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that alone, or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $100,000,000;

(e) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of official written notice, any development that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, an Exclusion Event, including any notice by the OIG of exclusion or proposed exclusion of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Medical Reimbursement Program in which it participates, and any other development that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect;

(g) not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of official written notice, commencement of any material non-routine audit or investigation of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary by any regulatory authority, including any Governmental Authority or HMO Regulator, and commencement of any proceeding or other action against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, that could reasonably be expected to result in a suspension, revocation or termination of any contract of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to a Medical Reimbursement Program to the extent such suspension, revocation or termination is material to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(h) receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of (i) any notice of suspension or forfeiture of any material certificate of authority or similar license of any HMO Subsidiary to the extent such suspension or forfeiture is material to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (ii) to the extent permitted by law, rule or regulation, any other material notice of deficiency, compliance order or adverse report issued by any regulatory authority, including any HMO Regulator, or private insurance company pursuant to a provider agreement that, if not promptly complied with or cured, could reasonably be expected to result in the suspension or forfeiture of any certification, license, permit, authorization or other approval necessary for such HMO Subsidiary to carry on its business as then conducted or in the termination of any insurance or reimbursement program then available to any HMO Subsidiary, in each case to the extent such suspension, termination or forfeiture is material to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and

(i) following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Each notice delivered under this Section 5.2 shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.

Section 5.3. Existence; Conduct of Business.

(a) Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and its respective rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the conduct of its business; provided, that nothing in this Section 5.3 shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 7.3; and

79

(b) Engage in the business of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses reasonably related thereto.

Section 5.4. Compliance with Laws, Etc. Comply with all Laws applicable to its business and properties, including without limitation, all Environmental Laws, ERISA, Titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, Medicare Regulations, Medicaid Regulations, the Anti-Kickback Statute, self-referral law requirements, including the requirements of the Stark Law, HMO Regulations, HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and OSHA, except where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.5. Payment of Obligations. Pay and discharge at or before maturity, all of its obligations and liabilities (including without limitation all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, levies and all other claims that could result in a statutory Lien) before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.6. Books and Records. Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities to the extent necessary to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP.

Section 5.7. Visitation, Inspection, Etc. Permit any representative of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine its books and records and to make copies and take extracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its officers and with its independent certified public accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request after reasonable prior notice to the Borrower; provided that (a) excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights under this Section 5.7 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two times during any calendar year absent the existence and continuation of an Event of Default, and only one such visit shall be at the Borrowers expense per calendar year and (b) when an Event of Default is continuing, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or any of their respective representatives) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice.

Section 5.8. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance.

(a) Keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and

(b) Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and business, and the properties and business of its Restricted Subsidiaries, against loss, damage and risk of the kinds customarily insured against by companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.

80

Section 5.9. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. Use the proceeds of all Revolving Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, to refinance Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement, finance working capital needs, Permitted Acquisitions and capital expenditures. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would violate any rule or regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulations T, U or X. All Letters of Credit will be used for general corporate purposes.

The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and the Borrower shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

Section 5.10. Guarantees by Material Domestic Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of any Material Domestic Subsidiary that exists as of the date for which the Borrower delivers financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) and, within thirty (30) Business Days (or such longer period approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after delivery of such financial statements, cause such Material Domestic Subsidiary to become a Guarantor. A Material Domestic Subsidiary shall become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a Guarantor Joinder Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, accompanied by (a) all other Loan Documents related thereto, (b) certified copies of Organization Documents, appropriate authorizing resolutions of the board of directors of such Subsidiaries, and opinions of counsel comparable to those delivered pursuant to Section 3.1(c), and (c) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the guarantee by any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.1(k), concurrently with the provision of such guarantee, to the extent such Subsidiary is not a Guarantor hereunder, cause such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor by complying with this Section 5.10.

Section 5.11. Material Licenses. Obtain and maintain all Material Licenses for each Restricted Subsidiary.

Section 5.12. Unrestricted Subsidiaries.

(a) The Borrower may designate any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary if that designation would not cause a Default and if that designation otherwise is consistent with this definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. If a Restricted Subsidiary is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Fair Market Value of all outstanding Investments owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the Subsidiary properly designated shall be deemed to be an Investment made as of the time of the designation and will either reduce the amount available for Restricted Payments under Section 7.5 or be an Investment permitted under Section 7.4, as determined by the Borrower; provided that no designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary may be made in reliance on Section 7.5(c). Such designation will only be permitted if the Investment would be permitted at that time and if the Restricted Subsidiary otherwise meets the definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

(b) Any designation of a Subsidiary of the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be evidenced by the Borrowers delivery to the Administrative Agent a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower giving effect to such designation and a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that such designation complied with the preceding conditions and was permitted by Section 7.5. If, at any time, any Unrestricted Subsidiary would fail to meet the requirements of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, it will thereafter cease to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement, and any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary will be deemed to be incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower as of such date and, if such Indebtedness is not permitted to be incurred as of such date under Section 7.1, the Borrower will be in default of Section 7.1 unless such Unrestricted Subsidiary is made to meet such requirements.

81

(c) The Borrower may at any time designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that such designation will be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower of any outstanding Indebtedness and Liens of such Unrestricted Subsidiary, and such designation will only be permitted if (x) such Indebtedness and Liens are permitted under Sections 7.1 and 7.2, (y) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate demonstrating that after giving effect to such designation on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b); and (z) no Default or Event of Default would be in existence following such designation.

ARTICLE VI

FINANCIAL COVENANTS

Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a Commitment hereunder, any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, no Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:

Section 6.1. Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2024, to be greater than 4.00:1.00; provided that, for each of the four (4) Fiscal Quarters immediately following a Qualified Acquisition, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter in which such Qualified Acquisition was consummated (such period of increase, the Leverage Increase Period), upon written election by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the maximum Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 6.1 shall be increased to 4.50:1.00; provided, further that (x) the Borrower shall not elect more than three (3) Leverage Increase Periods during the term of this Agreement and (y) the maximum Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 6.1 shall revert to 4.00:1.00 immediately following the end of such Leverage Increase Period.

Section 6.2. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2024, to be less than 3.50:1.00.

82

ARTICLE VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a Commitment hereunder, any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, no Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:

Section 7.1. Indebtedness and Preferred Equity. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness created pursuant to the Loan Documents;

(b) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary existing as of the Second Amendment Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 7.1 and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) (except by an amount no greater than accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such original Indebtedness, any existing unutilized commitments thereunder and any reasonable fees, premium and expenses relating to such extension, renewal or refinancing) or shorten the maturity or the weighted average life thereof;

(c) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Finance Lease Liabilities; provided, that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvements or extensions, renewals, and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) (except by an amount no greater than accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such original Indebtedness, any existing unutilized commitments thereunder and any reasonable fees, premium and expenses relating to such extension, renewal or refinancing) or shorten the maturity or the weighted average life thereof; provided further, that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed at any time outstanding, the greater of (i) $450,000,000 and (ii) 3.0% of the value of Consolidated Total Assets;

(d) Indebtedness of the Borrower owing to any Restricted Subsidiary and of any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that any such Indebtedness that is owed by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.4;

(e) Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary and by any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that Guarantees by any Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.4;

(f) Hedging Obligations permitted by Section 7.10;

(g) Indebtedness under letters of credit not issued under this Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at the time of incurrence of any such Indebtedness, $150,000,000 (the Additional Letters of Credit);

83

(h) the Existing Notes and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Existing Note that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) (except by an amount no greater than accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such Existing Notes, any existing unutilized commitments thereunder and any reasonable fees, premium and expenses relating to such extension, renewal or refinancing);

(i) (x) Indebtedness of Persons acquired in Permitted Acquisitions (the Acquired Indebtedness) in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at the time of incurrence of any such Acquired Indebtedness, the greater of (A) $225,000,000 and (B) 1.5% of Consolidated Total Assets, provided that such Acquired Indebtedness (i) shall exist prior to the applicable Permitted Acquisition and shall not have been incurred in anticipation of the applicable Permitted Acquisition, (ii) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that was not an obligor with respect to such Indebtedness prior to such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower shall become an obligor for such Indebtedness and (iii) such Indebtedness shall not be secured by a Lien on any Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that did not secure such Indebtedness prior to such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower and (y) and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) (except by an amount no greater than accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such original Indebtedness, any existing unutilized commitments thereunder and any reasonable fees, premium and expenses relating to such extension, renewal or refinancing);

(j) other secured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) the final maturity date, any mandatory prepayment or mandatory redemption of such secured Indebtedness shall be no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date or the latest maturity date applicable to any Incremental Term Loan, (iii) the weighted average life to maturity of such secured Indebtedness shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of any Incremental Term Loan outstanding as of the time of the issuance thereof and (iv) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence of any such Indebtedness, the greater of (A) $375,000,000 and (B) 2.5% of the value of Consolidated Total Assets;

(k) Permitted Subordinated Debt and unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that (i) after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with the financial covenants as set forth in Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b), (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness, (iii) the documents governing such unsecured Indebtedness shall not contain covenants (including quantitative covenants and financial covenants) which, taken as a whole, are materially more restricted than the covenants contained in this Agreement as determined by the Borrower in good faith, (iv) the final maturity date, any mandatory prepayment or mandatory redemption of such unsecured Indebtedness shall be no earlier than ninety-one (91) days after the Latest Maturity Date or the latest maturity date applicable to any Incremental Term Loan and (v) the weighted average life to maturity of such unsecured Indebtedness shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of any Incremental Term Loan outstanding as of the time of the issuance thereof; provided, that clauses (iv) and (v) shall not apply to Bridge Senior Unsecured Indebtedness; and

84

(l) the 364 Day Bridge Senior Unsecured Indebtedness.

Section 7.2. Negative Pledge. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its assets or property now owned or hereafter acquired or, except:

(a) Liens securing the Obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents (if any);

(b) Permitted Encumbrances;

(c) any Liens on any property or assets of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries existing on the Second Amendment Effective Date set forth on Schedule 7.2; provided, that such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary;

(d) purchase money Liens upon or in any fixed or capital assets to secure the purchase price or the cost of construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets or to secure Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets (including Liens securingany Finance Lease Liabilities) and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Liens that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or replacement) (except by an amount no greater than accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such original Lien, any existing unutilized commitments thereunder and any reasonable fees, premium and expenses relating to such extension, renewal or refinancing); provided, that (i) such Lien secured Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1(c), (ii) such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently or within 270 days after the acquisition, improvement or completion of the construction thereof, (iii) such Lien does not extend to any other asset; and (iv) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets;

(e) extensions, renewals, or replacements of any Lien referred to in paragraphs (a) through (d) of this Section 7.2; provided, that the principal amount of the Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased and that any such extension, renewal or replacement is limited to the assets originally encumbered thereby;

(f) Liens securing Acquired Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.1(i), provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than property of the Person acquired in the applicable Permitted Acquisition at the time of such Permitted Acquisition and (ii) such Liens shall exist prior to the applicable Permitted Acquisition and shall not be incurred in anticipation of the applicable Permitted Acquisition;

(g) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1(j);

(h) Liens in cash and Permitted Investments securing the reimbursement and related obligations under Additional Letters of Credit;

(i) normal and customary rights of setoff upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions; and

(j) customary escrow arrangements and segregated accounts (to the extent such segregated account is deemed to have incurred an encumbrance in connection with any covenants applicable to the proceeds contained in such segregated account), in each case, permitted by the definition of Specified Cash.

85

Section 7.3. Fundamental Changes.

(a) Merge into or consolidate into any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of (in a single transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) or any line of business or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) or liquidate or dissolve; provided, that if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may merge with a Person pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition if the Borrower (or such Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower is not a party to such merger) is the surviving Person, (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge into another Restricted Subsidiary or the Borrower, provided, that if any party to such merger is a Guarantor or the Borrower, the Guarantor or the Borrower, as applicable, shall be the surviving Person, (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to any Loan Party, (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Guarantor) may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and (v) any HMO Subsidiary and Insurance Subsidiary may merge with any other HMO Subsidiary, Insurance Subsidiary or Subsidiary of an HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary; provided that (x) its assets are all disposed of pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and (y) any such merger involving a Person that is not a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section7.4.

(b) Engage in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses similarly, ancillary or reasonably related thereto (or any reasonable extensions or expansions thereof).

Section 7.4. Investments, Loans, Etc. Make any Investment, except:

(a) Investments (other than Permitted Investments) existing as of the Second Amendment Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 7.4 (including Investments in Subsidiaries);

(b) Permitted Investments;

(c) Investments in any Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary prior to giving effect to such Investment;

(d) Investments in any Person in connection with the initiatives and activities that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary engages in to address social determinants of health in an aggregate amount not exceeding the greater of (x) $25,000,000 and (y) 0.167% of Consolidated Total Assets at any time outstanding in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement;

(e) Guarantees by Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1;

(f) Hedging Transactions permitted by Section 7.10;

86

(g) Permitted Acquisitions;

(h) Investments in any HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary (i) reasonably related to causing such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary to comply with (A) minimum statutory capital requirements applicable to such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary or (B) the minimum amount of capital required to be maintained under Material Contracts applicable to such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary or (ii) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, but solely to extent necessary for such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary to consummate such Permitted Acquisition;

(i) Guarantees of Contractual Obligations of any HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary entered into in the ordinary course of business; and

(j) other Investments which in the aggregate do not exceed the greater of (i) $300,000,000 or (ii) 2.0% of Consolidated Total Assets at any time outstanding.

Section 7.5. Restricted Payments. Declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except for:

(a) dividends payable by the Borrower solely in shares of any class of its common stock;

(b) Restricted Payments, of the type referred to in clause (a) of such definition, made by any Restricted Subsidiary to Persons that own Capital Stock in such Restricted Subsidiary, on a pro rata basis according to their respective holdings of the type of Capital Stock in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made with any other shareholders if such Restricted Subsidiary is not wholly owned by the Borrower and other wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries;

(c) any Restricted Payment (other than Restricted Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries), so long as, at the time of such Restricted Payment (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis (x) the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) and (y) the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) shall be less than 2.50:1.00;

(d) any Restricted Payment, so long as, at the time of such Restricted Payment (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (d) shall not to exceed the greater of (x) $250,000,000 and (y) 1.67% of Consolidated Total Assets at any time outstanding in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement; and

(e) any other Restricted Payment, as long as, at the time of and after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis: (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) shall be greater than 2.00:1.0; and (z) such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date pursuant to this clause (e), is less than the sum, without duplication, of:

87

(i) $500,000,000, plus

(ii) 50% of Consolidated Net Income for the period (taken as one accounting period) from January 1, 2020 through and including the date of the most recent balance sheet included in the financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) at the time of such Restricted Payment (or, if such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, less 100% of such deficit), plus

(iii) 100% of the aggregate net cash proceeds (or the Fair Market Value of property other than cash) received by the Borrower since the Closing Date as a contribution to its common equity capital or from the issuance or sale of Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than the issuance of Disqualified Stock) or from the issuance or sale of convertible or exchangeable Disqualified Stock or convertible or exchangeable debt securities of the Borrower, in either case, that have been converted into or exchanged for such Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than Capital Stock or Disqualified Stock or debt securities sold to a Subsidiary of the Borrower), plus

(iv) to the extent that any Restricted Investment that was made after the Closing Date is (A) sold for cash or otherwise cancelled, liquidated or repaid for cash, the cash proceeds received with respect to such Restricted Investment (less the cost of disposition, if any) or (B) made in an entity that subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Investments owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in such entity at the time such entity becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, plus

(v) 100% of the aggregate net cash proceeds (or the Fair Market Value of property other than cash) received by the Borrower since the Closing Date by means of (A) the sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of the Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or (B) a distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than in each case to the extent such Investment constituted an Investment permitted under Section 7.4), in each case to the extent that such amounts were not otherwise included in the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus

(vi) in case, after the Closing Date, any Unrestricted Subsidiary has been redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary under the terms of this Agreement or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or transfers or conveys assets to, or is liquidated into the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Investments owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of the redesignation, combination or transfer (or of the assets transferred or conveyed, as applicable).

Section 7.6. Sale of Assets. Make any Asset Sale (including, without limitation, the sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in a single transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower to any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder in effect on the date hereof)), except:

88

(a) any sale of assets that have consideration of at least 75% of which is cash or Permitted Investments; provided, that, any Designated Non-cash Consideration received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause that is at that time outstanding not in excess of the greater of (x) $525,000,000 and (y) 3.5% of Consolidated Total Assets at the time of the receipt of such Designated Non-cash Consideration (determined based on the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available and with the Fair Market Value of each item of Designated Non-cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) shall be deemed to be cash for purposes of this Section 7.6 but for no other purpose and such consideration, at the time such Asset Sale is agreed to, is at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the assets being sold, transferred, leased or disposed of;

(b) any Asset Sales in an aggregate amount not to exceed $30,000,000 during any Fiscal Year (provided, that any unused portion of such amount during any Fiscal Year shall be carried forward to succeeding Fiscal Years) and such consideration, at the time such Asset Sale is agreed to, is at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the assets being sold, transferred, leased or disposed of;

(c) any Asset Sales of (i) obsolete, worn-out, used or surplus property (including for purpose of recycling), and (ii) property no longer necessary for the operations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or economically practicable or commercially desirable to maintain (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $25,000,000; and

(d) in connection with the donation of the real property interest located at or about 18th and Broadway, Louisville, Kentucky.

Section 7.7. Transactions with Affiliates. Sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (c) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section7.5.

Section 7.8. Restrictive Agreements. Enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement (other than any Contractual Obligation binding on any HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to create, incur or permit any Lien upon any of its assets or properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, that secures the Obligations or (b) the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to its Capital Stock to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary, to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary, to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary or to transfer any of its property or assets to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided, that the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to (i) restrictions or conditions imposed by Law or by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) in the case of clause (a), customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to an Asset Sale, including the sale of a Restricted Subsidiary, pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the asset or property that is being sold and such sale is permitted hereunder and (iii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.1(c), (i) or (j) or Finance Lease Liabilities permitted by this Agreement; provided that, in each case under this clause (iii) the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such conditions and restrictions are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than such restrictions generally prevailing in the market for such Indebtedness or Finance Lease Liabilities at the time such Indebtedness or Finance Lease Liability is incurred.

89

Section 7.9. Reserved.

Section 7.10. Hedging Transactions. Enter into any Hedging Transaction, other than Hedging Transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities. Solely for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower acknowledges that a Hedging Transaction entered into for speculative purposes or of a speculative nature (which shall be deemed to include any Hedging Transaction under which the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries is or may become obliged to make any payment (i) in connection with the purchase by any third party of any Capital Stock or any Indebtedness or (ii) as a result of changes in the market value of any Capital Stock or any Indebtedness) is not a Hedging Transaction entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks.

Section 7.11. Reserved.

Section 7.12. Amendment to Organization Documents. Amend, modify or waive any of its rights in a manner materially adverse to the Lenders or any Loan Party under its Organization Documents.

Section 7.13. Amendments and Prepayment of Other Indebtedness.

(a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, prepay, redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire for value any Permitted Subordinated Debt other than payments of principal, interest or other payments on any Permitted Subordinated Debt to the extent permitted by the subordination provisions of the Subordinated Debt Documents.

(b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any prepayment of the Existing Notes, unless before and after giving effect to any prepayment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

(c) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, agree to or permit any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Indebtedness if as amended, modified or waived, such Indebtedness would not be permitted under Section 7.01.

(d) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, agree to or permit any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Subordinated Debt Document if the effect of such amendment, modification or waiver is to (i) increase the yield on such Permitted Subordinated Debt or change (to earlier dates) the dates upon which principal and interest are due thereon, (ii) alter the redemption, prepayment or subordination provisions thereof, (iii) alter the covenants and events of default in a manner that would make such provisions more onerous or restrictive to the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary or (iv) otherwise increase the obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Permitted Subordinated Debt or confer additional rights upon the holders thereof which individually or in the aggregate would be adverse to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders.

90

Section 7.14. Accounting Changes. Make any significant change in accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required or permitted by GAAP, or change the Fiscal Year of the Borrower or of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, except to change the fiscal year of a Restricted Subsidiary to conform its fiscal year to that of the Borrower.

Section 7.15. Government Regulation. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) be or become subject at any time to any law, regulation or list of any Governmental Authority of the United States (including, without limitation, the OFAC list) that prohibits or limits the Lenders or the Administrative Agent from making any advance or extension of credit to the Borrower or from otherwise conducting business with the Loan Parties, or (b) fail to provide documentary and other evidence of the identity of the Loan Parties as may be requested by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent at any time to enable the Lenders or the Administrative Agent to verify the identity of the Loan Parties or to comply with any applicable law or regulation, including, without limitation, Section 326 of the Patriot Act at 31 U.S.C. Section 5318.

Section 7.16. Reserved.

Section 7.17. Use of Proceeds.

(a) Use any part of the proceeds of any Loan, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would violate any rule or regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulations T, U or X.

(b) Request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, or use or allow its respective directors, officers, employees and agents to use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party.

ARTICLE VIII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Section 8.1. Events of Default. If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur:

(a) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or of any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment or otherwise; or

(b) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount payable under clause (a) of this Section 8.1 or an amount related to a Bank Product Obligation) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; or

91

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the Schedules attached thereto) and any amendments or modifications hereof or waivers hereunder, or in any certificate, report, financial statement or other document submitted to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by any Loan Party or any representative of any Loan Party pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be incorrect in any material respect (other than a representation or warranty that is expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall prove to be incorrect in all respects) when made or deemed made or submitted; or

(d) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in Sections 5.2, 5.3(a) (with respect to the Borrowers existence), 5.7, 5.9 or Articles VI or VII; or

(e) any Loan Party shall (i) fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.1, and such failure shall remain unremedied for 15 days, or (ii) fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those referred to in clauses (a), (b) and (d) above) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days, in each case of the foregoing, after the earlier of (A) any officer of any Loan Party becomes aware of such failure, or (B) notice thereof shall have been given to any Loan Party by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; or

(f) the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any subordinated Indebtedness shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable subordinated Indebtedness; or

(g) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (whether as primary obligor or as guarantor or other surety) shall fail to pay any principal of, or premium or interest on, any Material Indebtedness that is outstanding, when and as the same shall become due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument evidencing or governing such Indebtedness; or any other default or event of default shall occur under any agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event is to accelerate, or permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or any offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; or

(h) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall (i) commence a voluntary case or other proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar Law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (i) of this Section 8.1, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official for the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or

92

(i) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or its debts, or any substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar Law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official for the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall remain undismissed for a period of 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or

(j) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall become unable to pay or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; or

(k) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $100,000,000; or

(l) anyjudgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000, individually or in the aggregate, shall be rendered against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or

(m) anynon-monetaryjudgment or order shall be rendered against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or

(n) a Change in Control shall occur or exist; or

(o) any default or event of default (after giving effect to any grace period) shall have occurred and be continuing under the Subordinated Debt Documents or any Subordinated Debt Document shall cease to be in full force and effect or the validity or enforceability thereof is disaffirmed by or on behalf of any subordinated lender party thereto, or any Obligations fail to constitute Senior Indebtedness for purposes of the applicable Subordinated Debt Document, or all or any part of the Permitted Subordinated Debt is accelerated, is declared to be due and payable is required to be prepaid or redeemed, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; or

(p) any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or ceases to give the Administrative Agent any material part of the Liens purported to be created thereby; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document;

93

(q) any HMO Event has occurred and has remain unremedied for a period of 60 days following the occurrence thereof (or such shorter period of time, if any, as the HMO Regulator shall have imposed for the cure of such HMO Event); or

(r) an Exclusion Event shall have occurred and could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section 8.1) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the written request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, whereupon the Commitment of each Lender shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest on the Loans, and all other Obligations owing hereunder, to be, whereupon the same shall become, due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) exercise all remedies contained in any other Loan Document, and (iv) exercise any other remedies available at Law or in equity; and that, if an Event of Default specified in either clause (h) or (i) shall occur, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon, and all fees, and all other Obligations shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

Section 8.2. Application of Funds.

After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.1 (or immediately after an Event of Default specified in either clause (h) or (i) of Section 8.1), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:

(a) first, to the fees and other reimbursable expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until the same shall have been paid in full;

(b) second, to all reimbursable expenses, if any, of the Lenders then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until the same shall have been paid in full;

(c) third, to the fees due and payable under Sections 2.14(b) and (c) of this Agreement and interest then due and payable under the terms of this Agreement, until the same shall have been paid in full;

(d) fourth, to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans, the LC Exposure, the Bank Product Obligations and the Hedging Obligations that constitute Obligations, until the same shall have been paid in full, allocated pro rata among any Lender, any Lender-Related Hedge Provider and any Bank Product Provider, based on their respective Pro Rata Shares of the aggregate amount of such Revolving Loans, LC Exposure, Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations;

(e) fifth, to additional cash collateral for the aggregate amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit until the aggregate amount of all cash collateral held by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement is equal to 102% of the LC Exposure after giving effect to the foregoing clause fifth; and

94

(f) to the extent any proceeds remain, to the Borrower or other parties lawfully entitled thereto.

All amounts allocated to the Lenders pursuant to the foregoing clauses second through fourth as a result of amounts owed to the Lenders under the Loan Documents shall be allocated among, and distributed to, the Lenders pro rata based on their respective Pro Rata Shares; provided, that all amounts allocated to that portion of the LC Exposure comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to clause fourth and fifth shall be distributed to the Administrative Agent, rather than to the Lenders, and held by the Administrative Agent in an account in the name of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Loan Lenders as cash collateral for the LC Exposure, such account to be administered in accordance with Section 2.22(g).

Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hedging Obligations and Bank Product Obligations may be excluded from the application described above without any liability to the Administrative Agent, if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Lender-Related Hedge Provider or Bank Product Provider. Each Lender-Related Hedge Provider and Bank Product Provider not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party hereto.

ARTICLE IX

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

Section 9.1. Appointment of Administrative Agent.

(a) Each Lender irrevocably appoints Truist Bank as the Administrative Agent and authorizes it to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with all such actions and powers that are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by or through any one or more sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent or attorney-in-fact may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions set forth in this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent, attorney-in-fact or Related Party and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent.

(b) The Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith until such time and except for so long as the Administrative Agent may agree at the request of the Required Lenders to act for the Issuing Bank with respect thereto; provided that the Issuing Bank shall have all the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the application and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to the Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in this Article included the Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omissions and (ii) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to the Issuing Bank.

95

(c) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Document (or any similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.

Section 9.2. Nature of Duties of Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except those discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 11.2), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it, its sub-agents or its attorneys-in-fact with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 11.2) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (which notice shall include an express reference to such event being a Default or Event of Default hereunder) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements, or other terms and conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower) concerning all matters pertaining to such duties.

Section 9.3. Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent. Each of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each of the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis and decisions in taking or not taking any action under or based on this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities.

96

Section 9.4. Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent. If the Administrative Agent shall request instructions from the Required Lenders with respect to any action or actions (including the failure to act) in connection with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such act unless and until it shall have received instructions from such Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders where required by the terms of this Agreement.

Section 9.5. Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent may also rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts.

Section 9.6. The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity. The bank serving as the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and any other Loan Document in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent; and the terms Lenders, Required Lenders, Required Revolving Lender or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. The bank acting as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.

Section 9.7. Successor Administrative Agent.

(a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject to approval by the Borrower provided that no Default or Event of Default shall exist at such time. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed, and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or a bank which maintains an office in the United States. Any resignation by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as an Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder: (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender; (ii) the retiring Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the successor Issuing Bank shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangement satisfactory to the retiring Issuing Bank to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring Issuing Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit.

97

(b) Upon the acceptance of its appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. If, within 45 days after written notice is given of the retiring Administrative Agents resignation under this Section, no successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed and shall have accepted such appointment, then on such 45th day (i) the retiring Administrative Agents resignation shall become effective, (ii) the retiring Administrative Agent shall thereupon be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents and (iii) the Required Lenders shall thereafter perform all duties of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above. After any retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent and its representatives and agents in respect of any actions taken or not taken by any of them while it was serving as the Administrative Agent.

(c) In addition to the foregoing, if a Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, and if any Default has arisen from a failure of the Borrower to comply with Section 2.26(b), then the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender may, upon prior written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, resign as Issuing Bank or as Swingline Lender, as the case may be, effective at the close of business Charlotte, North Carolina time on a date specified in such notice (which date may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notice).

Section 9.8. Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. If the IRS or any authority of the United States or any other jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason), such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses, allocated staff costs and any out of pocket expenses.

98

Section 9.9. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.

(a) In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any Revolving Credit Exposure shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans or Revolving Credit Exposure and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent under Section 10.3) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

(b) Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 11.3.

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.

Section 9.10. Authorization to Execute Other Loan Documents. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute on behalf of all Lenders all Loan Documents (including, without limitation, any subordination agreements) other than this Agreement.

Section 9.11. Guaranty Matters. The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Loan Documents if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder or as otherwise consented to by the Lenders pursuant to Section 11.2. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Loan Documents pursuant to this Section. In each case as specified in this Section, the Administrative Agent is authorized, at the Borrowers expense, to execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Loan Documents, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section.

99

Section 9.12. Documentation Agent; Syndication Agent. Each party hereto hereby agrees that any Person designated as a Documentation Agent, Syndication Agent, Arranger or Bookrunner shall have no duties or obligations under any Loan Documents to any Lender or any Loan Party, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank.

Section 9.13. Right to Enforce Guarantee. Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to enforce the Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent.

Section 9.14. Hedging Obligations and Bank Product Obligations. No Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider that obtains the benefits of Section 8.2 by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any other Loan Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Bank Product Obligations and Hedging Obligations unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Bank Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider, as the case may be.

Section 9.15. Erroneous Payments.

(a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender, the Issuing Bank or a Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, the Issuing Bank or a Secured Party such Lender or Issuing Bank (any such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under Section 9.15(b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this Section 9.15(a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

100

(b) Without limiting Section 9.15(a), each Lender, the Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party such Lender or Issuing Bank, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case:

(i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and

(i) such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.15(b).

(c) Each Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under preceding clause (a).

(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 9.15(a), from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon the Administrative Agents notice to such Lender or Issuing Bank at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class) in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Acceptance by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Bank shall deliver any promissory notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank, and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender or Issuing Bank (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Bank and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights).

101

(e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment.

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine.

(g) Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.15 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Bank,the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document.

102

ARTICLE X

THE GUARANTY

Section 10.1. The Guaranty. Each Person that becomes a Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement agrees to jointly and severally guaranty to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each Affiliate of a Lender that enters into Bank Products or a Hedging Transaction with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and each other holder of the Obligations as hereinafter provided, as primary obligor and not as surety, the prompt payment of the Obligations in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms thereof. Each such Guarantor hereby further agrees that if any of the Obligations is not paid in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise), such Guarantor will, jointly and severally, promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal.

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any other of the Loan Documents or the other documents relating to the Obligations, the obligations of each Guarantor under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render such obligations subject to avoidance under applicable Debtor Relief Laws.

Section 10.2. Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantors under Section10.1 are joint and several, absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations, or any substitution, release, impairment or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Obligations, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor, it being the intent of this Section10.2 that the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances. Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, indemnity, reimbursement or contribution against the Borrower or any other Guarantor for amounts paid under this ArticleX until such time as the Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have expired or terminated. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of any Guarantor hereunder, which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above:

(a) at any time or from time to time, without notice to any Guarantor, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived;

(b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of any of the Loan Documents or any other document relating to the Obligations shall be done or omitted;

(c) the maturity of any of the Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under any of the Loan Documents or any other document relating to the Obligations shall be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Obligations or any security therefor shall be released, impaired or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;

103

(d) any Lien granted to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations as security for any of the Obligations shall fail to attach or be perfected; or

(e) any of the Obligations shall be determined to be void or voidable (including for the benefit of any creditor of any Guarantor) or shall be subordinated to the claims of any Person (including any creditor of any Guarantor).

With respect to its obligations hereunder, each Guarantor hereby expressly waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against any Person under any of the Loan Documents or any other document relating to the Obligations or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Obligations.

Section 10.3. Reinstatement. The obligations of each Guarantor under this ArticleX shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Person in respect of the Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Obligations, whether as a result of any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, and each Guarantor agrees that it will indemnify the Administrative Agent and each other holder of the Obligations on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent or such holder of the Obligations in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any Debtor Relief Law.

Section 10.4. Certain Additional Waivers. Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of recourse to security for the Obligations, except through the exercise of rights of subrogation pursuant to Section10.2 and through the exercise of rights of contribution pursuant to Section10.6.

Section 10.5. Remedies. The Guarantors agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the other holders of the Obligations, on the other hand, the Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as specified in Section9.02 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances specified in Section9.02) for purposes of Section10.1 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or preventing the Obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and that, in the event of such declaration (or the Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), the Obligations (whether or not due and payable by any other Person) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section10.1.

Section 10.6. Rights of Contribution. The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted under applicable Law. Such contribution rights shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the obligations of such Guarantors under the Loan Documents and no Guarantor shall exercise such rights of contribution until the Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have terminated.

Section 10.7. Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee. The guarantee in this ArticleX is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, is a continuing guarantee, and shall apply to the Obligations whenever arising.

104

Section 10.8. Keepwell. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each Specified Loan Party to honor all of such Specified Loan Partys obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.8 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.8 or otherwise under this Agreement voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.8 shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.8 constitute, and this Section 10.8 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of Section la(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.1. Notices.

(a) Written Notices. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications to any party herein to be effective shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:

To any Loan Party: 

Molina Healthcare, Inc.

200 Oceangate, Suite 100

Long Beach, CA 90802-4137

Attention: Mark Keim, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President

Facsimile: (562) 437-7235

Email: Mark.Keim@molinahealthcare.com

To the Administrative Agent: Truist Bank

3333 Peachtree Road, NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30326

Attention: Alexandra Korchmar

Facsimile: (404) 926-5173

Email: Alli.Korchmar@truist.com

With copies (for information purposes only) to: Truist Bank

Agency Services

303 Peachtree Street, N.E./25th Floor

Atlanta, Georgia 30308

Attention: Agency Services Manager

Facsimile: (404) 221-2001

Email:agency.services@truist.com

Truist Bank

3333 Peachtree Road

Atlanta, GA 30326

Attention: Ron Caldwell Molina Healthcare

Email: Ron.Caldwell@Truist.com

Facsimile: (404) 926-5248

105

To the Issuing Bank: 

Truist Bank

Attention: Standby Letter of Credit Dept.

303 Peachtree Street NE

3rd FL, Mail Code 803-05-25-60

Atlanta, Georgia 30308

Telephone: (800) 591-7847

To the Swingline Lender: Truist Bank

Agency Services

303 Peachtree Street, N.E. / 25th Floor

Atlanta, Georgia 30308

Attention: Agency Services Manager

Facsimile: (404) 221-2001

To any other Lender: To the address or facsimile number, set forth in the Administrative Questionnaire or the Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Lender.

Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and other communications shall be effective upon actual receipt by the relevant Person or, if delivered by overnight courier service, upon the first Business Day after the date deposited with such courier service for overnight (next-day) delivery or, if sent by telecopy, upon transmittal in legible form by facsimile machine or, if mailed, upon the third Business Day after the date deposited into the mail or, if delivered by hand, upon delivery; provided that notices delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender shall not be effective until actually received by such Person at its address specified in this Section.

Any agreement of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders herein to receive certain notices by telephone or facsimile is solely for the convenience and at the request of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on the authority of any Person purporting to be a Person authorized by the Borrower to give such notice and the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall not have any liability to the Borrower or other Person on account of any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in reliance upon such telephonic or facsimile notice. The obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans and all other Obligations hereunder shall not be affected in any way or to any extent by any failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders to receive written confirmation of any telephonic or facsimile notice or the receipt by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders of a confirmation which is at variance with the terms understood by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders to be contained in any such telephonic or facsimile notice.

(b) Electronic Communications.

(i) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including email and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II unless such Lender, the Issuing Bank, as applicable, and Administrative Agent have agreed to receive notices under such Section by electronic communication and have agreed to the procedures governing such communications. Administrative Agent or Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

106

(ii) Unless Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (B) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (C) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.

(iii) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System.

(iv) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Partys or the Administrative Agents transmission of Communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System.

Section 11.2. Waiver; Amendments.

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or any other Loan Document, and no course of dealing between any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent or any Lender,shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 11.2, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time.

107

(b) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including, without limitation, as provided in Section 2.16 with respect to the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement Rate or Conforming Changes (as set forth therein), no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (other than the Fee Letter), nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, that

(i) no amendment or waiver shall:

(A) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender;

(B) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby;

(C) postpone the date fixed for any payment of any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement or interest thereon or any fees hereunder or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date for the termination or reduction of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby;

(D) change Section 2.21(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby or change the provisions of Section 8.2, without the written consent of each Lender;

(E) change any of the provisions of this Section 11.2 or the definition of Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders which are required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the consent of each Lender;

(F) release the Borrower without the consent of each Lender, or, release all or substantially all of the Guarantors or limit the liability of all or substantially all of the Guarantors under any Guaranty, without the written consent of each Lender;

108

(G) subordinate, or enter into any amendment, waiver or consent having the effect of subordinating, the Obligations to any other Indebtedness without the written consent of each Lender unless each adversely affected Lender has been offered a reasonable, bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide or acquire its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness on the same economic terms received by the lenders providing such other Indebtedness; provided that this clause shall not apply to any Indebtedness that is expressly permitted by the Loan Documents as in effect on the Second Amendment Effective Date to be senior to the Loans and/or to be secured by a Lien that is senior to the Lien (if any) securing the Loans; or

(ii) prior to the Revolving Commitments Termination Date, unless also signed by Required Revolving Lenders, no such amendment or waiver shall, (i) with respect to any Revolving Borrowing, waive any Default or Event of Default for purposes of Section 3.2 (excluding clause (c) thereof), (ii) amend, change, waive, discharge or terminate Sections 3.2 or 8.1 in a manner adverse to such Lenders or (iii) amend, change, waive, discharge or terminate Article VI (or any defined term used therein) or this Section 11.2(a)(ii); or

(iii) unless also signed by Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) holding in the aggregate at least a majority of the outstanding amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan and any unfunded Delayed Draw Commitment, no such amendment or waiver shall (i) with respect to any Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing, waive any Default or Event of Default for purposes of Section 3.2, (ii) amend, change, waive, discharge or terminate Sections 3.2 or 8.1 in a manner adverse to such Lenders or (iii) amend, change, waive, discharge or terminate Article VI (or any defined term used therein) or this Section 11.2(a)(iii);

provided further, that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights, duties or obligations of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank without the prior written consent of such Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that (x) the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended, (y) amounts payable to such Lender hereunder may not be permanently reduced without the consent of such Lender (other than reductions in fees and interest in which such reduction does not disproportionately affect such Lender) and (z) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; (ii) this Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated (but such Lender shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 11.3), such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement; (iii) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein; and (iv) the Required Lenders shall determine whether or not to allow a Loan Party to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders.

109

The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into, and the Lenders agree that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be amended by, any agreement implementing an increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or the establishment of an Incremental Term Loan to the extent the Administrative Agent and the Borrower deem necessary in order to increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or establish the applicable Incremental Term Loan (it being agreed that modifications to the definitions of Commitments, Loans and Required Lenders or other provisions relating to voting provisions to provide the Persons providing the applicable increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or Incremental Term Loan with the benefit of such provisions will not, by themselves, be deemed to effect any of the changes described in Section 11.2(b)). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each agreement implementing an increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or establishing an Incremental Term Loan.

Section 11.3. Expenses; Indemnification.

(a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their Affiliates, and, if reasonably required, one special counsel and local counsel for each relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions)), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers thereof, (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary outside counsel and, if reasonably required, of one special and local counsel to the Lenders retained by the Lead Arranger in each applicable material jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions); provided, that, in the case of any actual or perceived conflict of interest, the Borrower shall be responsible for the fees and expenses of one additional counsel in each applicable material jurisdiction to each group of similarly situated parties taken as a whole (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)) and the allocated cost of inside counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 11.3, or in connection with the Loans made or any Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, each Lender and the Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, penalties and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any actual or alleged Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, penalties or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (x) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (including any Related Party of such Indemnitee), (y) a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for a material breach of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (z) any dispute among the Indemnitees (not arising as a result of any act or omission by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates) other than if brought by or against any Indemnitee in its agency role hereunder, or any settlement entered into by such Indemnitee without the Borrowers prior written consent. This Section 11.3(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

110

(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under clauses (a) or (b) hereof, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lenders Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided, that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified payment, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such.

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to actual or direct damages) arising out of, in connection with or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated therein, any Loan or any Letter of Credit or the use of proceeds thereof.

(e) All amounts due under this Section 11.3 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.

Section 11.4. Successors and Assigns.

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of clause (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of clause (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of clause (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in clause (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

111

(b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments, Loans, and other Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:

(i) Minimum Amounts.

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitments, Loans and other Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B) in any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitment (which for this purpose includes Revolving Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure outstanding thereunder or, if the Revolving Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Revolving Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure) or an unfunded Delayed Draw Commitment of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Acceptance, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $1,000,000 with respect to Delayed Draw Term Loans and $5,000,000 with respect to Revolving Commitments or unfunded Delayed Draw Commitments and in minimum increments of $1,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the applicable Loans, other Revolving Credit Exposure or Commitments assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations in respect of its Revolving Commitment (and the related Revolving Loans and other Revolving Credit Exposure thereunder), Delayed Draw Term Loan or unfunded Delayed Draw Commitment on a non-pro rata basis.

112

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition:

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) a Specified Event of Defaulthas occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for (x) assignments in respect of any unfunded Delayed Draw Commitment or any Revolving Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of the applicable facility subject to such assignment, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund and (y) assignments by Defaulting Lenders; and

(C) the consent of the Issuing Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding), and the consent of the Swingline Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Commitments.

(iv) Assignment and Acceptance. The parties to each assignment shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, (C) an Administrative Questionnaire unless the assignee is already a Lender and (D) the documents required under Section 2.20 if such assignee is a Foreign Lender.

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) to any Disqualified Institutions.

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural person.

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 11.4, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 11.3 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause (d) of this Section 11.4. If the consent of the Borrower to an assignment is required hereunder (including a consent to an assignment which does not meet the minimum assignment thresholds specified above), the Borrower shall be deemed to have given its consent five Business Days after the date notice thereof has actually been delivered by the assigning Lender (through the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower, unless such consent is expressly refused by the Borrower prior to such fifth Business Day.

113

(c) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in Charlotte, North Carolina a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Institution) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement.

(e) Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to the following to the extent affecting such Participant: (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment of any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement or interest thereon or any fees hereunder or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date for the termination or reduction of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.21(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section 11.4 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders which are required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the consent of each Lender, (vi) release any Guarantor or limit the liability of any such Guarantor under any Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender except to the extent such release is expressly provided under the terms of this Agreement or (vii) release all or substantially all collateral (if any) securing any of the Obligations. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, and 2.20 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.20(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.20(g) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 11.4; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.24 and 2.25 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 11.4; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.18 or 2.20, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with Borrower to effectuate the provision of Section 2.25 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section11.7 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.21 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) and proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

114

(f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(g) Disqualified Institutions.

(i) No assignment shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified Institution as of the date (the Trade Date) on which the applicable Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Borrower has consented to such assignment as otherwise contemplated by this Section 11.4, in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Institution for the purpose of such assignment). For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee that becomes a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Trade Date (including as a result of the delivery of a notice pursuant to, and/or the expiration of the notice period referred to in, the definition of Disqualified Institution in Section 1.1), such assignee shall not retroactively be considered a Disqualified Institution. Any assignment in violation of this clause (g)(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (g) shall apply.

115

(ii) If any assignment is made to any Disqualified Institution without the Borrowers prior consent in violation of clause (g)(i) above, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Revolving Commitment of such Institution Lender and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Institution in connection with such Revolving Commitment and/or (B) require such Disqualified Institution to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 11.4), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that meets the requirements of the foregoing clause (b) that shall assume such obligations at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof, and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Institution paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and other the other Loan Documents; provided, that, (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in the foregoing clause (b) and (ii) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Institutions (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Institution will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Institutions consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws (Plan of Reorganization), each Disqualified Institution party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Plan of Reorganization, (2) if such Disqualified Institution does vote on such Plan of Reorganization notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (g)(iii)(B)(y)(1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such Plan of Reorganization in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by any bankruptcy court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (g)(iii)(B)(y)(2).

(iv) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to: (A) post the list of Disqualified Institutions provided by the Borrower and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the DQ List) on the Platform, including that portion of the Platform that is designated for public side Lenders; or (B) provide the DQ List to each Lender requesting the same.

116

(h) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (i) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans or Commitments, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution.

Section 11.5. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

(a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the Law (without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof) of the State of New York.

(b) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusivejurisdiction of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such District Court or NewYork state court or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c) Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding described in paragraph (b) of this Section 11.5 and brought in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 11.5. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to the service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 11.1. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by Law.

Section 11.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

117

Section 11.7. Right of Setoff. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable Law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, each Lender and the Issuing Bank shall have the right, at any time or from time to time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply against all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) of the Borrower at any time held or other obligations at any time owing by such Lender and the Issuing Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all Obligations held by such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, irrespective of whether such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall have made demand hereunder and although such Obligations may be unmatured. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agree promptly to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower after any such set-off and any application made by such Lender and the Issuing Bank, as the case may be; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to apply all amounts collected from any such set-off to the Obligations before applying such amounts to any other Indebtedness or other obligations owed by the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries to such Lender or Issuing Bank. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 11.7, if at any time any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates maintains one or more deposit accounts for the Borrower or any other Loan Party into which Medicare and/or Medicaid receivables are deposited, such Person shall waive the right of setoff set forth herein.

Section 11.8. Counterparts; Integration. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts (including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement, the Fee Letter, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreement(s) relating to any fees payable to the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto and their affiliates regarding the subject matters hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, regarding such subject matters. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement and any other Loan Document by facsimile transmission or by any other electronic imaging means (including .pdf), shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement or such other Loan Document.

Section 11.9. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by any Loan Party herein, in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20, and 11.3 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. All representations and warranties made herein, in the Loan Documents, in the certificates, reports, notices, and other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the making of the Loans and the issuance of the Letters of Credit.

118

Section 11.10. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or thereof; and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 11.11. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to take normal and reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, to the extent designated in writing as confidential and provided to it by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except that such information may be disclosed (i) to any Related Party of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any such Lender including without limitation accountants, legal counsel and other advisors, (ii) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iii) to the extent requested by any regulatory agency or authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iv) to the extent that such information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.11, or which becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vii) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 11.11, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or (B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap or derivative or similar transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (viii) any rating agency, (ix) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization, or (x) with the consent of the Borrower. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of any information as provided for in this Section 11.11 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such information as such Person would accord its own confidential information.

Section 11.12. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which may be treated as interest on such Loan under applicable Law (collectively, the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate of interest (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by a Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 11.12 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Rate to the date of repayment (to the extent permitted by applicable Law), shall have been received by such Lender.

119

Section 11.13. Waiver of Effect of Corporate Seal. Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that neither it nor any other Loan Party is required to affix its corporate seal to this Agreement or any other Loan Document pursuant to any Law, agrees that this Agreement is delivered by Borrower under seal and waives any shortening of the statute of limitations that may result from not affixing the corporate seal to this Agreement or such other Loan Documents.

Section 11.14. Patriot Act. The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act.

Section 11.15. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees and acknowledges its Affiliates' understanding that that: (i) (A) the services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and/or the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of Borrower and the other Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate, and (C) Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary, for Borrower, any other Loan Party, or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and any Lender has any obligation to Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their Affiliates with respect to the transaction contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders has no obligation to disclose any of such interests to Borrower, any other Loan Party of any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each of Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waive and release any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and each Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

Section 11.16. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents.The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance or in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it.

120

Section 11.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent that such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority, and each party hereto agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder that may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable, (i) a reduction, in full or in part, or cancellation of any such liability, (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion, of such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to, or otherwise conferred on, it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.

Section 11.18. Certain ERISA Matters.

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement;

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement;

121

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.

In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).

Section 11.19. Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs.

(a) To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Obligation or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support; and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States.

(b) In the event that a Covered Entity that is a party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the Laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event that a Covered Party, or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party, becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

122

[SIGNATURE PAGES OMITTED]

123
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>moh-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>moh-20250219_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>moh-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>moh-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 19, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 1-31719

Entity, Tax Identification Number 13-4204626

Entity, Address, Address Line One 200 Oceangate, Suite 100

Entity, Address, City or Town Long Beach

Entity, Address, State or Province CA

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 90802

City Area Code 562

Local Phone Number 435-3666

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value

Trading Symbol MOH

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001179929

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.moh.com/20250219/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

moh-20250219.xsd 
moh-20250219_def.xml 
moh-20250219_lab.xml 
moh-20250219_pre.xml 
moh20250221_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-004747-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>moh20250221_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001179929 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

false 
0001179929 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC. 
DE 
1-31719 
13-4204626 
200 Oceangate, Suite 100 
Long Beach 
CA 
90802 
562 
435-3666 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 
MOH 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>