<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-047268.txt : 20250305
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-047268.hdr.sgml : 20250305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305164022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-047268
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TAMPA ELECTRIC CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096271
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				590475140
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05007
		FILM NUMBER:		25711870

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		702 N FRANKLIN ST
		STREET 2:		TECO PLZA
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132284111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TAMPA ELECTRIC CO
		STREET 2:		TECO PLAZA 702 N FRANKLIN ST
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d920091d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

TAMPA ELECTRIC COfalse000009627100000962712025-03-032025-03-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 3, 2025

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Florida 1-5007 59-0475140

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

TECO Plaza

702 N. Franklin Street

Tampa, Florida33602

(Address of principal executive offices)

(813)228-1111

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

On March 3, 2025, Tampa Electric Company (the Company) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters listed therein (collectively, the Underwriters), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and the Underwriters agreed to purchase, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.15% Notes due 2035 (collectively, the Notes). The Notes will be issued under a nineteenth supplemental indenture to be entered into with The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee. The offering of the Notes is scheduled to close on March 6, 2025. 

In order to furnish certain exhibits for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statements on Form S-3 previously filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (File No. 333-267890), the Company is including the Underwriting Agreement as Exhibit 1.5 hereto and the opinion of Troutman Pepper Locke LLP, regarding the validity of the Notes to be sold by the Company pursuant to such Underwriting Agreement, as Exhibit 5.3 hereto.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

1.5 Underwriting Agreement dated March 3, 2025, by and among J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. Filed herewith. 

5.3 Opinion of Troutman Pepper Locke LLP. Filed herewith. 

23.4 Consent of Troutman Pepper Locke LLP (included as part of their opinion filed herewith). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 5, 2025 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Michelle V. Szekeres

Michelle V. Szekeres

Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.5
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d920091dex15.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.5
<TEXT>
EX-1.5

Exhibit 1.5 

Execution Version 

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

$600,000,000 

5.15% Notes due
2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

March 3, 2025 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th
Floor 

New York, New York 10020 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina
28202 

As Representatives of the several 

Underwriters
listed in Schedule A hereto 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Tampa Electric Company, a Florida corporation (the Company), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to
issue and sell to the Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters), for whom J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as representatives (the
Representatives), an aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000 of 5.15% Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of July 1, 1998 (the Base
Indenture) between the Company, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Indenture Trustee), as heretofore amended and as supplemented by the nineteenth supplemental indenture dated as of March 6,
2025 (the Base Indenture, as so supplemented and amended, being referred to herein as the Indenture). 

The Company hereby confirms its agreement with each of the several Underwriters concerning
the purchase and sale of the Notes, as follows: 

SECTION 1. RepresentationsandWarranties. 

(a) Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, the
Time of Sale referred to in Section 1(a)(i), and as of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2(b) hereof, and agrees with each Underwriter, as follows: 

(i) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933Act). The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267890) (including all amendments thereto, any document incorporated by reference therein and any information in a prospectus or
prospectus supplement deemed or retroactively deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act), for the registration under the 1933 Act of the Notes. Such registration statement has become effective and has been
filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof, meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the 1933 Act and complies in all other respects with said Rule, and as amended at the date it became
effective, including the exhibits thereto, is hereinafter called the RegistrationStatement. The base prospectus relating to offerings of securities by the Company filed as part of the Registration Statement, in the form in
which it has most recently been filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; any preliminary prospectus, including any preliminary prospectus supplement used in
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) is hereinafter called the Preliminary Prospectus; the form of the final prospectus relating to the Notes filed with the Commission
pursuant to Section 3(a) of this Agreement is hereinafter called the Prospectus. If the Company has filed or files an abbreviated registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the 1933 Act (the Rule 462
Registration Statement), then any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall include such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Form S-3 which were filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the 1934 Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the 1934ActRegulations), on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base
Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be; and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the 1934 Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto, or any notice objecting to its use under Rule
401(g)(2), is in effect, and no proceedings for such purpose are pending before or threatened by the Commission. 

- 2 - 

At or prior to 3:15 p.m., on March 3, 2025 (such time and date, the
Time of Sale), the Company had prepared the following information (collectively, the Time of Sale Information): a Preliminary Prospectus dated March 3, 2025, which shall include the Base Prospectus, and
each free writing prospectus, as defined pursuant to Rule 405 under the 1933 Act, including the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 3(a) hereof, listed on Annex A hereto. 

(ii) PreliminaryProspectus. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus has
been issued by the Commission, and each Preliminary Prospectus, at the time of filing thereof, complied in all material respects with the 1933 Act and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements
or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus. 

(iii) Time of Sale Information. The Time of Sale Information, at the Time of Sale did not, and at the Closing Time (as
hereinafter defined) will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such
Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in such Time of Sale Information. No statement of material fact included in the Prospectus has been omitted from the Time of Sale Information and no statement of material fact included in the
Time of Sale Information that is required to be included in the Prospectus has been omitted therefrom. 

(iv) Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus. Other than the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Underwriters in their capacity as such) has not made, used, prepared, authorized, approved or
referred to and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Notes (each such
communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in clause (i) below) an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus
pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the 1933 Act or Rule 134 under the 1933 Act or (ii) the documents listed on Annex A hereto and other written communications approved in writing in advance by the Representatives. Each such Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus complied in all material respects with the 1933 Act, has been filed in accordance with the 1933 Act (to the extent required thereby) and, when taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying an Issuer Free Writing

- 3 - 

Prospectus, or delivered prior to delivery of such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, did not, and at the Closing Time will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or
omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. 

(v) IncorporatedDocuments.The documents incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Time of Sale Information, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the 1933 Act or
the 1934 Act Regulations, as applicable, and none of such documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Time of Sale Information as contemplated by Section 3(e), when such
documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and no such documents were filed with the Commission since the
Commissions close of business on the business day immediately prior to the date of this Agreement and prior to the execution of this Agreement, except as set forth on Annex A to this Agreement. 

(vi) Registration Statement and Prospectus. As of the effective date of the Registration Statement and, in the case of
the Prospectus, as of its date, when, prior to the Closing Time, any amendment to the Registration Statement becomes effective (including the filing of any document incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement), when any amendment or
supplement to the Prospectus is filed with the Commission and at the Closing Time, (i) the Registration Statement, as then amended as of any such time, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented as of any such time, and the Indenture will
comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the 1939 Act), and the 1934 Act, and (ii) neither each part of the Registration Statement, as then
amended as of such time, nor the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented as of such time, will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations or warranties as to (i) that part of the Registration Statement which constitutes the Statement of Eligibility (Form T-1) under the 1939 Act of the indenture trustee or (ii) the information contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto in reliance upon
and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

- 4 - 

(vii) StatusoftheCompany. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida, and has the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and the Indenture and to own its property and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

(viii) Authorization of Company Agreements. The Notes and the Indenture (collectively, the Transaction
Documents) have each been duly authorized by the Company, and, at the Closing Time, will each have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and, in the case of the Notes, when validly issued by the Company and validly authenticated
and delivered by the Indenture Trustee, and, in the case of the Indenture, when validly executed and delivered by the Indenture Trustee, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, and to general equitable
principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); the Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act; the Notes are entitled to the benefits of the Indenture; and the Transaction Documents will conform in all material
respects to the descriptions thereof in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

(ix) AuthorizationofAgreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(x)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Indenture and this Agreement, and the issuance and sale of the Notes and compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions of the Indenture, this Agreement and the Notes will
not result in a breach or violation by the Company of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) by the Company under, (A) any statute, rule,
regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or its property, (B) any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or
to which any of the property of the Company is subject, except where such breaches, defaults or violations would not have a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, or on the results of operations or business affairs of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect); or (C) the charter or by-laws of the Company; and
the Company has full power and authority to authorize, issue and sell the Notes as contemplated by this Agreement. 

- 5 - 

(xi) Absence of Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, there are no pending actions, suits or proceedings against or affecting the Company or any of its property that, if determined adversely to the Company, would individually or in the aggregate
have a Material Adverse Effect, or would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Indenture, as applicable, or which are otherwise material in the context of the sale of the
Notes; and no such actions, suits or proceedings are, to the Companys knowledge, threatened or contemplated. 

(xii)
No Material Adverse Change in Business. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the Prospectus or the Time of Sale
Information there has been no material adverse change in the condition (financial or other), business, property or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

(xiii) Absence of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order,
registration, qualification or decree of, any court or governmental authority or agency (including, without limitation, the Florida Public Service Commission) is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder,
or in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the Notes hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except such as have been already obtained or made or as may be required under the 1933 Act or the
rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the 1933 Act Regulations) or state securities laws. 

(xiv) Qualification. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in all
jurisdictions in which its ownership or lease of real property or in which the conduct of its business requires qualification as a foreign corporation and in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(xv) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company, together with related notes, incorporated in the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus directly or by reference present fairly, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (except as stated therein), the financial position and
the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the respective periods to which they apply. The interactive data in eXtensbile Business Reporting Language and any schedules included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

- 6 - 

(xvi) Auditors. Ernst & Young LLP are independent registered
public accountants with respect to the Company within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and as required by the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations. 

(xvii) Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and, upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as herein contemplated
and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus, will not be, an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). 

(xviii) Internal Accounting Controls. The
Company, together with Emera Incorporated (Emera) and Emeras other direct and indirect subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that: (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of their financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (D) the recorded accountability for their assets is
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (E) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement is in compliance with the Commissions published rules, regulations and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(xix) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a- 15 and 15d-14 under the 1934 Act); such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information
relating to the Company is made known to the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company by others within the Company, and such disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably effective to perform the functions for which
they were established subject to the limitations of any such control system; the Companys auditors and the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company have been advised of: (A) any significant deficiencies in the design or
operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data; and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
role in the Companys internal controls; and, since the date of the most recent evaluation of such disclosure controls and procedures, there have been no significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly
affect internal controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

(xx) Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

- 7 - 

(xxi) Statusunderthe1933Act. The Company is not an ineligible issuer, as defined under the 1933 Act, at the times specified in the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Notes, without taking account of any determination by the
Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. The Company has paid the registration fee for this offering pursuant to Rule 457 under the 1933 Act or will pay such fees within the time
period required by such rule (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and in any event prior to the Closing Time. 

(xxii) Cuba. The Company has complied with all applicable provisions of Section 517.075 of the Florida Statutes
relating to doing business with the Government of Cuba or with any person or affiliate located in Cuba. 

(xxiii)
Environmental Laws. Except as described in the Registration Statement, Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus and except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) the Company is not in
violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree
or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and
regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos-containing materials or mold (collectively,
Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company has all
permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws, and is in compliance with their requirements, (C) there are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company after reasonable investigation, threatened
administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company and (D) there are no events
or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or
affecting the Company relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. 

(xxiv) No Conflict with Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (ii) the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions and the rules and regulations thereunder and (iii) any related or similar rules, regulations

- 8 - 

or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any court, arbitrator, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body or other authority or agency (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws). No action, suit or proceeding by or before any court, arbitrator, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body or other authority or agency involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. 

(xxv) No UnlawfulContributions orOtherPayments. Neither the Company nor any controlled affiliate of the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company has taken or will take any action, directly or
indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or
any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to pay or authorization of the giving of anything of
value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA. The Company has conducted its business in
compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and has instituted and maintains and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and with the representation and warranty
contained herein. 

(xxvi) No Conflict with OFAC Laws. Neither the Company nor any controlled affiliate of the
Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government, (including, without limitation, the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked
person), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT) or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the
Company located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kerson regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria (each, a SanctionedCountry). The Company will
not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person to (i) fund or facilitate any activities or business of or
with any person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) use in any other
manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any person (including any person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). Since April 24, 2019, the Company has not knowingly engaged in, is
not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions. 

- 9 - 

(xxvii) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Time of Sale
Information and the Prospectus, or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or its subsidiaries
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, and vendors), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data);
(ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (iii) the
Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes, governmental regulations, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification; and (iv) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable backup and disaster recovery technology. 

(xxviii) Officers Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company delivered to the
Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby. 

SECTION 2. SaleandDeliverytoUnderwriters,Closing. 

(a) Notes. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth,
the Company agrees to sell to each Underwriter and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company, at a purchase price equal to 99.081% of the principal amount of the Notes and on such other terms as are set forth
in Annex B, the principal amount of Notes set forth in ScheduleA opposite the name of such Underwriter, plus any additional amount of Notes which such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to the
provisions of Section 11 hereof. 

(b) Payment. Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Notes shall be made at
the offices of the Representatives, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on the third business day after the date hereof (unless postponed in accordance with the
provisions of Section 11), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called the Closing
Time). 

Payment shall be made by the Representatives to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank
account(s) designated by the Company to the Representatives against delivery of the Notes in the form of one or more permanent global securities in definitive form (the Global Securities) deposited with the Indenture Trustee as
custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), registered in the name of Cede & Co., as 

- 10 - 

nominee for DTC, and to be credited to each Underwriters account at DTC. Interests in any permanent global securities will be held only in book-entry form through DTC, except in the limited
circumstances described in the Prospectus. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representatives, for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes which it has agreed to
purchase. 

(c) Registration. The Global Securities will be made available for examination by the Representatives at the office of
DTC or its designated custodian at least one business day prior to the Closing Time. 

(d) Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Underwriters are acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to the offering of the Notes contemplated hereby (including in connection with determining the terms of
the offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Company or any other person. Additionally, neither the Representatives nor any other Underwriter is advising the Company or any other person as to any legal, tax,
investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions
contemplated hereby, and the Underwriters shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company with respect thereto. Any review by the Underwriters of the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such
transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Underwriters and shall not be on behalf of the Company. 

SECTION3.CovenantsoftheCompany.The Company covenants with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. Subject to Section 3(b), it will prepare the Prospectus in a
form approved by the Representatives and file such Prospectus (pursuant to Rule 424(b) within the time prescribed under Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B), prepare a final term sheet containing solely a description of the Notes in a form approved by the
Representatives and attached hereto as AnnexB, and file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the 1933 Act and all other material required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the
1933 Act within the time required by such Rule. The Company will notify the Representatives immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective, or any
supplement to the Prospectus or any amended Prospectus shall have been filed, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, and (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any
preliminary prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any such purposes. It will promptly effect the filings necessary
pursuant to Rule 424(b) and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will
promptly file such prospectus. It will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

- 11 - 

(b) Amendments. It will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or
prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise; it will furnish the Representatives
with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object;
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to any of the Companys filings with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the 1934 Act if filed after the completion of the distribution of the
Notes. 

(c) DeliveryofRegistrationStatements. It has furnished or will deliver to each
of the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, one conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and
documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and one conformed copy of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to each of the Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration
Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR), except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d) Deliveryof Prospectuses and Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. It has delivered to each Underwriter, without charge, as
many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus relating to the Notes as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and it hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. It will
furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (including in circumstances where such requirements may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), such number
of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus furnished to
the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. It will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1934 Act
Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Notes,
any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus so that the Prospectus
will not include any 

- 12 - 

untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is
delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933
Act Regulations, it will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
comply with such requirements, and it will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. 

(f) Blue Sky Qualifications. It will use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Notes for offering and
sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representatives may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Notes;
provided, however, that it shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject
itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Notes have been so qualified, it will file such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of
such jurisdiction to continue such qualification in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Notes. 

(g) Rule
158. It will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits
contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act. 

(h) UseofProceeds. It will
cause the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Notes to be used in the manner specified in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds. 

(i) RestrictiononSaleofNotes. During the period from the date hereof through
and including the business day following the Closing Time, it will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, offer, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of any debt securities issued by the Company and having a tenor of
more than one year. 

(j) Reporting Requirements. During the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933
Act or the 1934 Act, the Company will file or cause to be filed all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations. 

(k) Record Retention. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the 1933 Act. 

- 13 - 

SECTION 4. AdditionalAgreements. 

(a) The Company represents and agrees that, other than the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 3(a) hereof and
attached hereto as AnnexB, without the consent of the Representatives, it has not made and it will not make any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405
under the 1933 Act. 

(b) Each Underwriter hereby represents and agrees that it has not and will not make any offer relating to the Notes
that would constitute a free writing prospectus that is required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433 under the 1939 Act; provided that Underwriters may use a term sheet substantially in the form of Annex B hereto
without the consent of the Company. 

SECTION 5. PaymentofExpenses. 

(a) Expenses. The Company will pay or cause to be paid all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement,
including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits and the Forms T-1) as originally filed and of each amendment thereto,
(ii) the printing and reproduction of this Agreement, the Indenture and such other documents as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Notes, (iii) the preparation, issuance and
delivery of the Notes to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Notes to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel,
accountants and other advisors, (v) the qualification of the Notes under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the
Underwriters in connection therewith (which fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters shall not exceed $15,000), (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of each Base Prospectus, Preliminary Prospectus, Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus and of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the trustees in connection with the Indenture and the
Notes, (viii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Notes, and (ix) the fees and expenses incident to the performance of the Companys other obligations hereunder. 

(b) Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives in accordance with the provisions of
Section 6(i), Section 10(a)(i) or Section 10(a)(iii), to the extent terminated due to the suspension of trading in any securities of the Company or Emera, the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters. 

SECTION 6.Conditions of Underwriters Obligations.The obligations of the several Underwriters
hereunder are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 1(a) hereof, at and as of the Time of Sale and the Closing Time, to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other
obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions: 

- 14 - 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Prospectus shall have been filed
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by the 1933 Act Regulations and in accordance with Section 3(a) hereof; each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433; the final term sheet contemplated by Section 3(a) hereof, and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act, shall have been filed with the Commission
within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings by Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, including any Rule 462 Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto pursuant to Rule
401(g)(2) or pursuant to Section 8A under the 1933 Act, or any notice objecting to its use, shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission. 

(b) OpinionsofCounselfortheCompany. At Closing Time, the
Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of (i) Troutman Pepper Locke LLP, outside counsel for the Company, to the effect set forth in Exhibit A-1 hereto
and (ii) Michelle V. Szekeres, Esq., Associate General Counsel of the Company, to the effect set forth in Exhibit A-2 hereto, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the
Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters and addressed to the Underwriters. In giving such opinion such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other
than the laws of the State of Florida and New York and the federal laws of the United States, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representatives. Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they
have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, certificates of representatives of the applicable trustees and certificates of public officials. In rendering its opinion, Troutman Pepper Locke LLP may rely
as to matters of Florida law upon the opinion of Michelle V. Szekeres, Esq. 

(c) Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters. At Closing
Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time, of Ropes & Gray LLP, the counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other
Underwriters and addressed to the Underwriters with respect to such matters as the Representatives may reasonably request. In giving such opinion such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the federal
law of the United States and the laws of the State of New York, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to the Representatives. Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent
they deem proper, upon certificates of officers of the Company, certificates of representatives of the applicable trustees and certificates of public officials. In rendering its opinion, Ropes & Gray LLP may rely as to matters of Florida
law upon the opinion of Michelle V. Szekeres, Esq. 

- 15 - 

(d) OfficersCertificate. At Closing Time, there shall not
have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Time of Sale Information, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the results of operations or business
affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, and the Representatives shall have received a certificate of the President, a Vice President or a Treasurer of the Company and of the chief
financial or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any notice objecting to its use, has been issued and no proceedings for
that purpose have been instituted or are pending or are, to the knowledge of such officers, contemplated by the Commission, and, to their knowledge after reasonable investigation, that (i) there has been no such material adverse change,
(ii) the representations and warranties in Section 1(a) hereof are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of Closing Time, and (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and
satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to Closing Time. 

(e) AccountantsComfortLetter. At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from Ernst & Young LLP, the Companys independent registered public accountant, a letter dated such date,
in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letters for each of the other Underwriters and addressed to the Underwriters containing statements and information of the type ordinarily
included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information
and the Prospectus. 

(f) Bring-Down Comfort Letter. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received from
Ernst & Young LLP, the Companys independent registered public accountant, a letter, dated as of the Closing Time, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters and addressed to the
Underwriters, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letters furnished pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the
Closing Time. 

(g) MaintenanceofRating. At the Closing Time, the Notes shall be rated by each of
Moodys Investors Service, Inc., S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings Inc. as set forth in Annex B hereto. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any
intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change in the rating assigned to the Notes or any of the Companys debt securities by any nationally recognized
statistical rating organization, as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act, and no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review its rating of the Notes or any of the
Companys other debt securities. 

(h) Additional Documents. At the Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been
furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties,
or the fulfillment of any of the conditions contained herein; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives
and counsel for the Underwriters. 

- 16 - 

(i) TerminationofAgreement. If any condition specified
in this Section shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time at or prior to the Closing Time and such termination shall be without
liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 5 and except that Sections 1, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

SECTION 7. Indemnification. 

(a)
IndemnificationofUnderwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates within the meaning of Rule 405 under the 1933 Act, and
each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act, as follows: 

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any Base Prospectus, Preliminary Prospectus, Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus (or
any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate
amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject
to Section 7(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); and 

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the
Representatives), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue
statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above; provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent
arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue 

- 17 - 

statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the
Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any
liability which the Company may otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter,
severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the
1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or
omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of such Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), the Base
Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(c)
Actions against Parties, Notification. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the
indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified
party otherwise than under this Section 7. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein, and
to the extent that it may elect by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified
party; provided, however, that if the defendants (including impleaded parties) in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded after
consultation with counsel that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to
select separate counsel to assert such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its
election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 7 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by
such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof (other than the reasonable costs of investigation) unless (i) the 

- 18 - 

indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in connection with the assertion of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence (it being understood,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (in addition to local counsel) representing the indemnified parties), (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel
satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the indemnifying party has authorized the employment of counsel for the indemnified party at
the expense of the indemnifying party. Subject to Section 7(d), no indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any
litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 7 or Section 8
hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such
litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

(d) Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party
to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 7(a)(ii) effected without its written consent if 

(i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such
indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with
such request prior to the date of such settlement. 

SECTION 8.Contribution.If the indemnification provided for
in Section 7 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to
the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand
and the Underwriters on the other hand from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only
the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses,
liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 

The relative benefits received by the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Notes
pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate public offering price of
the Notes as set forth on such cover. 

- 19 - 

The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or by an
Underwriter in writing through the Representatives and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8 were determined
by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 8. The aggregate
amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 8 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in
investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Notes underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any
such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

For purposes of this Section 8, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or
Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. The Underwriters respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 8 are
several in proportion to the principal amount of Notes set forth opposite their respective names in Schedule A hereto and not joint. 

SECTION 9.
Survival. 

The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the
Underwriters contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the delivery of and payment for the Notes to the Underwriters
and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any of them or any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents or controlling persons. 

- 20 - 

SECTION 10. Termination of Agreement.

(a) Termination; General. The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to Closing
Time (i) if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any material adverse change (or event involving a prospective change) in the condition,
financial or otherwise, or in the results of operations, or business affairs of the Company, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the
United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to
offer, sell and deliver the Notes, or (iii) if trading in any securities of the Company or Emera has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the Toronto Stock Exchange or the Barbados Stock Exchange, the effect of which is
such as to make it, in the reasonable judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to offer, sell and deliver the Notes, or if trading generally on the Toronto Stock Exchange, the Barbados Stock Exchange, the NYSE American LLC or
the New York Stock Exchange or in the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market or the NASDAQ Capital Market has been suspended or materially limited (other than to provide for an orderly market), or minimum or maximum prices for trading
have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. or any other governmental authority, or (iv) if a
banking moratorium has been declared by either Canadian, federal or New York authorities. 

(b) Liabilities. If this Agreement is
terminated pursuant to this Section, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 5 hereof, and provided, further that Sections 1, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive such
termination and remain in full force and effect. 

SECTION 11.Default by One or More of the Underwriters.If one or
more of the Underwriters shall fail at Closing Time to purchase the Notes which it or they are obligated to purchase under this Agreement (the Defaulted Securities), the Representatives shall have the right, within 24 hours
thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such principal amounts as
may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representatives shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24- hour period, then: 

(a) if the aggregate principal amount of the Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be
purchased on such date, each of the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting
obligations hereunder bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or 

- 21 - 

(b) if the aggregate principal amount of the Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be purchased on such date, this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter. 

No action taken pursuant to this Section shall relieve any underwriter from liability in respect of its default. 

In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of this Agreement either (i) the Representatives or (ii) the
Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or Prospectus or in any other documents or
arrangements. As used herein, the term Underwriter includes any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section 11. 

SECTION
12.Notices.All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the
Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at the addresses set forth on ScheduleB; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at TECO Plaza, 702 North Franklin Street, Tampa, Florida 33602, Facsimile: (813) 228-1328, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

SECTION 13.Parties.This Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Underwriters, the Company and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the
Underwriters, the Company and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 7 and 8 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in
respect of this Agreement or any provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Underwriters, the Company and their respective successors, and said
controlling persons and officers, directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Notes from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such
purchase. 

SECTION 14.Underwriters Information.The parties hereto acknowledge and
agree that the only information provided by any Underwriter to the Company through the Representatives specifically for use in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or Prospectus shall be the statements contained in the
(i) the names set forth in the table of Underwriters after the first paragraph of text under the heading Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) in the Prospectus, (ii) the fourth, eighth and ninth paragraphs, and the third and
fourth sentences of the fifth paragraph, under the heading Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) and (iii) the last sentence under the heading Conflicts of Interest under the heading Underwriting (Conflicts of
Interest) in the Prospectus. 

- 22 - 

SECTION 15.Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event
that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective
to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution
Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) For purposes of this Section
a BHCActAffiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of
the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

(c) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S.Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

SECTION 16.GOVERNING LAW AND
TIME.THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. 

SECTION 17.EffectofHeadings.The Article and Section headings
herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

SECTION18.Counterparts.This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

SECTION 19.Electronic Signatures.The words execution, signed, signature,
delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, the Notes or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement or the Notes shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of
records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties
hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

- 23 - 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to us the
enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement between the Company and the Underwriters. 

Very truly yours,

TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Gregory W. Blunden

Name: Gregory W. Blunden

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey S. Chronister

Name: Jeffrey S. Chronister

Title: Vice President Finance

[Signature Page to Tampa Electric Company Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above. 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

By: 

/s/ Robert Bottamedi

Name: Robert Bottamedi

Title: Executive Director

For itself and the other Underwriters named in Schedule A to the foregoing Agreement. 

[Signature Page to Tampa Electric Company Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above. 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

By: 

/s/ Lee Schreibstein

Name: Lee Schreibstein

Title: Executive Director

For itself and the other Underwriters named in Schedule A to the foregoing Agreement. 

[Signature Page to Tampa Electric Company Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above. 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

By: 

/s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: Carolyn Hurley

Title: Managing Director

For itself and the other Underwriters named in Schedule A to the foregoing Agreement. 

[Signature Page to Tampa Electric Company Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriter Principal Amount 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 87,000,000.00 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $ 87,000,000.00 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $ 87,000,000.00 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC $ 60,000,000.00 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC $ 60,000,000.00 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. $ 60,000,000.00 

BMO Capital Markets $ 30,000,000.00 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 30,000,000.00 

CIBC World Markets Corp. $ 30,000,000.00 

TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 30,000,000.00 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 30,000,000.00 

Academy Securities, Inc. $ 4,500,000.00 

Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. $ 4,500,000.00 

Total $ 600,000,000.00 

SCHEDULE B 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate
Desk 

Facsimile: (212) 834-6081

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th
Floor 

New York, New York 10020 

Attention: Capital Markets
Group 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street,
5th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Attention:
Transaction Management 

Email: tmgcapitalmarkets@wellsfargo.com 

Exhibit A-1 

FORM OF OPINION AND NEGATIVE 

ASSURANCE OF TROUTMAN PEPPER 

LOCKE
LLP, COMPANY COUNSEL 

TO BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 6(b)(i) 

Capitalized
terms used herein shall have the same definitions as set forth in the underwriting agreement (the Agreement) to which this Exhibit A-1 is attached. 

(i) The Company is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida and has the
corporate power to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented, and to execute and deliver each of the Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes (the Indenture and the Notes, collectively, the
Transaction Documents) and to perform its obligations thereunder. 

(ii) The Agreement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(iii) The Transaction Documents have each been duly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Company, and, in the case of the Notes, when validly authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee, and, in the case of the Indenture, when validly executed and delivered by the Indenture Trustee, will constitute
valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and to general equity principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and the Notes are entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

(iv) The Registration Statement is a registration statement under the 1933 Act that has become effective and has been filed not
more than three years prior to the date of the Agreement; any required filing of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b); and, to the best
of our knowledge, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the 1933 Act, no notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the 1933 Act has been issued under the 1933 Act, and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or threatened by the Commission. 

(v) The Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus,
excluding in each case the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, excluding in each case the documents incorporated by reference therein, as of their respective
effective or issue dates (other than the financial statements and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom and the Statements of Eligibility on Form T-1 of the applicable trustees, as to
which we express no opinion) complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act. 

(vi) The documents incorporated by reference in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus (other than the financial
statements and supporting schedules included therein or omitted therefrom, and the Statements of Eligibility on Form T-1 of the applicable trustees, as to which we express no opinion), when they became
effective or were filed with the Commission, or as subsequently amended or supplemented prior to the date of the Agreement, as the case may be, complied as to form at the time of such effectiveness or filing in all material respects with the
requirements of the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations. 

(vii) No filing, registration or qualification with, or
authorization, approval consent, license, order, or decree of, any court or governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign (other than under the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, which have been obtained or made) is necessary or required
in connection with the due authorization, execution and delivery of the Agreement or the Indenture by the Company or for the offering, issuance, sale or delivery of the Notes; provided, that we express no opinion as to the securities or blue
sky laws of the various states. 

(viii) The execution, and delivery by the Company of the Agreement and the Transaction
Documents do not, and the performance by it of its obligations thereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Agreement and in the Registration Statement (including the issuance and sale of the Notes and the use of the
proceeds from the sale of the Notes as described in the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) will not, (i) constitute a breach of, or default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance
upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to any agreement or instrument that is listed as an exhibit to the Companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 or any of the
Companys Forms 10-Q or 8-K filed subsequent thereto but on or prior to the date of such opinion (it being understood that we express no opinion as to compliance
with any financial covenant or test, or cross-default provision of any such agreement or instrument, or (ii) violate (a) the charter or by-laws of the Company, (b) any applicable law, statute, rule
or regulation, or (c) any judgment, order, writ or decree, applicable to the Company and known to us, of any government, government instrumentality or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its property, assets or operations. 

(ix) The Company is not and, after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated by the Agreement, will not be an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act. 

(x) The Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act. 

(xi) The statements made in the Prospectus under the caption Description of the Notes, insofar as such statements
purport to constitute a summary of the terms of any of the Transaction Documents, constitute accurate summaries thereof in all material respects. 

We have participated in conferences with officers and other representatives of the Company, representatives of the Underwriters,
representatives of the independent public accountants for the Company, your representatives, and your counsel at which conferences the contents of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus and related matters were
discussed and, although we have not independently verified, are not passing upon and do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information
or the Prospectus (except as otherwise set forth in our separate opinion letter to you of even date herewith), we advise you that, on the basis of the foregoing, no facts have come to our attention that cause us to believe that (i) any part of
the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto, at the time such Registration Statement or any such amendment became effective (including the information deemed to be part of the Registration Statement at the time it became effective pursuant
to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act), contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) the Time of Sale Information,
taken as a whole, at the Time of Sale included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, or (iii) the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, as of its date or as of the date hereof, included or includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; it being understood that we express no view as to the Forms T-1 or the financial statements, including
the notes thereto and supporting schedules, or any other financial data contained or included in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus. 

Exhibit A-2 

FORM OF OPINION AND NEGATIVE ASSURANCE OF MICHELLE V. 

SZEKERES ASSOCIATE GENERAL COUNSEL, TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY 

TO BE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 6(b)(ii) 

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the same definitions as set forth in the underwriting agreement (the Agreement) to
which this Exhibit A-2 is attached. 

(i) The Company is validly existing as a
corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida, and has the corporate power to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented, and to execute and deliver the Agreement,
the Notes and the Indenture (collectively, the Company Agreements) and to perform its obligations thereunder. 

(ii) The Company Agreements have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(iii) All consents, governmental approvals, licenses or authorizations required to be obtained by the Company before the date
hereof for its execution, delivery and performance of the Company Agreements have been obtained and are in full force and effect. To my knowledge, there is no proceeding pending or threatened that seeks, or may reasonably be expected, to rescind,
terminate, modify, suspend, or withhold any of the consents, approvals, licenses, or authorizations referred to in this paragraph. 

I also
confirm to you that to my knowledge, there is no action, suit, or other proceeding at law or in equity, or any arbitration proceeding, by or before any governmental agency or arbitrator now pending or overtly threatened in writing against the
Company challenging the validity or enforceability of, or seeking to enjoin the performance of, any of the Company Agreements. 

I, or
attorneys under my supervision, have participated in conferences with officers and other representatives of the Company, representatives of the Underwriters, representatives of the independent public accountants for the Company and your counsel at
which the contents of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus and related matters were discussed and, although I have not independently verified, am not passing upon and do not assume any responsibility for the
accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus, I advise you that, on the basis of the foregoing, no facts have come to my attention that cause me to
believe that (i) any part of the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto, at the time such Registration Statement or any such amendment became effective (including the information deemed to be part of the Registration Statement at the
time it became effective pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act), contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
(ii) the 

Time of Sale Information, taken as a whole, at the Time of Sale included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (iii) the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, as of its date or as of the date hereof, included or includes an untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; it being understood that I express no view as to the Forms T-1 or the financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules, or any other financial data contained or included in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus.

ANNEX A 

1. Pricing Term Sheet, dated March 3, 2025, containing the terms governing the Notes, substantially in the form of Annex B to this
Agreement, filed with the Commission on March 3, 2025 pursuant to Rule 433. 

ANNEX B 

Time of Sale Information 

Pricing
Term Sheet Filed Pursuant to Rule 433(d) 

Registration Statement No. 333-267890 

March 3, 2025 

The following sets forth
the final terms of the 5.15% Notes due 2035 (the Notes) and should only be read together with the preliminary prospectus supplement dated March 3, 2025 (the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement), including the documents
incorporated by reference therein, and the accompanying base prospectus. This free writing prospectus supersedes the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement to the extent inconsistent with the information in the Preliminary Prospectus
Supplement. In all other respects, this free writing prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the accompanying base prospectus. Terms
used herein but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings as set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. 

Issuer:

Tampa Electric Company

Principal Amount: $600,000,000

Maturity: March 1, 2035

Coupon: 5.150%

Initial Price to Public: 99.7310% of the principal amount

Yield to Maturity: 5.185%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: + 100 bps

Benchmark Treasury: 4.625% due February 15, 2025

Benchmark Treasury Price / Yield: 103-17+ / 4.185%

Interest Payment Dates: 

March 1 and September 1, commencing

September 1, 2025

Optional Redemption: 

Make-whole call at any time at a discount rate of Treasury plus 15 bps.

Prior to December 1, 2034 (the date falling three months prior to the maturity date
of the Notes) (the Par Call Date), we may redeem some or all of the Notes at any time, or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of:

100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,
or

the sum of
the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (exclusive of accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date) on the Notes to be redeemed through the Par Call Date, discounted to the redemption date on a
semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) using the applicable Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum)
plus 15 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, we may redeem some or all of the Notes at any time, or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Trade Date: March 3, 2025

Settlement: T+3; March 6, 2025

Expected Ratings*(Moodys/S&P/Fitch): A3 / BBB+ / A

CUSIP / ISIN: 875127 BN1 / US875127BN13

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

MUFG Securities
Americas Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Scotia
Capital (USA) Inc.

Senior Co-Managers: 

BMO Capital Markets

BofA Securities, Inc.

CIBC World Markets Corp.

TD Securities (USA) LLC

Truist Securities, Inc.

Co-Managers 

Academy Securities, Inc.

Samuel A.
Ramirez & Company, Inc.

* 

Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time. 

** 

Note: Tampa Electric Company expects that delivery of the Notes will be made to investors on or about
March 6, 2025, which will be the third business day following the date hereof. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market are required to settle in one business day, unless
the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade notes prior to the business day before the delivery of the Notes will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially settle in T+3, to
specify an alternative arrangement at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement and should consult their own advisors. 

*** 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) and the Preliminary Prospectus
Supplement with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and other documents the issuer has filed with the
SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. 

The information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement is not complete and may be
changed. The Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and this pricing term sheet are not offers to sell any securities of Tampa Electric Company and are not soliciting an offer to buy such securities in any state or jurisdiction where such offer and sale
is not permitted. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus and the
prospectus supplement if you request it by calling J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (collect) at +1-212-834-4533, MUFG Securities
Americas Inc. at 1-877-649-6848 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at
1-800-645-3751.

Any disclaimers
or notices that may appear on this term sheet below the text of this legend are not applicable to this term sheet and should be disregarded. Such disclaimers may have been electronically generated as a result of this term sheet having been sent via,
or posted on, Bloomberg or another electronic mail system.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d920091dex53.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.3
<TEXT>
EX-5.3

Exhibit 5.3 

Troutman Pepper Locke LLP

111 Huntington Avenue
9th Floor

Boston, MA 02199-7613

www.troutman.com 

March 3, 2025 

Tampa Electric Company 

702 North Franklin Street 

Tampa, Florida 33602 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to our
opinion dated October 14, 2022 and included as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-267890) (the Registration
Statement) filed on October 14, 2022 by Tampa Electric Company (the Company), a Florida corporation, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act). We are rendering this supplemental opinion in connection with the prospectus supplement (the Prospectus Supplement) filed on or about March 3, 2025 by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424
under the Securities Act. The Prospectus Supplement relates to the offering by the Company of $600,000,000.00 aggregate principal amount of 5.15% Notes due 2035 (the Notes), which Notes are covered by the Registration Statement. The
Notes will be issuable under an indenture dated as of July 1, 1998 (the Base Indenture) between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the Trustee), as heretofore amended and as supplemented by a
Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture between the Company and the Trustee (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). We understand that the Notes are to be offered and sold in the manner described in the Prospectus Supplement. 

We have acted as your counsel in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. We are familiar
with the proceedings of the Board of Directors of the Company in connection with the authorization, issuance and sale of the Notes. We have examined such other documents as we consider necessary to render this opinion. We have relied as to certain
matters on information obtained from public officials, officers of the Company and other sources believed by us to be responsible. We have assumed the legal capacity of each natural person executing any documents or certificates referred to herein,
the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies. This opinion speaks only as of its date, and we undertake no
obligation to update it for any subsequent events or legal developments. 

The opinion rendered herein is limited to New York law, the
Florida Business Corporation Act and the federal laws of the United States. 

We advise you that, in our opinion, the Notes have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company, and when the Notes have been duly executed, authenticated and delivered in accordance with the Indenture relating to the Notes against payment of the agreed consideration therefor and
issued and sold as contemplated in the Prospectus Supplement, the Notes will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general
application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, and (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether applied in proceedings in equity or at law. 

Tampa Electric Company 

March 3, 2025 

Page 2 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as part of the Registration Statement and to
the reference to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Troutman Pepper Locke LLP

TROUTMAN PEPPER LOCKE LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0000096271-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0000096271-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ck0000096271-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g920091g0305053525600.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name TAMPA ELECTRIC CO

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000096271

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code FL

Entity File Number 1-5007

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-0475140

Entity Address, Address Line One TECO Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two 702 N. Franklin Street

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33602

City Area Code (813)

Local Phone Number 228-1111

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.tampaelectric.com//20250303/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0000096271-20250303.xsd 
ck0000096271-20250303_lab.xml 
ck0000096271-20250303_pre.xml 
d920091d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-047268-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d920091d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000096271 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

TAMPA ELECTRIC CO 
false 
0000096271 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
FL 
1-5007 
59-0475140 
TECO Plaza 
702 N. Franklin Street 
Tampa 
FL 
33602 
(813) 
228-1111 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>