<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-065938.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-065938.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327215718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-065938
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001544206
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		EIN:				454727439
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00995
		FILM NUMBER:		25781237

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, SUITE 3400
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 813-4900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, SUITE 3400
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TCG BDC, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170315

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carlyle GMS Finance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120308
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d906363d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000154420600015442062025-03-262025-03-260001544206us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-262025-03-260001544206csl:A820NotesDue2028Member2025-03-262025-03-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 26, 2025

Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 814-00995 80-0789789

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 3400 

New YorkNew York 10017

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(212)813-4900

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock CGBD The Nasdaq Global Select Market

8.20% Notes due 2028 CGBDL The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement 

On March 27, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Mergers (as defined in Item 2.01 below), Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., a Maryland corporation (CGBD or the Company) entered into a preferred stock exchange agreement (the Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement) with Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (CIM), the holder of record of 2,000,000 shares of the convertible preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CGBD (Preferred Stock). Pursuant to the Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, CIM exchanged all shares of Preferred Stock into 3,004,808 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of CGBD (Common Stock) in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), as is equal to the quotient of (i) the aggregate liquidation preference of the Preferred Stock and (ii) the net asset value per share of CGBD as of March 25, 2025 (the Preferred Stock Exchange). There are no longer any shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding following the completion of the Preferred Stock Exchange. 

Lock-Up Agreement; Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the Preferred Stock Exchange and the consummation of the Mergers, CGBD and CIM entered into a lock-up agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement) and an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), each effective as of the closing of the Mergers. In accordance with the terms of the Lock-Up Agreement, during the Restricted Period (as defined below), CIM may not transfer (whether by sale, gift, merger, by operation of law or otherwise), assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber (collectively, a Transfer) its shares of Common Stock resulting from the Preferred Stock Exchange unless the CGBD board of directors consents to such Transfer and such Transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities and other laws. The Restricted Period began on March 27, 2025, the closing date of the Mergers (the Closing Date), and ends on the date that is (i) 360 days after the Closing Date for one-third of the shares of Common Stock issued to CIM pursuant to the Preferred Stock Exchange, (ii) 540 days after the Closing Date for one-third of the shares of Common Stock issued to CIM pursuant to the Preferred Stock Exchange and (iii) 720 days after the Closing Date for one-third of the shares of Common Stock issued to CIM pursuant to the Preferred Stock Exchange. The Registration Rights Agreement provides CIM with the right to require CGBD to register with the SEC the resale of Common Stock issued in the Preferred Stock Exchange. The Registration Rights Agreement is subject to customary representations, warranties, conditions and limitations on the resale of such Common Stock. 

The foregoing summary description of the Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, Lock-Up Agreement, and Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. 

CSL III SPV Loan and Servicing Agreement 

On March 27, 2025, as a result of the consummation of the Mergers, CGBD succeeded to obligations of Carlyle Secured Lending III under the CSL III SPV Credit Facility (as described below). 

Carlyle Secured Lending III SPV, L.L.C. (CSL III SPV), CGBDs wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary as a result of the Mergers, is party to a loan and servicing agreement with the lenders from time to time party thereto and the other parties referenced below, dated as of September 30, 2022, and subsequently amended on May 11, 2023, March 29, 2024, January 27, 2025 and March 27, 2025 (as amended, the CSL III SPV Credit Facility). Under the terms of the CSL III SPV Credit Facility, CGBD serves as Holdings and portfolio asset servicer, CSL III SPV serves as borrower with Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the administrative agent, collateral custodian and account bank, and Barings Finance LLC serves as the calculation agent. 

The CSL III SPV Credit Facility provides for secured borrowings of $250.0 million, subject to availability under the CSL III SPV Credit Facility and to restrictions imposed on borrowings under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The CSL III SPV Credit Facility has a revolving period through September 30, 2025 and a maturity date of September 30, 2030, with one one-year extension option, at CSL III SPVs election. CSL III SPV may borrow amounts in U.S. 

Dollars or certain other permitted currencies. Borrowings under the CSL III SPV Credit Facility bear interest initially at the annual rate of three month SOFR (or, if applicable, a rate based on the prime rate or federal funds rate plus 0.50%) plus 2.85%. The CSL III SPV also pays a fee of 0.30% per year on undrawn amounts under the CSL III SPV Credit Facility. Payments under the CSL III SPV Credit Facility are made quarterly. 

The CSL III SPV Credit Facility is secured by a first lien security interest on substantially all of the assets of CSL III SPV. The CSL III SPV Credit Facility includes customary covenants, certain limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, and other maintenance covenants, as well as usual and customary events of default for senior secured revolving credit facilities of this nature. 

As of March 27, 2025, CGBD had $206.0 million outstanding under the CSL III SPV Credit Facility. 

The description of the CSL III SPV Credit Facility is only a summary of the material provisions of the CSL III SPV Credit Facility and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the CSL III SPV Credit Facility, which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

On March 27, 2025, CGBD completed its previously announced acquisition of Carlyle Secured Lending III, a Delaware statutory trust (CSL III), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of August 2, 2024, as amended, by and among CGBD, CSL III, Blue Fox Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of CGBD (Merger Sub), and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, CSL III Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and investment adviser to CSL III (CSL III Advisor), and Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and investment adviser to CGBD (CGCIM, together with CSL III Advisor, the Advisors). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was first merged with and into CSL III, with CSL III continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CGBD (the Merger) and, immediately thereafter, CSL III was then merged with and into CGBD, with CGBD continuing as the surviving company (together with the Merger, the Mergers). 

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each common share of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, of CSL III (CSL III Common Shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares owned by CGBD or any of its consolidated subsidiaries) was converted into the right to receive 1.2137 shares of Common Stock and, if applicable, cash (without interest) in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock. As a result of the Mergers, CGBD issued an aggregate of approximately 18,935,108 shares of Common Stock to former CSL III shareholders. 

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed by CGBD as Exhibit 2.1 to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2024, and the Amendment to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed by CGBD as Exhibit 2.1 to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2025, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Preferred Stock Exchange is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. None of the shares of the Common Stock issued in the Preferred Stock Exchange have been registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws. The Company relied on exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in connection with the issuance of securities pursuant to the Preferred Stock Exchange. 

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

On March 26, 2025, CGBD held a Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Meeting). As of December 30, 2024, the record date, CGBD had 50,906,262 shares of Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the Meeting. A total of 27,816,738 shares of Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock were present in person or by proxy at the Meeting, representing 56.4% of all the votes entitled to be cast, which constituted a quorum to conduct business at the Meeting. Each holder of Common Stock and Preferred Stock was entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock and Preferred Stock held of record as of the record date for the Meeting. At the Meeting, CGBD submitted one matter to the vote of the stockholders. A summary of the matter voted upon by stockholders is set forth below. 

Merger Stock Issuance Proposal. To approve the issuance of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The proposal is described further in the Companys definitive proxy statement as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 7, 2025. The proposal was approved by the votes indicated below: 

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Broker Non-Votes

27,656,701 1,158,903 1,001,134 0

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

In connection with the closing of the Mergers, the closing price per share of Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of $16.68 on March 25, 2025 was determined to be less than 11% greater than the net asset value per share of CGBD as of March 25, 2025; and the net asset value per share of CSL III as of March 25, 2025 was estimated to be $20.22. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, CGBD and CSL III calculated the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement) by first comparing the ratio of the closing price of Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market as of March 25, 2025, which was the Determination Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement), to the net asset value per share of CGBD as of the Determination Date, and specifically whether such ratio is (i) less than or equal to 100%; (ii) in excess of 100% but less than 111%; or (iii) equal to or in excess of 111%. 

The determinations of the net asset value per share of CGBD and the net asset value per share of CSL III described in this report were made pursuant to the requirements of, and solely for the purposes of, the Merger Agreement. Such net asset values were not reviewed or approved for purposes of financial statement preparation or as part of a comprehensive statement of CGBDs or CSL IIIs financial results. The net asset value per share of CGBD as of March 25, 2025 may not be indicative of the actual net asset value per share of CGBD as of March 31, 2025. 

On March 26, 2025, CGBD and CSL III issued a joint press release announcing the voting results at the Meeting. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1. 

The information disclosed under this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by CGBD for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing made under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Current Report on Form 8-K may constitute forward-looking statements and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in filings with the SEC. 

Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words anticipate, believe, expect, seek, plan, should, estimate, project and intend or similar words indicate forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in filings made by the Company with the SEC. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Mergers, the effect that the consummation of the Merger may have on the trading price of 

the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market , the Companys plans, expectations, objectives and intentions as a result of the Mergers, the business prospects of the Company and the prospects of its portfolio companies, general economic and political trends and other factors, the dependence of the Companys future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which they invest, and future changes in laws or regulations and interpretations thereof. The Company undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement made herein. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(a) 

Financial Statements of Businesses or Funds Acquired. 

The information required by Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K, including the financial statements required pursuant to Rule 6-11 of Regulation S-X, was previously included or incorporated by reference in CGBDs joint proxy statement/prospectus, dated January 7, 2025, as filed under the Securities Act with the SEC on January 7, 2025 and included in the Companys Registration Statement on Form N-14 (Registration Statement No. 333-282535) initially filed on October 7, 2024, as amended, and, pursuant to General Instruction B.3 of Form 8-K, is not included herein. 

(d) 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger among Carlyle Secured Lending III, Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., Blue Fox Merger Sub, Inc., and (for the limited purposes set forth therein) CSL III Advisor, LLC and Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., dated as of August 2, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 5, 2024). 

2.2 Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger among Carlyle Secured Lending III, Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., Blue Fox Merger Sub, Inc., CSL III Advisor, LLC and Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., dated as of January 3, 2025 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 3, 2025). 

10.1 Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, dated March 27, 2025, by and between CGBD and CIM. 

10.2 Lock-Up Agreement, dated March 27, 2025, by and between CGBD and CIM. 

10.3 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 27, 2025, by and between CGBD and CIM. 

10.4 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, and conformed through Amendment No.4 dated as of March 27, 2025, among CGBD (as successor to CSL III), as Holdings, Carlyle Secured Lending III SPV, L.L.C., as the Borrower, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and the other Lenders from time to time party hereto, Wilmington Trust National Association, as the Administrative Agent, Barings Finance LLC (as successor to Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company), as the Calculation Agent, Carlyle Secured Lending III, as the Portfolio Asset Servicer, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the Collateral Custodian, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the Account Bank.* 

99.1 Joint press release of Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. and Carlyle Secured Lending III, dated March 26, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and similar attachments have been omitted. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the SEC upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC.

(Registrant)

Dated: March 27, 2025 By: 

/s/ Thomas M. Hennigan

Name: Thomas M. Hennigan

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d906363dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

PREFERRED STOCK EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

This PREFERRED STOCK EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, dated as of March 27, 2025 (as it may be amended or modified from time to time, this
Agreement), is entered into by and between Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and
the holder of record of shares of the Preferred Stock (as defined below) (CIM). Unless context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Merger
Agreement (as defined below). 

WHEREAS, the Company is an externally managed specialty finance company that has elected to be regulated as
a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

WHEREAS, the Company, Carlyle Secured Lending III, a
Delaware statutory trust (CSL III), Blue Fox Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), and solely for the limited purposes set forth
therein, CSL III Advisory, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and investment adviser to CSL III, and Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and investment adviser to the Company, entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended or modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement), dated as of August 2, 2024, pursuant to which, among other transactions, (a) Merger Sub will merge with and into
CSL III (the First Merger), with CSL III continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and (b) immediately following the First Merger, the surviving corporation of the First Merger
will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving company (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers), in each case, on the terms and
conditions set forth therein; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the Mergers, CIM desires to surrender 2,000,000 shares of convertible
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Preferred Stock) in exchange for such number of newly issued shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock) as is set forth herein, in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) thereof, on the terms and
conditions set forth herein (including the issuance and sale of such shares of Common Stock by the Company, the Exchange). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

Section 1.The Exchange. 

A. Immediately prior to the effective time of the Mergers, the Company shall issue and sell to CIM, in exchange for 2,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock owned by CIM, a number of shares of Common Stock in an amount that is equal to the quotient of (i) the aggregate liquidation preference of the Preferred Stock and (ii) the Closing CSL Net Asset Value per share (the
CIM Shares), and CIM shall surrender the shares of Preferred Stock that it holds at such time in exchange for the CIM Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Any accrued and unpaid dividends of the
Preferred Stock thereon to the date of the Exchange, whether or not declared, shall be paid by the Company to CIM immediately prior to the Exchange. From and after the Exchange, each share of Preferred Stock shall cease to be outstanding, shall be
cancelled, shall cease to exist and shall thereafter present only the rights afforded to holders of shares of Common Stock following the closing of the Mergers. 

B. The closing of the Exchange (the Closing) shall take place immediately prior to the closing of the First Merger
and the date of such closing shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. 

C. The Closing shall take place
by remote communications and by the exchange of signatures by electronic transmission on the Closing Date. 

D. CIM shall surrender its
shares of Preferred Stock to the Companys transfer agent on the Closing Date and such shares shall be cancelled upon issuance and sale of the CIM Shares to CIM. 

E. The Company shall deliver to CIM evidence of the issuance and sale of the CIM Shares to CIM, credited to book-entry accounts maintained by
the transfer agent of the Company. 

Section 2.Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a
material inducement to CIM to enter into this Agreement and surrender its shares of Preferred Stock in exchange for the CIM Shares, the Company hereby represents and warrants to CIM (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing
Date) that: 

A. Organization and Corporate Power. The Company is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Maryland and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company.
The Company possesses all requisite trust powers and authority necessary to execute and deliver this Agreement and carry out the transactions contemplated hereby. 

B. CIM Shares. The CIM Shares have been duly authorized and upon the issuance and sale of the CIM Shares pursuant to
Section 1(A), the CIM Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

-2- 

C. Authorization; No Breach. 

(i) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the CIM Shares in the Exchange, and the consummation
of the other transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the Company as of the Closing Date, and no further approval or authorization is required on the part of the Company or its stockholders. This Agreement constitutes a valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms subject to subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors rights generally or (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. 

(ii) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the CIM Shares in the Exchange, and the
consummation of the other transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not as of the Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of the charter or the bylaws of the Company (in effect on the
date hereof or as may be amended prior to the closing of the Exchange), (b) (1) constitute a default under or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys capital stock or assets
under, (2) result in a violation of, or (3) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency under, any
material law, statute, rule, regulation, agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws. 

D. Governmental Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations made by CIM in this Agreement, no consent, approval, order or
authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any federal, state or local governmental authority is required on the part of the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement except for filings pursuant to applicable state securities laws, if any. 

E. No Other Representations. Except for
the foregoing representations and warranties, the Company does not make, and hereby disclaims, any other representations or warranties. CIM acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement it has not relied and is not relying on any
representations, warranties or other statements whatsoever, whether written or oral (from or by the Company or any Person acting on their behalf) other than those expressly set out in this Agreement (or other related documents referred to herein)
and that it will not have any right or remedy with respect to this Agreement arising out of any representation, warranty or other statement not expressly set out in this Agreement. 

-3- 

Section 3.Representations and Warranties of CIM. As
a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the CIM Shares to CIM in the Exchange, CIM hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Date) that:

A. Organization and Requisite Authority. CIM is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Delaware. CIM possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

B. Authorization; No Breach. 

(i) This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of CIM, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law). 

(ii) The execution and delivery by CIM of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by CIM does not and shall
not as of the Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by CIM of the terms, conditions or provisions of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which CIM is subject. 

C. Capitalization. CIM is the sole beneficial owner of 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, free and clear of all liens, claims and
encumbrances (other than those restrictions arising under U.S. securities laws) and has full power and authority to surrender the Preferred Stock to the Company in accordance with this Agreement 

D. Investment Representations. 

(i) CIM is acquiring the CIM Shares for CIMs account and with no view to the distribution thereof. CIM has no present intent, agreement,
understanding or arrangement to sell, assign or transfer all or any part of the CIM Shares, or any interest therein, to any other person. 

(ii) CIM is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act. 

(iii) CIM understands that the issuance and sale of the CIM Shares to CIM in the Exchange has not been, and will not be, registered
under the Securities Act by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act that depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of CIMs
representations as expressed herein. CIM understands that the CIM Shares are restricted securitiesunder applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, CIM must hold the CIM
Shares indefinitely unless they are registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is
available. CIM further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is available, it may be conditioned on various requirements including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period for the CIM
Shares, and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of CIMs control, and which the Company is under no obligation and may not be able to satisfy. 

-4- 

(iv) CIM did not purchase the CIM Shares as a result of any general solicitation or general
advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act. 

(v) CIM has been furnished with all materials relating to
the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the issuance and sale of the CIM Shares, which have been requested by CIM. CIM has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors
of the Company. CIM understands that its investment in the CIM Shares involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the
acquisition of the CIM Shares. 

(vi) CIM understands that no U.S. federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency
has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the CIM Shares or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the CIM Shares by CIM nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the issuance or sale of the CIM
Shares to CIM in the Exchange. 

(vii) CIM has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of an investment in the CIM Shares and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the CIM Shares in the amount contemplated under this Agreement for an indefinite period of time. CIM has adequate means of providing
for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the CIM Shares. CIM can afford a complete loss of its investments in the CIM Shares.

Section 4.Restrictions on Transfer. 

A. Securities Law Restrictions. CIM agrees not to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the
CIM Shares unless, prior thereto (i) a registration statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the CIM Shares proposed to be transferred shall then be effective or
(ii) the Company has received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction is exempt from registration under the Securities Act and the rules promulgated by the
Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws. 

B. Restrictive Legends. All certificates or book entries
representing the CIM Shares shall have endorsed thereon legends substantially as follows: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND SUCH LAWS WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL, IS AVAILABLE. 

-5- 

C. Registration Rights. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the
Company and CIM shall enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement, dated as of the date hereof, to amend and restate that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2020, by and between the Company and CIM.

D. Lock-Up Agreement. At the closing of the Mergers, CIM and the Company shall enter into
the Lock-Up Agreement, which shall be effective as of the closing of the Mergers. 

Section 5.Conditions of CIMs Obligations. The obligations of CIM to surrender its shares of Preferred
Stock are subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions: 

A. Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing Date as though then made. 

B. Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this
Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date. 

C. No Injunction. No litigation,
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

D. Conditions Precedent to the First Merger. The conditions set forth in Article VIII of the Merger Agreement (Conditions
Precedent) shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the Merger Agreement, other than Section 8.1(h) of the Merger Agreement (Preferred Stock Exchange Documents) and any conditions that by their nature can only be
satisfied by actions to be performed at the closing of the Mergers, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions. 

Section 6.Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to CIM under this
Agreement to issue and sell the CIM Shares in the Exchange are subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions: 

A. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of CIM contained in Section 3 shall be
true and correct at and as of the Closing Date as though then made. 

B. Performance. CIM shall have performed and complied with all
agreements, obligations and conditions contained in thisAgreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date. 

-6- 

C. No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree,
ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which
prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

D. Conditions Precedent to the First Merger.
The conditions set forth in Article VIII of the Merger Agreement (Conditions Precedent) shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the Merger Agreement, other than Section 8.1(h) of the Merger Agreement (Preferred Stock
Exchange Documents) and any conditions that by their nature can only be satisfied by actions to be performed at the closing of the Mergers, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions. 

Section 7.Termination. This Agreement (A) shall terminate automatically upon the valid termination of
the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms or (B) may be terminated at any time as mutually agreed by the Company and CIM. 

Section 8.Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained
herein shall survive the Closing Date. 

Section 9.Miscellaneous. 

A. Further Assurances. The parties hereto shall execute such further instruments and take such further action as may reasonably be
necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 

B. Notices. All notices and other communications in connection with this
Agreement among the parties hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made on the date of delivery to the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. in the place of delivery and such date is a Business Day (or
otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day) if (i) served by personal delivery or by an internationally recognized overnight courier to the Person or entity for whom it is intended, (ii) delivered by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, or (iii) sent by email (unless the sender receives a non-delivery message or automatically generated response), as provided in this Section 9(B): 

If to the Company, to: 

Carlyle
Secured Lending, Inc. 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 3400, 

New York, NY 10017 

Attn: Joshua
Lefkowitz 

E-mail: Joshua.Lefkowitz@carlyle.com 

With a copy (not constituting notice) to: 

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 

125 Broad Street 

New York, NY
10004 

Attn: William G. Farrar 

-7- 

E-mail: farrarw@sullcrom.com 

If to CIM, to: 

Carlyle
Investment Management LLC 

1001 Pennsylvania Ave. N.W. 

Washington, DC 20004 

Attn:
General Counsel 

E-mail: Joshua.lefkowitz@carlyle.com 

With a copy (not constituting notice) to: 

Simpson, Thacher & Barlett LLP 

900 G Street, N.W. 

Washington,
D.C. 20001 

Attn: Rajib Chanda 

Email: Rajib.Chanda@STBlaw.com 

C. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to in this Agreement) constitutes the entire
agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 

D. Waiver. At any time prior to the date of this Agreement, the parties hereto may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other party contained in this Agreement and (iii) waive compliance by the other
party with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such
extension or waiver or failure to insist on strict compliance with an obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other
non-compliance.

E. Assignment. No party hereto shall assign this Agreement or any part
hereof without the prior written consent of the other party. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. Any attempted assignment in
violation of the terms of this Section 9(E) shall be null and void, ad initio. 

F. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained in this Agreement is held by a court or a federal or state regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions and
covenants and restrictions contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. If for any reason such court or regulatory agency determines that any term, provision, covenant
or restriction is invalid, void or unenforceable, it is the express intention of the parties that such term, provision, covenant or restriction be enforced to the maximum extent permitted. 

-8- 

G. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. The parties hereto understand and agree that delivery of a signed counterpart signature page to this Agreement or any amendment or waiver to this
Agreement by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof and shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No party to
this Agreement or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of electronic means to deliver a signature to this Agreement or any amendment or waiver hereto or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or
communicated through the use of electronic means as a defense to the formation of a contract and each party hereto forever waives any such defense. 

H. No Waiver of Rights, Powers and Remedies. No failure or delay by a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under this
Agreement, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of such party. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by a party hereto, nor any
abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce any such right, power or remedy, shall preclude such party from any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder. The election of any remedy by a
party hereto shall not constitute a waiver of the right of such party to pursue other available remedies. No notice to or demand on a party not expressly required under this Agreement shall entitle the party receiving such notice or demand to any
other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the party giving such notice or demand to any other or further action in any circumstances without such notice or demand. 

I. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement, and all Proceedings (whether in contract, tort or statute) that
may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in
connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement), shall be governed by, and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, including its statutes of limitations, without giving effect to applicable
principles of conflicts of law to the extent that the application of the laws of another jurisdiction (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) would be required thereby. Each party hereto agrees that it shall bring any Proceeding
in respect of any claim based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement exclusively in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, if and only if such Court declines to exercise jurisdiction, the other courts of the State of
Delaware or the federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of Delaware and the appellate courts therefrom (in such order of priority, the Chosen Courts) and solely in connection with claims
arising under or relating to this Agreement (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to the laying of venue in any such Proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any
objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party hereto and (iv) agrees that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action in the manner provided in
Section 9(B) or in such other manner as may be permitted by law shall be valid and sufficient 

-9- 

service thereof. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT (W) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTIES HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY
WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (X) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (Y) IT MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (Z) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 9(I). 

J. No Broker or
Finder. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other that no broker, finder or other financial consultant has acted on its behalf in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in such a way as to
create any liability on the other. Each of the parties hereto agrees to indemnify and hold the other harmless from any claim or demand for commission or other compensation by any broker, finder, financial consultant or similar agent claiming to have
been employed by or on behalf of such party and to bear the cost of legal expenses incurred in defending against any such claim. 

K.
Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The words include, includes and
including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine and neuter genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the
plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof, hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and
not to any particular section unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty and covenant contained herein will have independent significance. If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty
or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which such party hereto has not breached will
not detract from or mitigate the fact that such party hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty or covenant. 

L.
Amendments. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part only by a duly authorized agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

-10- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of
the date first set forth above. 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas M. Hennigan

Name: Thomas M. Hennigan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CARLYLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT L.L.C.

By: /s/ Jeffrey W. Ferguson

Name: Jeffrey W. Ferguson

Title: General Counsel

[Signature Page to
Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d906363dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT 

This Lock-up Agreement is dated as of March 27, 2025 by and between (a) Carlyle Secured
Lending, Inc. a Maryland corporation (the Company), and (b) each holder of record of shares of Common Stock resulting from the Preferred Stock Exchange as identified on Exhibit A hereto and
the other Persons who enter into a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto with the Company in order to become a Stockholder Party for purposes of this Agreement (collectively,
the Stockholder Parties). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Merger Agreement (as defined below). 

BACKGROUND: 

WHEREAS,
the Stockholder Parties own or will own equity interests in the Company; 

WHEREAS, the Company, Carlyle Secured Lending III, a
Delaware statutory trust (CSL III), Blue Fox Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), and, solely for the
limited purposes set forth therein, CSL III Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and investment adviser to CSL III (CSL III Advisor), and Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited
liability company and investment adviser to the Company (CGCIM, together with CSL III Advisor, the Advisors), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended or modified from time to time, the
Merger Agreement), dated as of August 2, 2024, pursuant to which, among other transactions, (a) Merger Sub will merge with and into CSL III (the First Merger), with CSL III continuing as
the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and (b) immediately following the First Merger, the surviving corporation of the First Merger will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the
surviving company (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers), in each case, on the terms and conditions set forth therein; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the Mergers, the parties hereto wish to set forth herein certain understandings between such parties with
respect to restrictions on transfer of equity interests in the Company. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

INTRODUCTORY MATTERS 

1.1
Defined Terms. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the following meanings when used herein with initial capital letters: 

Advisors has the meaning set forth in the Background. 

Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General
Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. 

Agreement means this
Lock-up Agreement, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 

CGCIM has the meaning set forth in the Background. 

Change of Control means any transaction or series of related transactions (A) following which a Person or
group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of Persons (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), has direct or indirect beneficial ownership of securities (or rights convertible or exchangeable into
securities) representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting power of or economic rights or interests in the Company, (B) constituting a merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination, however effected, following
which either (1) the members of the board of directors of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination do not constitute at least a majority of the board of directors (or equivalent
governing body) of the Person resulting from such transaction (or series of related transactions)or the ultimate parent thereof or (2) the voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, reorganization or other
business combination do not continue to represent or are not converted into fifty (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from such transaction (or series of related transactions)
or the ultimate parent thereof, or (C) the result of which is a sale of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person (other than the Company or its Subsidiaries). 

Chosen Courts has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6. 

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

CSL III has the meaning set forth in the Background. 

CSL III Advisor has the meaning set forth in the Background. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

First Merger has the meaning set forth in the
Background. 

Lock-up has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(a). 

Lock-up Shares has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.1(c). 

Mergers has the meaning set forth in the
Background. 

Merger Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Background. 

Merger Sub has the meaning set forth in the Background. 

2 

Permitted Transferees has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(c). 

Preferred Stock means the convertible preferred stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of the Company. 

Preferred Stock Exchange means that transaction, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions contained in the Preferred Stock Exchange Documents (as defined in the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which all shares of the Companys Preferred Stock issued and outstanding will be exchanged for such number of the
Companys Common Stock in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as is equal to the quotient of (i) the aggregate liquidation preference of Preferred Stock and (ii) the calculation of the
net asset value per share of the Companys Common Stock (with an accrual for any dividend declared by the Company and not yet paid). 

Proceeding means an action, suit, arbitration, investigation, examination, litigation, lawsuit or other proceeding,
whether civil, criminal or administrative. 

Restricted Period has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(c). 

Second Merger has the meaning set forth in the Background. 

Stockholder Parties has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Trading Day means any day on which shares of Common Stock are actually traded on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which shares of Common Stock are then traded. 

Transfer has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(c). 

1.2 Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires: (a)
including (and with correlative meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding or succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without
limitation; (b) or is disjunctive but not exclusive; (c) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; and (d) the words hereof, herein, and
hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section references are to sections of this Agreement unless otherwise
specified. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Consequently, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by
the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. 

3 

ARTICLE II 

LOCK-UP

2.1 Lock-up. 

(a) Subject to the exclusions in Section 2.1(b), each Stockholder Party agrees not to Transfer any Lock-up Shares until the end of the Restricted Period without the prior written consent of the Companys board of directors and such Transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities and other laws (the
Lock-up). 

(b) Each Stockholder Party or any of its Permitted
Transferees may Transfer any Lock-up Shares it holds during the Restricted Period (i) to other Stockholder Parties or any direct or indirect partners, members or equity holders of such Stockholder Party,
any Affiliates of such Stockholder Party or any related investment funds or vehicles controlled or managed by such Persons or their respective Affiliates; (ii) by gift to a charitable organization; (iii) in connection with any bona fide
mortgage, encumbrance or pledge to a financial institution in connection with any bona fide loan or debt transaction or enforcement thereunder, including foreclosure thereof; or (iv) to the Company. 

(c) For purposes of this Section 2.1: 

(i) The term Restricted Period means: 

(A) for one-third of the Lock-up Shares held by
each Stockholder Party and its Permitted Transferees, the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is 360 days after the Closing Date; 

(B) for one-third of the Lock-up Shares held by
each Stockholder Party and its Permitted Transferees, the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is 540 days after the Closing Date; and 

(C) for one-third of the Lock-up Shares held by
each Stockholder Party and its Permitted Transferees, the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending 720 days after the Closing Date. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a definitive agreement that contemplates a Change of Control is entered into after the Closing
Date, the Restricted Period for any Lock-up Shares shall automatically terminate immediately prior to such Change of Control. For the avoidance of doubt, no Lock-up
Shares shall be subject to Lock-up from and after the date that is 720 days after the Closing Date. 

(ii) The term Lock-up Shares means with respect to any
Stockholder Party and its respective Permitted Transferees, the shares of Common Stock held by such Person as a result of the Preferred Stock Exchange (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, shares of Common Stock acquired by such Person following the
consummation of the First Merger or held by such Stockholder Party prior to the consummation of the First Merger other than as a result of the Preferred Stock Exchange). 

4 

(iii) The term Permitted Transferees means, prior
to the expiration of the Restricted Period, any Person to whom such Stockholder Party or any other Permitted Transferee of such Stockholder Party is permitted to transfer such shares of Common Stock pursuant to
Section 2.1(b). 

(iv) The term Transfer means the (A) direct sale
of, offer to sell, gift of, contract or agreement to sell by operation of law or otherwise, assignment, hypothecation or pledge of, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise disposition of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or
establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position with respect to, any security, (B) entry into any swap or other arrangement that directly transfers to another, in
whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (C) public announcement of any intention to effect any
transaction specified in clause (A) or (B). 

(d) Each Stockholder Party shall be permitted to enter into a trading plan established
in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act during the applicable Restricted Period so long as no Transfers of such Stockholder Partys shares of Common Stock in contravention of this
Section 2.1 are effected prior to the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period. 

(e) Each Stockholder
Party also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of any Lock-up Shares except in compliance with the foregoing
restrictions and to the addition of a legend to such Stockholder Partys Lock-up Shares describing the foregoing restrictions. 

(f) For the avoidance of doubt, each Stockholder Party shall retain all of its rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Lock-up Shares during the Restricted Period, including the right to vote any Lock-up Shares. 

ARTICLE III 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

3.1
Notices. All notices and other communications in connection with this Agreement among the parties shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made on the date of delivery to the recipient thereof if received
prior to 5:00 p.m. in the place of delivery and such day is a Business Day (or otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day) if (a) served by personal delivery or by an internationally recognized overnight courier to the Person or entity for
whom it is intended, (b) delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or (c) sent by email (unless the sender receives a non-delivery message or automatically generated
response), as provided in this Section 3.1: 

5 

If to the Company, to: 

Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 3400, 

New York, NY 10017 

Attn: Joshua
Lefkowitz 

E-mail: Joshua.Lefkowitz@carlyle.com 

with a copy (not constituting notice) to: 

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 

125 Broad Street 

New York, NY
10004 Attn: 

William G. Farrar / Melissa Sawyer 

E-mail: farrarw@sullcrom.com / sawyerm@sullcrom.com 

If to any Stockholder Party, to such address indicated on the Companys records with respect to such Stockholder Party or to such other address or
addresses as such Stockholder Party may from time to time designate in writing. 

3.2 Amendment; Waiver. 

(a) The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part only by a duly authorized agreement in writing
executed by the Company and the Stockholder Parties holding a majority of the shares then held by the Stockholder Parties in the aggregate as to which this Agreement has not been terminated. 

(b) At any time prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company and any party hereto, by action taken or authorized by the board of directors
of the Company, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other
parties contained in this Agreement or (iii) waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if
set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such extension or waiver or failure to insist on strict compliance with an obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect
to, any subsequent or other non-compliance.

3.3 Further Assurances. The parties
hereto will, at the Companys expense, sign such further documents, cause such meetings to be held, resolutions passed, exercise their votes and do and perform and cause to be done such further acts and things necessary, proper or advisable in
order to give full effect to this Agreement and every provision hereof. 

3.4 Assignment. No party hereto shall assign this
Agreement or any part hereof without the prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.
Any attempted assignment in violation of the terms of this Section 3.4 shall be null and void, ab initio. 

6 

3.5 Third Parties. Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended
or shall be construed to confer upon or give any person, other than the parties hereto, any right or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise. 

3.6 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement, and all Proceedings (whether in contract, tort or
statute) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty
made in or in connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement), shall be governed by, and enforced in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, including its statutes of limitations, without giving effect to
applicable principles of conflicts of law to the extent that the application of the laws of another jurisdiction (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) would be required thereby. Each party hereto agrees that it shall bring any
Proceeding in respect of any claim based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement exclusively in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, if and only if such Court declines to exercise jurisdiction, the other courts of the State
of Delaware or the federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of Delaware and the appellate courts therefrom (in such order of priority, the Chosen Courts) and solely in connection with claims
arising under or relating to this Agreement (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to the laying of venue in any such Proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any
objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party hereto and (iv) agrees that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action in the manner provided in
Section 3.1 or in such other manner as may be permitted by Law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTIES
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (II) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (III) IT MAKES THIS WAIVER
VOLUNTARILY AND (IV) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 3.6. 

3.7 Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached, and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy therefor. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any federal or state court located in the State of Delaware, without proof of actual damages
(and each party hereby waives 

7 

any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy), this being in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law or in equity. Each of
the parties hereto agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other party hereto has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not
an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity. 

3.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and
the instruments referred to in this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 

3.9 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained in this Agreement is held by a court or a federal or
state regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions and covenants and restrictions contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and shall in no way be
affected, impaired or invalidated. If for any reason such court or regulatory agency determines that any term, provision, covenant or restriction is invalid, void or unenforceable, it is the express intention of the parties that such term,
provision, covenant or restriction be enforced to the maximum extent permitted. 

3.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement. The parties hereto understand and agree that delivery of a signed counterpart signature page to this
Agreement or any amendment or waiver to this Agreement by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a
document, shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof and shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed
version thereof delivered in person. No party to this Agreement or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of electronic means to deliver a signature to this Agreement or any amendment or waiver hereto or the fact that any signature
or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of electronic means as a defense to the formation of a contract and each party hereto forever waives any such defense. 

3.11 Several Liability. The liability of any Stockholder Party hereunder is several (and not joint). Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, in no event will any Stockholder Party be liable for any other Stockholder Partys breach of such other Stockholder Partys obligations under this Agreement. 

3.12 Effectiveness. This Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as of the date of this Agreement and may not be revoked by any
party hereto. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Lock-up Agreement on the day and year first above written. 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas M. Hennigan

Name: Thomas M. Hennigan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CARLYLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT L.L.C.

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey W. Ferguson

Name: Jeffrey W. Ferguson

Title: General Counsel

Exhibit A 

1. 

Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C. 

Exhibit B 

FORM OF JOINDER TO LOCK-UP AGREEMENT 

[______], 20__

Reference is made
to the Lock-up Agreement, dated as of August [], 202__, by and among Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. (the Company) and the other Stockholder Parties (as defined therein) from time to
time party thereto (as amended from time to time, the Lock-up Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Lock-up Agreement. 

Each of the Company and each undersigned holder of shares of the Company (each, a New
Stockholder Party) agrees that this Joinder to the Lock-up Agreement (this Joinder) is being executed and delivered for good and valuable consideration. 

Each undersigned New Stockholder Party hereby agrees to and does become party to the Lock-up Agreement as a
Stockholder Party. This Joinder shall serve as a counterpart signature page to the Lock-up Agreement and by executing below each undersigned New Stockholder Party is deemed to have executed the Lock-up Agreement with the same force and effect as if originally named a party thereto. 

This Joinder may be executed
in multiple counterparts, including by means of facsimile or electronic signature, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this Joinder as of the date first set
forth above. 

[NEW STOCKHOLDER PARTY]

By: 

Name:

Title

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d906363dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 27, 2025, is entered into by and between
Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc., a Maryland corporation (including its successors, the Corporation)and Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C. (the Holder). 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Definitions. The following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 

Common Stock shall mean the Corporations common stock, par value $0.01 per share. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar federal statute, and the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. 

Excluded Registration means a registration under the Securities Act of
(i) securities pursuant to one or more Demand Registrations pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof, (ii) securities registered on Form S-8 or any similar or successor form,
(iii) securities registered to effect the acquisition of, or combination with, another Person and (iv) securities in connection with an exchange offer or dividend reinvestment plan. 

Investment Company Actmeans theInvestment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated by the SEC thereunder. 

Personor person means any individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability Corporation, joint venture, association, joint-stock Corporation, trust,unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Preferred Stock shall mean the Corporations Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share,
convertible into Common Stock. 

register, registered and registration refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in compliance with the Securities Act, and the declaration or ordering of the effectiveness of such registration statement. 

Registrable Securities means the shares of the Corporations Common Stock issued upon the surrender and exchange of
all of the Holders Preferred Stock pursuant to that certain Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Corporation and the Holder. As to any particular Registrable Securities, such Common Stock shall
cease to be Registrable Securities when: (a) a registration statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the sale of such Common Stock shall have become effective under the
Securities Act and applicable state laws, and such Common Stock shall have been disposed of in accordance with such registration statement; (b) the Corporation shall have received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory to theca
Corporation, that registration is not required because the proposed transaction is exempt from 

registration under the Securities Act and with all applicable state securities laws, (c) such Common Stock shall have been sold to the public pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act
(or any successor provision), if applicable; or (d) such Common Stock shall have ceased to be outstanding. Registrable Securities shall not include any shares of the Corporations Common Stock that have previously been registered for so
long as such shares of Common Stock remain subject to a currently effective registration statement (including a Shelf Registration). In addition, such shares of Common Stock shall cease to be Registrable Securities if the market value of such shares
is in the aggregate less than $25 million and such shares may be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency at the time administering the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal statute, and the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. 

Section 1.2 Other Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in the section or agreement indicated. 

Term 

Section

Advice Section 2.5

Agreement Introductory Paragraph

Blackout Period Section 2.1.5

Corporation Introductory Paragraph

Demand Registration Section 2.1.1(i)

Demand Request Section 2.1.1(i)

FINRA Section 2.6.1

Form N-2 Shelf Section 2.3

Holder Introductory Paragraph

Inspectors Section 2.4(xiii)

New York Courts Section 3.3.2

Piggyback Registration Section 2.2.1

Required Filing Date Section 2.1.1(ii)

Shelf Notice Section 2.3

Shelf Registration 

Section 2.3

Suspension Notice 

Section 2.5

Suspension Period 

Section 2.5

2 

Section 1.3 Rules of Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires 

(1) 

a term has the meaning assigned to it; 

(2) 

words in the singular include the plural, and words in the plural include the singular; and

(3) 

herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and
not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. 

ARTICLE II 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS 

Section 2.1 Demand Registration. 

Section 2.1.1 Request for Registration. 

(i) The Holder shall have the right to require the Corporation to file a registration statement on Form
N-2 (or any similar or successor form) under the Securities Act for a public offering of all or part of the Registrable Securities (a Demand Registration),by delivering to the
Corporation written notice stating that such right is being exercised by the Holder, specifying the number of theHolders Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and, subject to Section 2.1.3
hereof, describing the intended method of distribution thereof (a Demand Request).The Holder may exercise its respective rights under this Section 2.1 in the Holders sole discretion. The
Holder is limited to a maximum of three Demand Requests in any 365-day period. 

(ii) Each Demand
Request shall specify the aggregate number of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold. Subject to Section 2.1.5, the Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file the registration statement in respect of
a Demand Registration within 45 days after receiving a Demand Request (the Required Filing Date) and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to be declared effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable after
such filing; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to file or cause a registration statement with respect to a Demand Registration to be declared effective pursuant to this
Section 2.1.1 within 90 days after the effective date of a previous Demand Registration, other than a Shelf Registration pursuant to this Article 2; 

(iii) The Corporation shall not be obligated to cause a registration statement with respect to a Demand Registration to be declared effective
pursuant to Section 2.1.1(ii) unless the Demand Request is for a number of Registrable Securities with a market value that is equal to at least $15 million as of the date of such Demand Request; provided,
however, that this Section 2.1.1(iii) shall not apply if the applicable Demand Request is for all of theRegistrable Securities as of the date of such Demand Request; 

3 

(iv) The Corporation shall not be obligated to cause to be declared effective pursuant to
this Section 2.1.1 more than two registration statements with respect to Demand Registrations; and 

(v) The
Holder shall have the right to withdraw a Demand Request at any time prior to the relevant registration statement being filed with theSEC in which event such withdrawn request shall not count as a Demand Request under this
Section 2.1. 

Section 2.1.2 Priority on Demand Registrations. The Corporation shall include in a
Demand Registration only the Registrable Securities requested by the Holder to be included therein. 

Section 2.1.3 Selection of
Underwriters. The Holder (i) may request that the offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Demand Registration be in the form of a firm commitment underwritten offering and (ii) may, in consultation with the
Corporation, select the investment banking firm or firms to manage the underwritten offering. In no event shall the Holder have the right to an underwritten offering with respect to an offering reasonably expected to result in net proceeds to the
Holder of less than $25 million. 

Section 2.1.4 Representations Warranties and Indemnification. The Holder may not
participate in any registration pursuant to Section 2.1 unless the Holder (x) agrees to sell its Registrable Securities on the basis provided in the underwriting arrangements with respect to such offering and
(y) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents and delivers all opinions, each in customary form, reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting
arrangements; provided, however, that the Holder shall not be required to make any representations or warranties in connection with any such registration other than representations and warranties as to (i) the Holders
ownership of its Registrable Securities to be sold or transferred free and clear of all encumbrances, (ii) the Holders power and authority to effect such transfer, and (iii) such matters pertaining to compliance with securities laws
as may be reasonably requested; provided, further, however, that the obligation of the Holder to indemnify pursuant to any such underwriting arrangements shall be several, not joint and several, among any of the other parties to
such underwriting arrangements, and the liability of the Holder will be in proportion thereto, and provided, further, that so long as the Holder is not the investment adviser to the Corporation, under the terms of any such agreement
such liability will be limited to the net amount received by the Holder from the sale of its Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration; and provided, further, that so long as the Holder is not the investment adviser to the
Corporation, any such indemnification provided by the Holder shall be limited under the terms of any such agreement to indemnification for information provided by the Holder relating to it specifically for inclusion in the registration statement.

4 

Section 2.1.5 Deferral of Filing. During any calendar year, the Corporation may
defer the filing (but not the preparation) of a registration statement required by this Section 2.1 to after the Required Filing Date if at the time the Corporation receives the Demand Request, the Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries are engaged in confidential negotiations or other confidential business activities or actively considering a securities offering by the Corporation or another material transaction, disclosure of which would be required in such
registration statement (but would not be required on or before the Required Filing Date if such registration statement were not filed), and the Board of Directors of the Corporation or a committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation
reasonably determines in good faith that such disclosure would have a material adverse effect on the Corporation or its security holders (any such period during which such filing is deferred pursuant to this Section 2.1.5,
a Blackout Period). The Corporation may only exercise its right to defer a registration statement pursuant to this Section 2.1.5 twice in any calendar year and for no more than 90 calendar days in the
aggregate during such calendar year. A deferral of the filing of a registration statement pursuant to Section 2.1.5 shall be limited, and the requested registration statement shall be filed forthwith, if the negotiations or
other activities are disclosed or terminated. In order to defer the filing of a registration statement pursuant to this Section 2.1.5, the Corporation shall within 10 days of receipt of the Demand Request, deliver to the
Holder a certificate signed by an executive officer of the Corporation stating that the Corporation is deferring such filing pursuant to this Section 2.1.5 (subject to execution of a confidentiality agreement if required by
law or contract) and a general statement of the reason for such deferral and an approximation of the anticipated delay. Within 20 days after receiving such certificate, the Holder may withdraw such Demand Request by giving notice to the Corporation;
if withdrawn, the Demand Request shall be deemed not to have been made for all purposes of this Agreement. 

Section 2.2 Piggyback
Registrations. 

Section 2.2.1 Right to Piggyback. Each time the Corporation proposes to register any of its equity
securities (other than pursuant to an Excluded Registration) under the Securities Act for sale to the public (whether for the account of the Corporation or the account of any security holder of the Corporation other than the Holder) (a
Piggyback Registration), if any Registrable Securities are outstanding at such time the Corporation shall give prompt written notice to the Holder (which notice shall be given not less than 20 days prior to the anticipated filing
date of the first preliminary prospectus related to such registration of equity securities), which notice shall offer the Holder the opportunity to include any or all of its Registrable Securities in such registration statement, subject to the
limitations contained in Section 2.2.2 hereof. If the Holder desires to have its Registrable Securities included in such registration statement, it shall so advise the Corporation in writing (stating the number of shares
desired to be registered) within 7 days after the date of such notice from the Corporation. The Holder shall have the right to withdraw its request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any registration statement pursuant to this
Section 2.2.1 by giving written notice to the Corporation of such withdrawal. The Corporation shall include in such registration statement all such Registrable Securities so requested to be included therein;
provided, however, that the Corporation may at any time withdraw or cease proceeding with any such registration if it shall at the same time withdraw or cease proceeding with the registration of all other equity securities originally
proposed to be registered. 

5 

Section 2.2.2 Priority on Piggyback Registrations. 

(i) If a Piggyback Registration relates to an underwritten offering and was initiated by the Corporation, the Corporation shall include in
such registration statement (a) first, the securities the Corporation proposes to sell, (b) second, if and to the extent the managing underwriter or underwriters advise the Corporation that the inclusion thereof will not prevent the sale
of the securities described in clause (a) in an orderly manner at a price acceptable to the Corporation, the Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration pursuant to Section 2.2.1, and
(c) third, if and to the extent the managing underwriter or underwriters advise the Corporation that the inclusion thereof will not prevent the sale of the securities described in clause (a) in an orderly manner at a price acceptable to
the Corporation, any other securities. 

(ii) If a Piggyback Registration relates to an underwritten offering and was initiated by a
security holder of the Corporation other than the Holder, the Corporation shall include in such registration statement (a) first, the securities requested to be included therein by the security holders requesting such registration, and
(b) second, if and to the extent the managing underwriter or underwriters advise the Corporation that the inclusion thereof will not prevent the sale of the securities described in clause (a) in an orderly manner at a price acceptable to
the holders of those securities, any Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration pursuant to Section 2.2.1. 

(iii) The Holder may not participate in any Piggyback Registration hereunder unless it (x) agrees to sell the Holders Registrable
Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Corporation and (y) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents and delivers all
opinions, each in customary form, reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements; provided, however, that the Holder shall not be required to make any representations or warranties in connection with any such
registration other than representations and warranties as to (a) the Holders ownership of its Registrable Securities to be sold or transferred free and clear of all encumbrances, (b) the Holders power and authority to effect
such transfer, and (c) such matters pertaining to compliance with securities laws as may be reasonably requested; provided, further, however, that the obligation of the Holder to indemnify pursuant to any such underwriting
arrangements shall be several, not joint and several, among any of the other parties to such underwriting arrangements, and the liability of the Holder will be in proportion thereto, and provided, further, that under the terms of any
such agreement such liability will be limited to the net amount received by the Holder from the sale of his or its Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration; and provided, further, that any such indemnification provided by
the Holder shall be limited under the terms of any such agreement to indemnification for information provided by the Holder relating to it specifically for inclusion in the registration statement. 

Section 2.2.3 Selection of Underwriters. In respect of any Piggyback Registration, the Corporation may select the investment
banking firm or firms that will manage the offering and that will participate in any underwriting syndicate. 

Section 2.3 Shelf
Registration. The Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to become eligible to use a shelf registration statement on Form N-2 pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or
any successor formForm N-2 Shelf) and, after becoming eligible to use a Form N-2 Shelf, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remain so
eligible. Once the Corporation becomes eligible to use a Form N-2 Shelf (or any successor form), then the Holder may require the Corporation to cause Demand Registrations to be filed on a Form N-2 Shelf (a Shelf Registration).If the Corporation is not then eligible under the Securities Act to use a 

6 

Form N-2 Shelf, Demand Registrations shall be filed on the form for which the Corporation then qualifies. The Holder shall use reasonable efforts to
deliver to the Corporation written notice (a Shelf Notice)that it intends to effect a sale pursuant to a Shelf Registration stating the number of shares it proposes to sell, the intended sale date and, if applicable, the
names of any proposed underwriters, not less than 10 days prior to theproposed date of sale. 

Section 2.4 Registration
Procedures. Whenever the Holder has requested that any Registrable Securities be registered pursuant to this Agreement, the Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the registration and the sale of such Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof within the time periods set forthin this Agreement, and pursuant thereto the Corporation will as promptly as reasonably practicable: 

(i) prepare and file with the SEC with respect to any Demand Registration, a registration statement on any appropriate form under the
Securities Act with respect to such Registrable Securities and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective, provided that as far in advance as practicable before filing such registration statement or
any amendment thereto, the Corporation will furnish to the Holder copies of reasonably complete drafts of all such documents prepared to be filed (including exhibits), and the Holder shall have the opportunity to discuss any information contained
therein with the Corporation and the Corporation will consider all corrections reasonably requested by the Holder with respect to such information prior to filing any such registration statement or amendment; 

(ii) except in the case of a Shelf Registration, prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, post-effective amendments, and supplements to
such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such registration statement effective for a period of not less than 180 days (or such lesser period as is necessary for the underwriters in an
underwritten offering to sell unsold allotments) and comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement during such period in accordance with the intended methods
of disposition by thesellers thereof set forth in such registration statement; 

(iii) in the case of a Shelf Registration,
prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such registration statement continuously effective and to comply with the
provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities subject thereto for a period ending on the earlier of the date on which all the Registrable Securities subject thereto have been sold pursuant to such
registration statement and the date of expiration of such Shelf Registration; 

(iv) furnish to the Holder and the underwriters of the
securities being registered such number of copies of such registration statement, each amendment and supplement thereto, the prospectus included in such registration statement (including each preliminary prospectus), any issuer free writing
prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference therein and such other documents as such seller or underwriters may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such seller or the sale of such
securities by such underwriters (it being understood that, subject to Section 2.5 and the 

7 

requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, the Corporation consents to the use of the prospectus, any amendment or supplement thereto and any issuer free writing
prospectus by the Holder and the underwriters in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by the registration statement of which such prospectus, amendment or supplement is a part); 

(v) use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify such Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue
sky laws of such jurisdictions as the managing underwriter reasonably requests (or, in the event the registration statement does not relate to an underwritten offering, as the Holder may reasonably request); use commercially reasonable efforts
to keep each such registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the period in which such registration statement is required to be kept effective; and do any and all other acts and things which may be reasonably necessary or
advisable to enable the Holder to consummate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such seller in such jurisdictions (provided, however, that the Corporation will not be required to (A) qualify generally to do
business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this subparagraph, (B) consent to general service of process in any such jurisdiction), (C) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction or
(D) register as a foreign corporation in any such jurisdiction; 

(vi) promptly notify the Holder and each underwriter and (if
requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing (A) when any such registration statement or any issuer free writing prospectus used in connection therewith, or any related prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment has been filed and, with respect to any such registration statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (B) of the issuance by any state securities or other regulatory authority of any order suspending
the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of idle Registrable Securities under state securities or blue sky laws or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, and (C) at any time when a registration statement
pursuant to a Demand Registration (other than a Shelf Registration) is effective or during any period covered by a Shelf Notice of the happening of any event which makes any statement made in any such registration statement or related prospectus or
issuer free writing prospectus untrue or which requires the making of any changes in such registration statement, prospectus, issuer free writing prospectus or documents so that they will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and, subject to the Corporations right to issue a Suspension Notice, as promptly as practicable thereafter following the
expiration of any applicable Suspension Period, prepare and file with the SEC and furnish a supplement or amendment to such prospectus or additional issuer free writing prospectus so that, as thereafter deliverable to the purchasers of such
Registrable Securities, such prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(vii) permit the Holder to participate in the preparation of such registration or comparable statement and to consider the insertion therein
of material, furnished to the Corporation in writing, which in the reasonable judgment of the Holder and its counsel should be included; 

8 

(viii) use commercially reasonable efforts to make reasonably available members of
management of the Corporation, as selected by the Holder, for such assistance in the selling effort relating to the Registrable Securities covered by such registration as may be reasonably requested by the Holder, including, but not limited to, the
participation of such members of the Corporations management in live or recorded road show presentations; 

(ix) otherwise use
commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and make generally available to the
Corporations security holders an earnings statement satisfying the provisions of Section 11 (a) of the Securities Act no later than 90 days after the end of the 12 month period beginning with the first day of the Corporations first
fiscal quarter commencing after the effective date of a registration statement, which earnings statement shall cover said 12 month period, and which requirement will be deemed to be satisfied if the Corporation timely files complete and accurate
information on Forms 10-Q,10-K and 8-K under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 158 under the Securities Act;

(x) if reasonably requested by the managing underwriter or the Holder promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment or prepare an issuer free writing prospects including such information as the managing underwriter or any seller reasonably requests to be included therein, including, without limitation, with respect to the Registrable Securities being
sold by such seller, the purchase price being paid therefor by the underwriters and with respect to any other terms of the underwritten offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering, and promptly make all required filings of
such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment or issuer free writing prospectus; 

(xi) as promptly as practicable after filing
with the SEC of any document which is incorporated by reference into a registration statement (in the form in which it was incorporated), deliver a copy of each such document to the Holder unless available on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering
and Retrieval System (EDGAR) or any successor system; 

(xii) cooperate with the sellers and the managing underwriter to facilitate the
timely preparation and delivery of certificates (which shall not bear any restrictive legends unless required under applicable law) representing securities sold under any registration statement, and enable such securities to be in such denominations
and registered in such names as the managing underwriter or such sellers may request and keep available and make available to the Corporations transfer agent prior to the effectiveness of such registration statement a supply of such
certificates; 

(xiii) promptly make available for inspection by any seller, any underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to
any registration statement, and any attorney, accountant or other agent or representative retained by anysuch seller or underwriter (collectively, the Inspectors),all financialand other records, pertinent
corporate documents and properties of the Corporation, as shall be reasonably necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, and cause the Corporations officers, directors and employees to supply all information
requested by any such Inspector in connection with such registration statement; 

9 

(xiv) furnish to the Holder and underwriter a signed counterpart of (A) an opinion or
opinions of counsel to the Corporation, and (B) a comfort letter or comfort letters from the Corporations independent registered public accountants, each in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by
opinions or comfort letters, as the case may be, as the sellers or managing underwriter reasonably requests (each such opinion and comfort letter to be addressed to both the seller and underwriter, if reasonably possible); 

(xv) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities included in any registration statement to be listed on each
securities exchange, if any, on which similar securities issued by the Corporation are then listed; 

(xvi) provide a transfer agent and
registrar for all Registrable Securities registered hereunder; 

(xvii) cooperate with the Holder and each underwriter participating in
the disposition of such Registrable Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

(xviii) during the period when the prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, promptly file all documents required to
be filed with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

(xix) notify the Holder promptly of any
request by the SEC for the amending or supplementing of such registration statement or prospectus or for additional information; 

(xx)
enter into such agreements (including underwriting agreements in the managing underwriters customary form) as are customary in connection with an underwritten registration; 

(xxi) advise the Holder, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the SEC
suspending the effectiveness of such registration statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal at
the earliest possible moment if such stop order should be issued; and 

(xxii) use commercially reasonable efforts to take all other steps
necessary to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities covered by the registration statement. 

Section 2.5 Suspension
of Dispositions. The Holder agrees by acquisition of any Registrable Securities that, upon receipt of any notice (a Suspension Notice) fromthe Corporation of the happening of any event of the kind described in
Section 2.4(vi)(C), the Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until the Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus, or until it is advised in writing (the
Advice)by the Corporation that the use of the prospectus maybe resumed, and has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus, and, if so directed
by the Corporation, the Holder will deliver to the Corporation all copies, other than permanent file copies then in the Holders possession, of the prospectus covering such Registrable 

10 

Securities current at the time of receipt of such notice (any such period during which disposition of Registrable Securities is suspended, a Suspension Period).In the
event the Corporation shall give any such notice, the time period referred to in Section 2.4(u) shall be extended by the number of days during the period from and including the date of the giving of the Suspension Notice to
and including the date when the Holder covered by such registration statement shall have received the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus or the Advice. The Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts and take such actions as
are reasonably necessary to render the Advice as promptly as practicable. 

Section 2.6 Registration Expenses. 

Section 2.6.1 Demand Registrations. All reasonable,
out-of-pocket fees and expenses incident to any Demand Registration including, without limitation, the Corporations performance of or compliance with this
Article 2, all registration and filing fees, all fees and expenses associated with filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), as may be required by the rules and regulations of the
FINRA, fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities), rating agency fees,
printing expenses (including expenses of printing certificates for the Registrable Securities in a form eligible for deposit with the Depository Trust Corporation and of printing prospectuses if the printing of prospectuses is requested by the
Holder), messenger and delivery expenses, the fees and expenses incurred in connection with any listing or quotation of the Registrable Securities, fees and expenses of counsel for the Corporation and its independent certified public accountants
(including the expenses of any special audit or cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance), the fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Corporation in connection with such registration and any
underwriting discounts, commissions or fees attributable to the sale of the Registrable Securities will be borne by the Holder. 

Section 2.6.2 Piggyback Registrations. All fees and expenses incident to any Piggyback Registration including, without
limitation, the Corporations performance of or compliance with this Article 2, all registration and filing fees, all fees and expenses associated with filings required to be made with the FINRA, as may be required by the rules and
regulations of the FINRA, fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities),
rating agency fees, printing expenses (including expenses of printing certificates for the Registrable Securities in a form eligible for deposit with the Depository Trust Corporation and of printing prospectuses), messenger and delivery expenses,
the fees and expenses incurred in connection with any listing or quotation of the Registrable Securities, fees and expenses of counsel for the Corporation and its independent certified public accountants (including the expenses of any special audit
or cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance), the fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Corporation in connection with such registration, and any underwriting discounts, commissions or fees
attributable to the sale of the Registrable Securities will be borne by the Holder in the Piggyback Registration pro rata on the basis of the number of shares sought to be sold by the Holder in the Piggyback Registration. 

11 

Section 2.7 Indemnification. 

Section 2.7.1 The Corporation will indemnify and hold harmless the Holder and, in the case of an underwritten offering, each
underwriter, their respective partners, members, directors, officers, affiliates and each person, if any, who controls such seller or underwriter, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such seller may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus or any issuer free writing prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon
the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and will reimburse such seller
for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such seller in connection with investigating or defending any loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such seller is a party
thereto), whether threatened or commenced, and in connection with the enforcement of this provision with respect to any of the above as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Corporation will not be liable in any such
case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission from any of such documents in reliance upon and in conformity with
written information furnished to the Corporation by the Holder relating to it specifically for use therein; provided, the liability of the Holder will be in proportion to, and will be limited to, the net amount received by the Holder from the
sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration statement; provided, however, that the Holder shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that prior to the filing of any such registration statement or prospectus or
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, the Holder has furnished in writing to the Corporation information expressly for use in such registration statement or prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto which corrected or made not
misleading information previously furnished to the Corporation. Any indemnification by the Corporation pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the requirements and limitations of Section 17(i) of the Investment Company Act. 

Section 2.7.2 The Holder will severally and not jointly indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation, each of its directors and each of
its officers who signs a registration statement and each person, if any, who controls the Corporation within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any losses, claims, damages or
liabilities to which such indemnified party may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in
respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus or any issuer free writing prospectus or arise out of
or are based upon the omission or the alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Corporation by the Holder relating to it specifically for use therein, and will reimburse any legal

12 

or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or
proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such indemnified party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced, based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission as such expenses are incurred. 

Section 2.7.3 Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 2.7 of notice of the
commencement of any action, such indemnified partly will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under Section 2.7.1 or Section 2.7.2, notify the indemnifying
party of the commencement thereof; but the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under Section 2.7.1 or Section 2.7.2 except to the
extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided, further, that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability
that it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under Section 2.7.1 or Section 2.7.2. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies an indemnifying party
of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the
defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 2.7 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense
thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened action in respect of which any indemnified party is or
could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on any claims that are the subject matter
of such action and (ii) does not include a statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of an indemnified party. 

Section 2.7.4 If the indemnification provided for in this Section 2.7 is unavailable or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party under Section 2.7.1 or Section 2.7.2 although applicable in accordance with its terms, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by
such indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in Section 2.7.1 or Section 2.7.2 (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault
of the indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause
(i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative faults referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party on the one hand
and the indemnified party on the other as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. In connection with any registration statement filed with the SEC by the Corporation, the relative fault shall be determined by reliance to, among other
things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material act or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such indemnifying party or indemnified party and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent 

13 

such untrue statement or omission. The relative benefits received by the indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as
the total net proceeds from the offering of securities registered thereunder (before deducting expenses) received by the indemnifying party bear to the aggregate public offering price of the securities registered thereunder. The amount paid by an
indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this Section 2.7.4 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such
indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim which is the subject of this Section 2.7.4. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2.7.4, the Holder
shall not be required to contribute an amount greater than the dollar amount by which the net proceeds received by the Holder with respect to the sale of any Registrable Securities exceeds the amount of damages which the Holder has otherwise been
required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f)of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

If indemnification is available under this
Section 2.7, the indemnifying parties shall indemnify each indemnified party to the full extent provided in Section 2.7.1 and Section 2.7.2 without regard to the relative
fault of said indemnifying party or indemnified party or any other equitable consideration provided for in this Section 2.7.4 subject, in the case of the Holder, to the limited dollar amounts set forthin
Section 2.7.2. 

Section 2.7.5 The indemnification and contribution provided for under this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director, or controlling Person of such indemnified party and will survive the transfer of securities. 

Section 2.8 Transfer of Registration Rights. Any of the rights of the Holder under this Agreement may be assigned, in the
discretion of the Holder, without the consent of the Corporation, to any Person who is a transferee of not less than 5% of the Registrable Securities from the Holder; and agrees in writing to be subject to and bound by all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement but no such assignment will relieve the assigning Holder of liability based on any action or occurrence prior to the assignment. 

Section 2.9 Rule 144. The Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts to file the reports required to be filed by it
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder (or, if the Corporation is not required to file such reports, will, upon the request of the Holder, make publicly available other information)
and will take such further action as the Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable the Holder to sell the Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the
exemptions provided by (i) Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time or (ii) any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC. Upon the reasonable written request of the Holder, the
Corporation will deliver to such parties a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements and will, at its expense, forthwith upon the request of the Holder, deliver to the Holder a certificate, signed by the
Corporations principal financial officer, stating (a) the Corporations name, address and telephone number (including area code), (b) the Corporations Internal Revenue Service 

14 

identification number, (c) the Corporations SEC file number, (d) the number of shares of each class of capital stock outstanding as shown by the most recent report or statement
published by the Corporation, and (e) whether the Corporation has filed the reports required to be filed under the Exchange Act for a period of at least 90 days prior to the date of such certificate and in addition has filed the most recent
annual report required to be filed thereunder. 

Section 2.10 Preservation of Rights. The Corporation will not (i) grant
any registration rights to third parties which are more favorable than or inconsistent with the rights granted hereunder or (ii) enter into any agreement, take any action, or permit any change to occur, with respect to its securities that
violates or subordinates the rights expressly granted to the Holder in this Agreement. 

ARTICLE III 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 3.1 Notices. Any notice, instruction, direction or demand required under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be dully given upon delivery, if delivered by hand, or internationally recognized overnight courier (with postage prepaid), to the following addresses: 

If to the Corporation, to: 

Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 3400, 

New York, New York 10017 

Attention: Joshua Lefkowitz 

Email: Joshua.Lefkowitz@carlyle.com 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 

125 Broad Street 

New York, New
York 10004 

Attention: William G. Farrar 

Email: farrarw@sullcrom.com 

or
to such other addresses or telecopy numbers 

as may be specified by like notice to the other parties. 

If to the Holder, to: 

Carlyle
Investment Management L.L.C. 

1001 Pennsylvania Ave. N.W., 

Washington, DC 20004 

Attention:
General Counsel 

Email: Joshua.lefkowitz@carlyle.com 

15 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Simpson, Thacher & Barlett LLP 

900 G Street, N.W. 

Washington,
D.C. 20001 

Attention: Rajib Chanda 

Email: Rajib.Chanda@STBlaw.com 

or to such other addresses or telecopy numbers as may be specified by like notice to the other parties. 

Any notice or communication hereunder shall be deemed to have been given or made as of the date so delivered if personally delivered; when
answered back, if telexed; when receipt is acknowledged, if telecopied; and five calendar days after mailing if sent by registered or certified mail (except that a notice of change of address shall not be deemed to have been given until actually
received by the addressee). 

Failure to mail a notice or communication to the Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency
with respect to the Holder. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

Section 3.2 Authority. Each of the parties hereto represents on behalf of itself as follows: (i) it has the requisite
corporate or other power and authority and has taken all corporate or other action necessary in order to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) this Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by it and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of it enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Section 3.3 Governing Law. 

Section 3.3.1 This Agreement is to be construed in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to any choice of law rule that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of New York to the rights and duties of the parties. 

Section 3.3.2 Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents to submit to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County (the New York Courts) for any legal action or other
legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the negotiation, validity or performance of this Agreement, or the transactions contemplated thereby (and agrees not to commence any legal action or other legal proceeding relating
thereto except in such courts), including to enforce any settlement, order or award. Each party hereto: 

(i) consents to service of
process in any such proceeding in any manner permitted by the laws of the State of New York, and agrees that service of process by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address specified pursuant to
Section 3.1 is reasonably calculated to give actual notice; 

16 

(ii) agrees that the New York Courts shall be deemed to be a convenient forum; and 

(iii) waives and agrees not to assert (by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise), in any such legal proceeding commenced in the New York
Courts that such party is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of such court, that such legal proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of such proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter
hereof or thereof may not be enforced in or by such court. 

Section 3.3.3 In the event of any action or other proceeding relating to
this Agreement or the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing party (as determined by the court) shall be entitled to payment by the non-prevailing party of all costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the prevailing party, including any costs and expenses incurred in connection with any challenge to the jurisdiction or the convenience or propriety of venue of proceedings before the New York
Courts. 

Section 3.3.4 Each of the parties hereto hereby waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any right it may
have to a trial by jury with respect to any legal action or other legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the parties hereto
(a) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce that foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges
that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers set forth in this
Section 3.3.4. 

Section 3.4 Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all
rights provided to it herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Corporation agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby agrees to waive in any action for specific performance the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

Section 3.5 Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
benefit the Corporation, the Holder, and their respective successors and assigns. 

Section 3.6 Severability. Any term or
provision hereof that is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions
hereof or the validity or enforceability of the invalid, void or unenforceable term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority declares any term or
provision hereof invalid, void or unenforceable, the court or other authority making such determination will have the power to and will, subject to the discretion of such body, reduce the scope, duration, area or applicability of the term or
provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid, void or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or
unenforceable term or provision. 

17 

Section 3.7 Waivers. A provision of this Agreement may be waived only by a
writing signed by the party or parties intended to be bound by the waiver. A party is not prevented from enforcing any right, remedy or condition in the partys favor because of any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy or in
requiring satisfaction of any condition, except to the extent that the party specifically waives the same in writing. A written waiver given for one matter or occasion is effective only in that instance and only for the purpose stated. A waiver once
given is not to be construed as a waiver for any other matter or occasion. Any enumeration of a partys rights and remedies in this Agreement is not intended to be exclusive, and a partys rights and remedies are intended to be cumulative
to the extent permitted by law and include any rights and remedies authorized in law or in equity. 

Section 3.8 Amendment.
This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any respect except by a written agreement signed by the Corporation and the Holder. 

Section 3.9 Entire Agreement. Subject to the following sentence, this Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations, arrangements, representations and understandings, written, oral or otherwise, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Upon the issuance and sale of the Common
Stock pursuant to that certain Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Corporation and the Holder, the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2020, between the Corporation and the Holder,
shall terminate. 

Section 3.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (whether delivered by
electronic copy or otherwise), each of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party. Each party need not sign the same
counterpart. 

Section 3.11 Construction and Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a section or
article, such reference will be to a section or article of this Agreement, unless otherwise clearly indicated to the contrary. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement they will
be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein and herewith and words of similar import will, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and article and section references are references to the articles and sections of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. The plural of any defined term will have a meaning correlative
to such defined term and words denoting any gender will include all genders and the neuter. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of its other grammatical forms will have a corresponding meaning. A reference to any legislation or to any
provision of any legislation will include any modification, amendment, re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefore and all rules, regulations and statutory instruments issued or
related to such legislation. If any ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party
by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. No prior draft of this Agreement will be used in the interpretation or construction of this 

18 

Agreement. The parties intend that each provision of this Agreement will be given full separate and independent effect. Although the same or similar subject matters may be addressed in different
provisions of this Agreement, the parties intend that, except as expressly provided herein, each such provision will be read separately, be given independent significance and not be construed as limiting any other provision of this Agreement
(whether or not more general or more specific in scope, substance or content). Headings are used for convenience only and will not in any way affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. References to documents includes electronic
communications. 

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of
the date first written above. 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas M. Hennigan

Name: Thomas M. Hennigan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CARLYLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT L.L.C.

By: /s/ Jeffrey W. Ferguson

Name: Jeffrey W. Ferguson

Title: General Counsel

[Signature page to the
Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d906363dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

Execution Version 

Fourth Amendment and Joinder to Loan and Servicing 

Agreement 

This Fourth
Amendment and Joinder to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025 (the Fourth Amendment), is entered into by and among CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III SPV, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the
Borrower), CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC., a Maryland corporation (CSL Inc.), CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III, a Delaware statutory trust (the CSL III), WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as
the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent), MASSACHUSETTS MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (the Initial Lender), C.M. LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (CML), and MASSMUTUAL ASCEND LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY (Ascend, and together with CML and the Initial Lender, collectively the Lenders) and refers to and amends that certain Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022 (as amended by
that certain First Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2023, that certain Second Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2024, that certain Third Amendment to Loan and Servicing
Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Fourth Amendment, the Loan and Servicing
Agreement, and the Loan and Servicing Agreement, after giving effect to the effectiveness of this Fourth Amendment, the Amended Loan and Servicing Agreement), by and among the Borrower, CSL III, as Holdings and as the
Portfolio Asset Servicer, WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Administrative Agent, the Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian, the Initial Lender and the other Lenders party thereto, as Lenders, and BARINGS FINANCE LLC (as successor
to Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company), as the Calculation Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth for such terms in the Loan and Servicing Agreement. 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Initial Lender constitutes the Majority Lenders, and the Lenders party hereto constitute all of the
Lenders under the Loan and Servicing Agreement; 

WHEREAS, CSL Inc. has entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire CSL III on or
about March 27, 2025 (the Merger Effective Date) whereby CSL Inc. will be the successor to CSL III by merger and the sole surviving entity (collectively, the Merger); 

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Loan and Servicing Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof in order to, inter
alia, reflect the Merger and join CSL Inc. as party thereto; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and
valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged), the parties hereto hereby agree as follows. 

SECTION 1.
AMENDMENTS TO LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT. 

Effective as of the Merger Effective Date, certain sections of the Loan and Servicing
Agreement shall be amended as follows: 

(a) The Loan and Servicing Agreement shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated
textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text
(indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the form attached as Annex A to this Fourth Amendment. 

SECTION 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 

This Fourth Amendment shall become effective as of the Merger Effective Date subject to the satisfaction of the following requirements: 

(a) The Initial Lender and Administrative Agent shall have received from each party hereto a counterpart of this Fourth Amendment signed on
behalf of such party; 

(b) To the extent applicable, the Initial Lender and Administrative Agent shall have received any amendments to the
limited liability company agreement or other constituent documentation of the Borrower made in connection with the Merger and reflecting CSL Inc. as the sole member of the Borrower, in each case duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto;

(c) The Initial Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have received true, correct and complete copies of CSL Inc.s certificate
of incorporation, articles of association, bylaws and other constituent documents (the CSL Inc. Governing Documents), which CSL Inc. Governing Documents have not been further amended, modified, superseded, revoked or rescinded in
any respect and are in full force and effect as of the Merger Effective Date; 

(d) The Initial Lender and Administrative Agent shall have
received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of CSL Inc., dated the Merger Effective Date: (i) certifying that the board of directors of CSL Inc. has authorized and approved the execution and delivery by CSL Inc. of this Fourth Amendment and
the performance of its obligations under this Fourth Amendment, the Loan and Servicing Agreement as amended hereby, the other Transaction Documents to which it is party and, in each case, the transactions contemplated thereby, any document related
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and any amendments to any of the foregoing, (iii) attaching certificates relating to the good standing of CSL Inc. in its jurisdiction of incorporation and dated as of a recent date
and (iv) attaching a specimen of the signature of person(s) authorized by the the board of directors of CSL Inc. who will execute this Fourth Amendment and the other Transaction Documents delivered under or in connection with this Fourth
Amendment and effect; 

(e) The Initial Lender and Administrative Agent shall have received copies of tax, judgment and lien searches in all
jurisdictions reasonably requested by the Initial Lenders and requests for information (or a similar UCC search report certified by a party acceptable to the Initial Lender), dated a date reasonably near to the Merger Effective Date, and with
respect to such requests for information or UCC searches, listing all effective financing statements which name CSL Inc. (under its present name and any previous name) as debtor(s) and which are filed in the State of Maryland together with copies of
such financing statements (none of which shall cover the Pledged Equity); 

(f) The Initial Lender and Administrative Agent shall have
received financing statements describing the Pledged Equity and (i) naming CSL Inc. as debtor and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as secured party and (ii) other, similar instruments or documents, as may be
necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the Administrative Agents, on behalf of the Secured Parties, interests in the Pledged Equity;

(g) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all other fees invoiced and
all reimbursements of costs or expenses, including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP in each case due and payable under any Transaction Document (including this Fourth Amendment) on or
before the Merger Effective Date to the extent invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Merger Effective Date; and 

(h) Such other
documents as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request. 

For purposes of this Section 2, each document and other
condition or evidence shall be deemed to be in form and substance satisfactory to each Lender by such Lender executing a counterpart of this Fourth Amendment. The Administrative Agent shall have no independent duty to confirm that the conditions
precedent set forth in this Section 2 have been satisfied. 

SECTION 3. JOINDER TO THE LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 

CSL Inc. hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Fourth Amendment, it will be deemed to be a party to the Loan
and Servicing Agreement as Holdings and Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable, for all purposes of the Loan and Servicing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and shall have all of the rights and obligations of
Holdings and Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable, as if it had executed the Loan and Servicing Agreement as Holdings and Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable. CSL Inc. hereby ratifies, as of the
Merger Effective Date, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms, provisions and conditions contained in the Loan and Servicing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents applicable to it as Holdings and Portfolio Asset
Servicer, as applicable. Without limitation of the foregoing, to the extent applicable to it, CSL Inc. makes all representations and warranties in the Loan and Servicing Agreement and hereby represents and warrants that the representations and
warranties in Section IV of the Loan and Servicing Agreement applicable to Holdings and Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable, are true and correct as of the Merger Effective Date as to CSL Inc. 

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Fourth Amendment, each of the Borrower, CSL III and CSL Inc. represents and warrants to
the Lenders party hereto that, as of the Merger Effective Date, both before and after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby: 

(a) Each of the Borrower, CSL III and CSL Inc. (i) has the power, authority and legal right to (A) execute and deliver this Fourth
Amendment and (B) perform and carry out the terms of this Fourth Amendment, and (ii) has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Fourth Amendment. 

(b) This Fourth Amendment (i) has been duly executed and delivered by each of the
Borrower, CSL III and CSL Inc., (ii) constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the Borrower, CSL III and CSL Inc., enforceable against each of the Borrower, CSL III and CSL Inc., in accordance with its terms, except as the
enforceability hereof may be limited by Bankruptcy Laws and by general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(c) No consent of any other party and no consent, license, approval or authorization of, or registration or declaration with, any Governmental
Authority, bureau or agency is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower, CSL III or CSL Inc. of this Fourth Amendment or any Transaction Document to which it is a party or the validity or enforceability of
this Fourth Amendment or any such Transaction Document or grant of a security interest in the Pledged Equity, other than such as have been waived, met or obtained and are in full force and effect. 

(d) The execution, delivery and performance of this Fourth Amendment will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and
provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Borrowers, CSL IIIs or CSL Inc.s constituent documents (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on the Pledged
Equity other than Permitted Liens or (iii) violate any Applicable Law or (iv) violate any contract or other agreement to which the Borrower, CSL III or CSL Inc. is a party or by which the Borrower, CSL III or CSL Inc. or any of its
property or assets may be bound. 

(e) No event shall have occurred and be continuing, or would result from the execution of this Fourth
Amendment, which constitutes an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Market Trigger Event or a Rating Event. 

SECTION 5. REAFFIRMATIONS

(a) Reaffirmation of Obligations. The Borrower (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this
Fourth Amendment and (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan and Servicing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

(b) Reaffirmation of Security Interests. The Borrower (a) affirms the validity and enforceability of each of the Liens and security
interests heretofore granted in or pursuant to the Transaction Documents as collateral security for the Obligations under the Transaction Documents in accordance with their respective terms and (b) acknowledges that all of such Liens and
security interests, and all Collateral heretofore pledged as security for such Obligations, continues to be and remain Collateral for such Obligations from and after the date hereof. 

SECTION 6. AGREEMENTS 

(a) CSL Inc.
acknowledges and confirms that it has received a copy of the Loan and Servicing Agreement and the schedules and exhibits thereto. 

(b) CSL
Inc. hereby agrees that, upon becoming the Holdings and Portfolio Asset Servicer, it will be liable for all the Obligations (to the extent applicable) as provided in the Transaction Documents. 

(c) CSL Inc. agrees that at any time and from time to time, upon the reasonable written
request of the Initial Lender or the Administrative Agent, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as the Initial Lender or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to effect the
purposes of this Fourth Amendment. 

(d) CSL Inc. hereby represents and warrants that this Fourth Amendment constitutes a legal and binding
obligation of CSL Inc., enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to Bankruptcy Laws and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

SECTION 7. MISCELLANEOUS 

(a) As of the
Merger Effective Date, each reference in the Amended Loan and Servicing Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference
in the other Transaction Documents to the Loan and Servicing Agreement (including, without limitation, by means of words like thereunder, thereof and words of like import), shall mean and be a reference to the
Loan and Servicing Agreement as amended by this Fourth Amendment. 

(b) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the terms and provisions
of the Loan and Servicing Agreement and all other Transaction Documents are and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 

(c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Fourth Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any
Lender or the Borrower under the Loan and Servicing Agreement, or any other Transaction Document, or constitute a waiver or amendment of any other provision of the Loan and Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Document (as amended hereby)
except as and to the extent expressly set forth herein. 

(d) Section headings contained in this Fourth Amendment are included herein for
convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Fourth Amendment for any other purposes. 

(e) The provisions of
Section 11.06 and Section 11.10 of the Loan and Servicing Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Fourth Amendment as if fully set forth herein, mutatis mutandis. 

(f) The Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by facsimile or other written form of
communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, execute,
signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Fourth Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures approved by the Borrower and the Lenders (and,
for the avoidance of doubt, electronic signatures utilizing the DocuSign platform shall be deemed approved), or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually
executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the

New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The Lenders shall not incur any liability arising out of
the use of electronic methods for any and all purposes in connection with the execution of this Fourth Amendment, including the authorization, execution, delivery or submission of documents, instruments, notices, directions, instructions, reports,
opinions and certificates to the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Custodian. 

(g) The Fourth Amendment is a Transaction Document,
and together with the other Transaction Documents, incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Fourth Amendment to be
executed by their respective officers and members thereunto duly authorized, as of the date indicated above. 

The Borrower:

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III SPV, L.L.C.

By: 

/s/ Tom Hennigan

Name: Tom Hennigan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CSL III:

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III

By: 

/s/ Tom Hennigan

Name: Tom Hennigan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CSL Inc.:

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC.

By: 

/s/ Tom Hennigan

Name: Tom Hennigan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

The Initial Lender:

MASSACHUSETTS MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: Barings LLC, its Investment Adviser

By: 

/s/ Virginia Chiarello

Name: Virginia Chiarello

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement]

Lender: 

MASSMUTUAL ASCEND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: Barings LLC, its Investment Adviser

By: 

/s/ Virginia Chiarello

Name: Virginia Chiarello

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement]

Lender:

C.M. LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: Barings LLC, its Investment Adviser

By: 

/s/ Virginia Chiarello

Name: Virginia Chiarello

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement]

The Administrative Agent:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

in its capacity as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Marie Nicolosi

Name: Marie Nicolosi

Title:

Vice President

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement]

ANNEX A 

[Attached] 

Execution Version 

Conformed through ThirdFourth Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement 

LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 

among 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING, INC.,

(as successor
to Carlyle Secured Lending III), 

as Holdings, 

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III SPV, L.L.C., 

as the Borrower, 

MASSACHUSETTS
MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY and 

the other Lenders from time to time party hereto, 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as the Administrative Agent, 

BARINGS FINANCE LLC 

(as successor
to Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company), 

as the Calculation Agent, 

CARLYLE SECURED
LENDING, INC.,

(as successor
to Carlyle Secured Lending III), 

as the Portfolio Asset Servicer, 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as the Collateral Custodian 

and

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as the Account Bank 

Dated as of
September 30, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. INTERPRETATION 1 

Section 1.01 Certain Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.02 Other Terms 37 

Section 1.03 Computation of Time Periods 37 

Section 1.04 Interpretation 37 

Section 1.05 Advances to Constitute Loans 38 

Section 1.06 Information as to Interest Rates 38 

Section 1.07 Rates 38 

ARTICLE II. THE FACILITY 39 

Section 2.01 Advances 39 

Section 2.02 Procedure for Advances 40 

Section 2.03 Evidence of Debt 41 

Section 2.04 Repayment; Termination of Commitments 42 

Section 2.05 Interest and Fees 43 

Section 2.06 Payments and Computations, Etc. 45 

Section 2.07 Collections and Allocations 46 

Section 2.08 Remittance Procedures 47 

Section 2.09 Grant of a Security Interest 52 

Section 2.10 Sale of Portfolio Assets 53 

Section 2.11 Release of Portfolio Assets 55 

Section 2.12 Increased Costs 55 

Section 2.13 Taxes 56 

Section 2.14 Extension of Revolving Period and Stated Maturity Date 59 

Section 2.15 Increase in Commitments 60 

Section 2.16 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 61 

Section 2.17 Defaulting Lenders 62 

Section 2.18 Benchmark Replacement Setting 64 

ARTICLE III. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 64 

Section 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 64 

Section 3.02 Conditions Precedent to All Advances 66 

Section 3.03 Advances Do Not Constitute a Waiver 67 

i 

Page 

Section 3.04 Conditions to Transfers of Portfolio Assets 68 

ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS 68 

Section 4.01 Representations of the Borrower 68 

Section 4.02 Representations of the Borrower Relating to the Agreement and the Collateral 75 

Section 4.03 Representations of the Calculation Agent and the Portfolio Asset Servicer 75 

Section 4.04 Representations of each Lender 77 

Section 4.05 Representations of the Collateral Custodian 77 

Section 4.06 Representations of Holdings 78 

ARTICLE V. GENERAL COVENANTS 81 

Section 5.01 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower 81 

Section 5.02 Negative Covenants of the Borrower 86 

Section 5.03 Affirmative Covenants of the Applicable Servicer 88 

Section 5.04 Negative Covenants of the Calculation Agent 88 

Section 5.05 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian 88 

Section 5.06 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian 89 

Section 5.07 Affirmative Covenants of Holdings 89 

Section 5.08 Negative Covenants of Holdings 90 

ARTICLE VI. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 91 

Section 6.01 Events of Default 91 

Section 6.02 Pledged Equity 93 

Section 6.03 Additional Remedies 94 

ARTICLE VII. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 95 

Section 7.01 Appointment and Authority 95 

Section 7.02 Rights as a Lender 96 

Section 7.03 Exculpatory Provisions 96 

Section 7.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 99 

Section 7.05 Delegation of Duties 99 

Section 7.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent 99 

Section 7.07 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 100 

Section 7.08 Reimbursement by Lenders 100 

Section 7.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 101 

ii 

Page 

Section 7.10 Collateral Matters 101 

ARTICLE VIII. ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF COLLATERAL 105 

Section 8.01 Appointment and Designation of the Applicable Servicer 105 

Section 8.02 Duties of the Applicable Servicer 107 

Section 8.03 Authorization of the Portfolio Asset Servicer 111 

Section 8.04 Collection of Payments; Accounts 111 

Section 8.05 Realization Upon Portfolio Assets 114 

Section 8.06 Calculation Agent Compensation 115 

Section 8.07 Payment of Certain Expenses by Portfolio Asset Servicer 115 

Section 8.08 Reports to the Administrative Agent Account Statements; Servicing Information 115 

Section 8.09 The Applicable Servicer Not to Resign 117 

Section 8.10 Indemnification of the Calculation Agent 117 

Section 8.11 Rights as a Lender 118 

ARTICLE IX. COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 118 

Section 9.01 Designation of Collateral Custodian 118 

Section 9.02 Duties of Collateral Custodian 119 

Section 9.03 Merger or Consolidation 121 

Section 9.04 Collateral Custodian Compensation 122 

Section 9.05 Collateral Custodian Removal 122 

Section 9.06 Limitation on Liability 122 

Section 9.07 Collateral Custodian Resignation 125 

Section 9.08 Release of Documents 125 

Section 9.09 Return of Loan Asset Files 126 

Section 9.10 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Collateral; Audits of Portfolio Asset Servicer 126 

Section 9.11 Bailment 127 

Section 9.12 Indemnification of the Collateral Custodian 127 

ARTICLE X. INDEMNIFICATION 127 

Section 10.01 Indemnities by the Borrower 127 

Section 10.02 Reserved 128 

ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS 128 

Section 11.01 Amendments and Waivers 128 

iii 

Page 

Section 11.02 Notices, Etc. 129 

Section 11.03 No Waiver Remedies 129 

Section 11.04 Binding Effect; Assignability; Multiple Lenders 130 

Section 11.05 Term of This Agreement 131 

Section 11.06 GOVERNING LAW; JURY WAIVER 131 

Section 11.07 Costs, Expenses and Taxes 131 

Section 11.08 Recourse Against Certain Parties; Non-Petition 132 

Section 11.09 Execution in Counterparts; Severability; Integration 133 

Section 11.10 Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process 134 

Section 11.11 Confidentiality 135 

Section 11.12 Non-Confidentiality of Tax Treatment 136 

Section 11.13 Waiver of Set Off 136 

Section 11.14 Headings, Schedules and Exhibits 137 

Section 11.15 Ratable Payments 137 

Section 11.16 Failure of Borrower to Perform Certain Obligations 137 

Section 11.17 Power of Attorney 137 

Section 11.18 Delivery of Termination Statements, Releases, etc. 139 

Section 11.19 Performance Conditions 139 

Section 11.20 Post-Closing Performance Conditions 140 

Section 11.21 Judgment Currency 140 

iv 

LIST OF SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

SCHEDULES 

SCHEDULE I Loan Asset Schedule

SCHEDULE II Conditions Precedent Documents

SCHEDULE III Notice Information

SCHEDULE IV Carlyle Competitors

SCHEDULE V Accounts

EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

EXHIBIT B Form of Notice of Borrowing

EXHIBIT C Form of Loan Asset Checklist

EXHIBIT D Form of Revolving Loan Note

EXHIBIT E Form of Release of Required Loan Documents

EXHIBIT F Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT G Form of Servicing Report

EXHIBIT H Form of Payment Date Report

v 

LOAN AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and among: 

(1) CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III, INC., a Delaware statutory
trustMaryland corporation
(Holdings); 

(2) CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III SPV, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the
Borrower); 

(3) MASSACHUSETTS MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, and each of the other lenders from time to time party
hereto, as Lenders (as defined herein); 

(4) WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Administrative Agent (as defined herein); 

(5) BARINGS FINANCE LLC (as successor to Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company), as the Calculation Agent (as defined herein); 

(6) CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III, INC., as the Portfolio Asset Servicer (as defined herein); 

(7) WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Collateral Custodian (as defined herein); and 

(8) WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Account Bank (as defined herein). 

The Lenders have agreed, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, to provide a secured revolving loan facility that provides for Advances
from time to time in the amounts and in accordance with the terms set forth herein. 

The proceeds of the Advances will be used to finance
the origination and/or acquisition of and investment by the Borrower in Eligible Portfolio Assets, to fund Delayed Draws and to pay fees and expenses (other than interest payments), and to make permitted payments to Holdings in accordance with the
terms hereof. 

Accordingly, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

INTERPRETATION 

SECTION 1.01 Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement and the exhibits, schedules and other attachments hereto (each of which is hereby
incorporated herein and made a part hereof), the following terms have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): 

1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

-1- 

ABL Collateral means accounts receivable, inventory and other collateral
customarily constituting the borrowing base or similar term for an asset-based revolving credit facility and with respect to which the Liens of the asset-based revolving credit facility customarily are senior to Liens securing first-lien
term loans of the same obligor and such first-lien term loans may be secured by second-priority Liens on the collateral securing such asset-based revolving credit facility. 

Acceptable Rating Agency means (a) KBRA or (b) any other credit rating agency that is recognized as a nationally
recognized statistical rating organization by the SEC and approved by the Majority Lenders, so long as, in each case, any such credit rating agency described in clause (a) or (b) above continues to be a nationally recognized statistical
rating organization recognized by the SEC and is approved as a Credit Rating Provider (or other similar designation) by the NAIC. 

Accounts means all deposit accounts and securities accounts maintained by, or for the benefit of, the Borrower from time to
time. 

Account Bank means Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as the Securities
Intermediary pursuant to an Account Control Agreement, and each other Person acting in the capacity as the Bank, Securities Intermediary or such other similar term or capacity pursuant to any agreement replacing or
substituting for any such Account Control Agreement. 

Account Control Agreement means each of (a) the Springing
Account Control Agreement, (b) the Blocked Account Control Agreement and (c) such other deposit account control agreement, securities account control agreement or other similar agreement in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent and the Calculation Agent, in the case of clause (a) through (c), as such agreement may be amended, restated, modified, replaced or otherwise supplemented from time to time. 

Additional Amount has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.13(a). 

Additional Lender Paydown Percentage means the percentage set forth in the table in the definition of Applicable LTV
Trigger corresponding to the Total Obligors and the number of years that have elapsed since the Closing Date. 

Administrative Agent means Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders,
together with its successors and permitted assigns, including any successor appointed pursuant to Article VII. 

Advance means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Article II. 

Advance Date means, with respect to any Advance, the day on which such Advance is made. 

Advance Rate means, with respect to each type of Eligible Portfolio Assets set forth in the table below, as of any date of
determination, the percentage set forth under such type in such table corresponding to the Total Obligors as of such date: 

Total Obligors Senior Loans Senior Notes Asset Based

Loans Recurring

Revenue

Loans Junior Loans 

More than 20 60 % 60 % 40 % 35 % 25 % 

10 20 45 % 45 % 20 % 20 % 10 % 

Less than 10 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 

-2- 

Advances Outstanding means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of all Advances at such time. 

Affiliate when used with respect to a Person, means any other Person
Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such Person. 

Administrative Agent Fee Letter means, any fee
letter or letters between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower entered on or before the Closing Date (which may be a part of or included with the Collateral Custodian Fee Letter), as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time. 

Agreement means this Loan and Servicing Agreement. 

Agreed-Upon Replacement has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Benchmark Replacement. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means any and all Applicable Laws relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, including, but not
limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued, or enforced pursuant to such Applicable Laws. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any and all applicable anti-money laundering, financial recordkeeping and reporting
requirements of Applicable Law, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act (as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA
PATRIOT Act)), the U.S. Department of State, Executive Order 13224 issued on September 24, 2001 and any applicable anti-money laundering statutes of other jurisdictions, as well as the rules and regulations thereunder and any related
or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency. 

Anti-Terrorism Laws
and Sanctions means any and all Applicable Laws relating to terrorism and economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Government including the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council or any other relevant Governmental Authority and any regulation, order or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Applicable Laws. 

Applicable Exchange Rate means, with respect to any payment or amount denominated in an Eligible Currency (other than U.S.
Dollars) on any date of determination, the foreign currency dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen for the applicable Eligible Currency (A) if such date is a Determination Date, at the end of such date or (B) otherwise, at
the end of the immediately preceding Business Day. 

Applicable Law means for any Person all existing and future laws,
rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person and applicable judgments, decrees,
injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 

-3- 

Applicable LTV Trigger means, as of any date of determination,
(a) during the Revolving Period, 65% and (b) at any point after the expiration of the Revolving Period, either (i) the percentage set forth in Table 1 below corresponding to the Total Obligors or (ii) the percentage set forth in
Table 2 below corresponding to the number of years that have elapsed since the Closing Date, in each case, as of such date: 

Table
1: 

Total Obligors Applicable

LTV

Trigger Additional Lender

Paydown

Percentage 

More than 20 60 % 10 % 

15 20 45 % 35 % 

10 15 30 % 70 % 

Less than 10 0 % 100 % 

Table 2: 

Years since Closing Date Applicable

LTV

Trigger Additional Lender

Paydown Percentage 

Beginning of Year 4 to end of Year 5 60 % 10 % 

Year 6 45 % 35 % 

Year 7 30 % 70 % 

Beginning of Year 8 to Maturity Date 0 % 100 % 

; provided that, if the two tables above would yield different results, then the applicable percentage shall be the
lower Applicable LTV Trigger and the higher Additional Lender Paydown Percentage. 

Applicable Servicer means the
Calculation Agent or the Portfolio Asset Servicer, as the context may require. 

Applicable Spread means 2.85%. 

Asset Based Loan means a term loan or revolving loan (or participation thereof) (a) ranking (and required by its terms
to remain) (i) first in right of payment (unless, in the case of this clause (i), such loan is a First Lien Last Out Loan, in which case such loan may rank second in right of payment to the related Other Senior Loans) and (ii) secured by
valid security interests or Liens in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligors obligations under the loan, which Liens are not (and which cannot by their terms become) subordinate in right of Lien priority to other Liens (other than
to Liens customarily allowed to be prior in priority to the Liens of a first lien asset-based lender and except that, in the case of this clause (ii), if such loan is a First Lien Last Out Loan, the provisions related to the application of proceeds
thereof may require that proceeds of collateral be applied to the related Other Senior Loans prior to the application of such proceeds to such First Lien Last Out Loan) of the Obligor in respect thereof or any guarantor thereof,
(b) availability under which (both at the time of the incurrence thereof and thereafter during the term of such loan) is restricted by a borrowing base or similar concept and (c) not constituting a Holding Company Loan. 

-4- 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement means an agreement among the Borrower
(if required under Section 11.04), a Lender, the Administrative Agent and, unless executed in connection with an assignment under Section 11.04, the Majority Lenders in a form customarily provided by the Loan Syndications and
Trading Association and delivered in connection with a Person becoming a Lender hereunder after the Closing Date. 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used
for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any
frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement. 

Attorney has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 11.17. 

Australian Dollars means, and the conventional AUD signifies, the lawful money of Australia. 

Available Collections means all cash Collections and other cash proceeds with respect to any Loan Asset deposited in the
Collection Accounts and all other amounts on deposit in the Collection Accounts from time to time. 

Bankruptcy Code
means Title 11, United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq., as amended from time to time. 

Bankruptcy
Event is deemed to have occurred with respect to a Person if either: 

(a) 

a case or other proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of such Person, in any court,
seeking the liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of debts of such Person, the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the like for such
Person or all or substantially all of its assets, or any similar action with respect to such Person under the Bankruptcy Laws, and such case or proceeding shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 consecutive days; or
an order for relief in respect of such Person shall be entered in an involuntary case under the federal Bankruptcy Laws or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect; or 

(b) 

such Person shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding under any Bankruptcy Laws now or hereafter in
effect, or shall consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) for such Person or all or substantially all of its assets under the Bankruptcy
Laws, or shall make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail to, or admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts generally as they become due, or, if a corporation or similar entity, its board of directors or members
shall vote to implement any of the foregoing. 

-5- 

Bankruptcy Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable
liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments, or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally. 

Base Rate means, for any day, in any Interest Period with respect to any Advance, a rate of interest per annum equal to the
highest of (a) three-month Term SOFR, (b) the Prime Rate in effect on such day; and (c) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50% per annum. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in Term SOFR, the
Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective from and including the effective day of such change in Term SOFR, the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively. 

Base Rate Loan means any Advance which bears interest at or by reference to the Base Rate. 

Benchmark means, initially, Term SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to Term
SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to
Section 2.18. Any reference to Benchmark includes, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 

Benchmark Loan means any Advance which bears interest at or by reference to the Benchmark. 

Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order
below: 

(a) Daily Simple SOFR; or 

(b) if Daily Simple SOFR does not then exist or ceases to exist, then the Benchmark Replacement will be the sum of:
(a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Initial Lender and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the
Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated credit facilities and (b) the Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment (such rate, the Agreed-Upon Replacement); or 

(c) if the Initial Lender and the
Borrower, each acting reasonably, fail to agree on a replacement pursuant to the foregoing clause (b), the Base Rate; provided that, to the extent (1) Term SOFR, (2) Daily Simple SOFR or (3) the prior Agreed-Upon Replacement, if any,
becomes available again after being replaced in accordance with this definition (as determined by the Initial Lender), such benchmark shall then become the Benchmark Replacement (in order of the priority pursuant to clauses
(1) through (3) of this proviso); and provided, further, that, if the Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents. 

-6- 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement
of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Initial
Lender and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) 

in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) 

in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i)
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the effective date set by such public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 

(c) 

in the case of clause (d) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i)
the date determined by the Initial Lender in its sole discretion, (ii) the date of the public statement or publication of information related to the reporting of Term SOFR and (iii) the effective date set by such public statement or
publication of information related to the reporting of Term SOFR; or 

(d) 

in the case of clause (e) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date determined
by the Initial Lender in its sole discretion. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date
will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) 

a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

-7- 

(b) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof),
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component
thereof), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(c) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative; 

(d) 

the Initial Lender determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that reporting of Term SOFR has ceased or
will cease, or is no longer representative; or 

(e) 

a Lender is not permitted to fund an Advance at the Benchmark (and such Lender shall not have subsequently
notified the Calculation Agent that the circumstances giving rise to such situation no longer exist). 

For the avoidance
of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Blocked Account Control Agreement means
the Blocked Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Account Bank and the Administrative Agent, establishing and governing the
Collection Accounts, the Custody Accounts and the Expense Reserve Account and which permits, among other things, the Administrative Agent (as directed by the Majority Lenders) on behalf of the Secured Parties to direct disposition of the funds,
securities and other assets in such Collection Accounts, Custody Accounts and Expense Reserve Account, as such agreement may be amended, restated, modified, replaced or otherwise supplemented from time to time. 

Borrowed Money Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the kind described in clause (a) of the definition of
Indebtedness. 

Borrower has the meaning assigned to that term in the preamble hereto. 

Borrower AML and International Trade Default means, with respect to the Borrower, any one of the following events:
(a) any representation contained Section 4.01(bb) is or becomes false at any time; or (b) the Borrower fails to comply with the covenant contained in Section 11.19(d)(ii) at any time. 

-8- 

Borrower Covered Entity means each of (a) the Borrower and its
subsidiaries, any guarantors or pledgors of collateral under this Agreement or any transaction document relating to the Portfolio Assets and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in
clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (i) ownership of, or power to vote, 25% or more of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests having ordinary voting
power for the election of directors or managers, as applicable, of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person or (ii) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by
ownership of Equity Interests, contract or otherwise. 

Borrower Taxes means any Taxes imposed on the Borrower with
respect to its operations but, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any imputed underpayment assessed under Section 6225 of the Code or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign law, or any penalties or interest
assessed in connection with any such amount. 

Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, as calculated by
the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the amount equal to the aggregate Outstanding Underlying Adjusted Loan Balances of all Eligible Portfolio Assets plus the Principal Collections, in each case, as of such date. 

Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate setting forth the calculation of the Borrowing Base as of the applicable
date of determination, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, prepared by the Borrower. 

British Pounds means,
and the conventional signifies, the lawful money of the United Kingdom. 

Business Day means a day
of the year other than (a) Saturday or a Sunday or (b) any other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York, or the offices of the Account Bank, Collateral Custodian or Administrative Agent (initially being Wilmington, Delaware)
are authorized or required by Applicable Law, regulation or executive order to close; provided that, if any determination of a Business Day shall relate to an Advance bearing interest at Term SOFR, the term Business Day shall also be a U.S.
Government Securities Business Day. 

Calculation Agent means Barings Finance LLC (as successor to Massachusetts Mutual
Life Insurance Company), not in its individual capacity, in its capacity as servicer of the Advances, the other Obligations, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, together with its successors and permitted assigns, including any
successor appointed pursuant to Article VIII. 

Calculation Agent Fee Letter means, if applicable, any fee letter
or letters between the Calculation Agent and the Borrower entered on, prior to or after the Closing Date. 

Calculation Agent
Fees means the fees set forth in the Calculation Agent Fee Letter that are payable to the Calculation Agent. 

Canadian
Dollars means, and the conventional CAD signifies, the lawful money of Canada. 

-9- 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the
following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty; (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority; or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for
International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a
Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Change of Control is deemed to have
occurred if (a) Holdings (or any successor by merger or other
business combination that is managed or advised by Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C. or an affiliate thereof, provided that the Initial Lender received written notice of any such successor at least thirty (30) days in advance
of such change) fails to own directly 100% of the membership interests of the Borrower or (b) Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C. or an affiliate thereof fails to serve as
the investment adviser of Holdings. 

Closing Date means the date of this Agreement. 

Closing Date Participation means each Initial Portfolio Asset that consists of a loan participation interest until elevated
by assignment. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.09(a). 

Collateral Custodian means Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but in its capacity as
collateral custodian for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, together with its successors and permitted assigns, including any successor appointed pursuant to Article IX. 

Collateral Custodian Fee Letter means, if applicable, any fee letter or letters between the Collateral Custodian and the
Borrower entered on or prior to the Closing Date as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Collateral Custodian Fees means the fees set forth in the Collateral Custodian Fee Letter that are payable to the
Collateral Custodian. 

Collateral Custodian Termination Expenses has the meaning assigned to that term in Section
9.05. 

Collateral Custodian Termination Notice has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 9.05. 

-10- 

Collection Accounts means, collectively, each of the Principal Collection
Accounts and the Interest Collection Accounts established with the Account Bank in the name of the Borrower into which Collections shall be deposited in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and subject to the Account Control Agreement
specified on Schedule V hereto and under the control (within the meaning of Section 9-104 or 9-106 of the UCC, as applicable) of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; provided that, subject to the
rights of the Administrative Agent hereunder with respect to funds, the funds deposited therein from time to time shall constitute the property and assets of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall be solely liable for any Taxes payable with respect to
the Collection Accounts and each subaccount that may be established from time to time. 

Collections means Current
Income Collections and Principal Collections. 

Commitment means, with respect to any Lender, (a) during the
Revolving Period (i) with respect to the Initial Lender, the Maximum Facility Amount as such amount may be reallocated pursuant to Section 2.04(b), reduced pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement or
Section 2.04(e) or increased pursuant to Section 2.15 and (ii) with respect to any other Lender, the amount set forth as such Lenders Commitment on the Assignment and Assumption Agreement relating to
such Lender or increased pursuant to Section 2.15 and (b) after the end of the Revolving Period, such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the aggregate Advances Outstanding on the last day of the Revolving Period. 

Commitment Fee Letter means that certain amended and restated commitment fee letter by and among the Calculation Agent and
the Borrower, dated on or prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Competitor means each of the Persons listed on Schedule IV and their respective Affiliates; provided that, if an
Event of Default specified in clauses (a), (b), (d), (e) or (g) of Section 6.01 has occurred and is continuing, there shall be deemed to be no Competitors for the purposes of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration,
adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, the definition of Interest Period, or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of
borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of increased costs and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Initial Lender decides
(in consultation with the Borrower) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Initial Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or,
if the Initial Lender decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Initial Lender determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of
administration as the Initial Lender decides (in consultation with the Borrower) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. 

-11- 

Counterparty Lender means, with respect to any Loan Asset that is a loan
participation interest, the lender party to the related Loan Agreement and the related Participation Agreement. 

Cure
Contributions has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.17(d). 

Current Income
Collections means all collections, cash Proceeds and all other amounts received in respect of any Loan Asset or Portfolio Asset and all other proceeds or other funds of any kind or nature received by the Borrower or the Account Bank with
respect to any Underlying Collateral, in each case excluding Principal Collections. 

Custody Account means an account
established with the Account Bank pursuant to the applicable Account Control Agreement specified on Schedule V hereto in the name of the Borrower and into which securities and other assets of the Borrower shall be credited, and under the
control (within the meaning of Section 9-104 or Section 9-106 of the UCC, as applicable) of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

Cut-Off Date means, with respect to a Loan Asset, the date (which may be the Closing Date) such Loan Asset is Transferred
to the Borrower. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a
lookback) being established by the Initial Lender in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided
that if the Initial Lender decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Initial Lender, then the Initial Lender may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a
change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Declaration of Trust means the Third Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust, dated January 24, 2022, by and among
the Board of Trustees for Holdings and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Delaware trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time..

Default Rate means, as of any date of determination, a rate per annum equal to the interest rate that is or would be
applicable to the Advances at such time plus 2.0%. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b),
any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Advances within two (2) Business Days of the date such Advances were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and
Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in
such writing) has not been satisfied or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified Borrower or the
Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund an
Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such 

-12- 

writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days
after written request by the Administrative Agent or Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be
a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a
proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or
assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition
of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the
United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any
determination by the Borrower or the Majority Lenders that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be
deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent and each Lender. 

Delayed Draw means, with respect to any Delayed Draw Portfolio Asset, the Borrowers contractual obligation to provide
funding with respect to such Delayed Draw Portfolio Asset after the Cut-Off Date for such Delayed Draw Portfolio Asset. 

Delayed
Draw Portfolio Asset means a Loan Asset that requires the Borrower to provide additional funding thereunder after the Cut-Off Date for such Loan Asset. 

Determination Date
means, (i) for any Payment Date (other than an Inter-Period
Payment Date) or Reporting Date, the date that is (i) the second Business Day of the month in
which such Payment Date or Reporting Date occurs, as applicable
orand (ii) for any Inter-Period Payment Date, the date that is three (3) Business Days prior to any Inter-Period Payment
Date; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the calculations of the Benchmark or Base Rate
applicable to the Advances for the purposes of Section 2.05(a), such calculations shall (subject to Section 2.18) apply as of each Scheduled Payment Date and shall not take effect on any Inter-Period Payment Date. 

Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender or any of its Affiliates,
(b) any Person managed by a Lender or any of its Affiliates or (c) any financial or other institution reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders that at the time it becomes a Lender is
a Qualified Purchaser, in each case, other than the Borrower or an Affiliate thereof. 

Eligible Currency means British
Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Euros, Australian Dollars and U.S. Dollars. 

-13- 

Eligible Portfolio Asset means (1) each Initial Portfolio Asset and
(2) a Loan Asset (other than the Initial Portfolio Assets) that, at the time of Transfer to the Borrower, unless otherwise approved by the Initial Lender and subject to the last paragraph of this definition: 

(a) is a Senior Loan, Junior Loan, Asset Based Loan, Recurring Revenue Loan, or Senior Note; provided that the par amount of Eligible
Portfolio Assets constituting Junior Loans or Recurring Revenue Loans may not exceed 15% of the greater of (i) the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) Total Portfolio Value, and the par amount of Eligible Portfolio Assets constituting Asset
Based Loans may not exceed 15% of the greater of (i) the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) Total Portfolio Value; 

(b) the Obligor
of which is domiciled in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, a European Union country, Australia or any other country approved by the Calculation Agent; provided that the par amount of Loan Assets to non-US Obligors may not exceed
20% of the greater of (i) the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) Total Portfolio Value; 

(c) other than with respect to Recurring
Revenue Loans and Asset Based Loans, (i) with respect to Loan Assets other than Junior Loans, the Obligor of which has EBITDA of no less than $10,000,000 for the last twelve-month (LTM) period then ended for which financial
statements have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) under the related Loan Agreement; provided that the par amount of Loan Assets to Obligors with EBITDA of $10,000,000 to $20,000,000 shall not exceed 10% of the greater of
(A) the Maximum Facility Amount and (B) Total Portfolio Value; and (ii) with respect to Loan Assets constituting Junior Loans, the Obligor of which has EBITDA of not less than $50,000,000 for the last LTM period then ended for which
financial statements have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) under the related Loan Agreement; 

(d) other than with
respect to Recurring Revenue Loans and Asset Based Loans, the Obligor of which has a total net debt / LTM EBITDA ratio of less than 7.0x; 

(e) that has a par amount equal to or less than 5.0% of the greater of (i) the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) Total Portfolio
Value; provided that up to 3 Loan Assets may each individually comprise up to 7.5% of such higher figure; 

(f) (i) no more than 20%
of the par amount of the Eligible Portfolio Assets are in any one industry or sector and (ii) no more than 15% of the par amount of the Eligible Portfolio Assets are in companies owned by the same general partner or sponsor; 

(g) is denominated and payable only in an Eligible Currency; provided that the par amount of Loan Assets denominated in currencies other
than U.S. Dollars may not exceed 10% of the greater of (i) the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) the Total Portfolio Value; 

(h) the
Underlying Agreement or Participation Agreement relating thereto is governed by the laws of a State, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia or any country in the European Union and the related Underlying Collateral is materially located in the United
States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia or any other country in the European Union; 

(i) no Underlying Obligor Default has occurred
and is continuing thereunder; 

(j) there are no proceedings pending or, to the Borrowers knowledge, threatened (i) with respect
to a Bankruptcy Event with respect to any applicable Obligor or (ii) wherein any applicable Obligor, any other party or any governmental entity has alleged that such Portfolio Asset or its related Loan Agreement or any of its Required Loan
Documents is illegal or unenforceable; 

-14- 

(k) if such Loan Asset is a loan participation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of all Loan Assets that are loan participations (other than Closing Date Participations until 90 days after the Closing Date) shall not exceed more than 10% of the greater of (A) the Maximum Facility Amount and (B) the Total Portfolio
Value; 

(l) is assignable (or the Participation Agreement with respect thereto, if any, is assignable) to the Administrative Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, as Collateral as provided hereunder; 

(m) is not subject to any Liens other than Permitted Liens; and 

(n) is consistent with the investment strategy, applicable guidelines and limits of the Fund. 

With respect to each percentage limitation set forth in this definition, only the portion of the value of each applicable Loan Asset that
(together with other such Loan Assets, if applicable) exceeds such percentage limitation shall not constitute an Eligible Portfolio Asset. If the portion of the value of any Loan Asset that is limited by more than one such percentage limitation, the
portion of the value of such Loan Asset that constitutes an Eligible Portfolio Asset shall be determined by reference to the percentage limitation that results in the lowest portion of the value of such Loan Asset constituting an Eligible Portfolio
Asset. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, at any time following the Transfer to the Borrower, any Loan Asset (including any
Initial Portfolio Asset) that ceases to satisfy clauses (i) and (j) (and with respect to such subclause (j)(ii), as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) or (m), in each case, shall
cease to be an Eligible Portfolio Asset until each such clause is satisfied, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Majority Lenders. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the first six months following the Closing Date, all concentration limits specified above in clauses (a),
(c), (b), (e), (f), (g), and (k) of this definition shall be measured as a percentage based on the highest of (i) $200 million, (ii) the Maximum Facility Amount and (iii) the Total Portfolio Value as of such determination date.

Environmental Laws means any and all foreign, federal, State and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations,
permits, licenses, approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities, relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including, but not limited to, requirements pertaining to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transportation, handling, reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation or remediation of Hazardous Materials. 

Equity Interest means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, shares, membership interests in a limited liability
company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. 

Equityholder means the Fund in its capacity as the direct or indirect owner of the membership interests in the Borrower.

ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 

-15- 

ERISA Affiliate means (a) any corporation that is a member of the
same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code) as a specified Person, (b) a trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the
Code) with such Person, (c) a member of the same affiliated service group (within the meaning of Section 414(m) of the Code) as such Person, any corporation described in clause (a) above or any trade or business described in
clause (b) above or (d) a member of the same group of related business entities under Section 414(o) of the Code as such Person, any corporation described in clause (a) above, any trade or business described in
clause (b) above or any member of any affiliated service group described in clause (c) above. 

Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.13(a). 

Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.13(d). 

Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.13(d). 

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.13(d). 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.13(d). 

Escrow Payment means any amount received by the Portfolio Asset Servicer for the account of an Obligor for application
toward the payment of Taxes, insurance premiums, assessments, ground rents, deferred maintenance, environmental remediation, rehabilitation costs, capital expenditures and similar items in respect of an applicable Portfolio Asset. 

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 6.01. 

Excepted Persons has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 11.11(a). 

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Excluded Amounts means, without duplication, (a) any amount received in the Collection Accounts with
respect to any Portfolio Asset included as part of the Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any Tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Governmental Authority on such Portfolio Asset or on any Underlying Collateral and
(b) any amount received in the Collection Accounts representing (i) any Escrow Payments, (ii) any amounts received on or with respect to a Portfolio Asset that is not a loan participation interest under any Insurance Policy that is
required to be used to restore, improve or repair the related real estate or other assets of such Portfolio Asset or required to be paid to any Obligor under the Loan Agreement for such Portfolio Asset, (iii) any amount received in the
Collection Accounts with respect to any Portfolio Asset that is otherwise replaced by a Substitute Eligible Portfolio Asset, or that is otherwise Sold by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.10, to the extent such amount is attributable to
a time after the effective date of such Sale or Substitution and (iv) amounts deposited in the Collection Accounts which were not required to be deposited therein. 

-16- 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with
respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient under any Transaction Document: (a) any income or franchise Taxes imposed on (or measured by) net income (however denominated) and any branch profits
Taxes, in each case imposed by (i) the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Recipient is organized or in which such Recipients principal office is located or in which such Recipients
applicable lending office is located or (ii) a jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) as the result of any other present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections
arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any
Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any loan or Commitment made pursuant to this Agreement); (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with
respect to an applicable interest in a loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request pursuant to
Section 2.16 (b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.13, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor
immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.13(e), (f) or
(g); and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Expense Reserve Account means an account
established with the Account Bank pursuant to the applicable Account Control Agreement specified on Schedule V hereto in the name of the Borrower and into which the Reserved Expenses shall be deposited in accordance with
Section 2.08(a)(i) or Section 2.08(a)(ii), as applicable, and under the control (within the meaning of Section 9-104 or Section 9-106 of the UCC, as applicable) of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties. 

Facility Termination Date means the date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
Advances have been repaid in full and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all Fees and all other Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and other obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, in each case,
not then due and owing) have been paid in full, the Commitments of the Lenders hereunder have been terminated and the Borrower has no further right to request any additional Advances. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as in effect on the date hereof (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the
Code as of the date hereof (or any amended or successor version described above) and any intergovernmental agreements, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities (or related rules, legislation or official administrative guidance)
implementing such provisions of the Code or any non-U.S. laws implementing the foregoing. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate
means, for any day, the greater of (a) the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days Federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such a manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York shall set forth in its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the Federal funds effective rate and (b) 0%; provided that if no such rate is so
published on the next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be the average of quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Initial Lender from three (3) federal funds brokers of recognized standing
selected by it. 

-17- 

Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Fee Letters means the
Administrative Agent Fee Letter, the Collateral Custodian Fee Letter, the Calculation Agent Fee Letter, the Commitment Fee Letter and each fee letter agreement entered into by and among the Borrower and any of the Administrative Agent, the
Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian and any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Fees means the fees payable to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian, any Lender or any
other applicable agent or party pursuant to the terms of the Fee Letters or the other Transaction Documents. 

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to 0%. 

First Amendment Effective Date means May 11, 2023. 

First Lien Last Out Loan means a senior secured loan that, prior to a default with respect to such loan, is entitled to
receive payments pari passu with, and is secured on a pari passu basis with, Other Senior Loans, but either (a) following a default becomes fully subordinated to the Other Senior Loans and is not entitled to any payments until
such Other Senior Loans are paid in full or (b) is entitled to payments with the proceeds of collateral as a result of enforcement actions only after such Other Senior Loans have been paid in full. 

Fund means Carlyle
Secured Lending III, a Delaware statutory trust (or any successor by merger or other business combination that is managed or advised by Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C. or an affiliate thereof; provided
that, (i) the Initial Lender received written notice of any such successor at least thirty (30) days in advance of such change and (ii) such successor is and was not insolvent or subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings at
any time during or prior to such change)

Fourth Amendment Effective Date means March 27, 2025.

Fund
means Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. , a Maryland corporation. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States. 

Governmental Authority means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any state or other political
subdivision thereof or any entity, authority, agency, division or department exercising the executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to a government and any court or arbitrator
having jurisdiction over such Person (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including
the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 

-18- 

Hazardous Materials means all materials subject to any Environmental Law,
including materials listed in 49 C.F.R. 172.010, materials defined as hazardous pursuant to 101(14) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, flammable, explosive or radioactive
materials, hazardous or toxic wastes or substances, lead-based materials, petroleum or petroleum distillates or asbestos or material containing asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, urea formaldehyde and any substances classified as being
in inventory, usable work in process or similar classification that would, if classified as unusable, be included in the foregoing definition. 

Holding Company Loan means any loan (or participation thereof) that is an obligation only of one or more holding companies
not owning material operating assets, the source of funds for the repayment of which is anticipated to be dividends from operating Subsidiaries of the Obligor thereunder, and that is not guaranteed by such operating Subsidiaries. 

Holdings has the meaning assigned to that term in the preamble hereto. 

Holdings AML and International Trade Default means any one of the following events: (a) that any representation
contained in Section 4.06(m) is or becomes false at any time; or (b) in the case of the Borrower, fails to comply with the covenant contained in Section 11.19(d)(ii) in any material respect at any time. 

Holdings Covered Entity means each of (a) Holdings and its subsidiaries, any guarantors or pledgors of collateral
under this Agreement or any Transaction Document relating to the Portfolio Assets, and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition,
control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (i) ownership of, or power to vote, 25% or more of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or managers, as applicable, of such
Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person or (ii) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of Equity Interests, contract or otherwise. 

Incremental Commitment has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.15(a). 

Incremental Lender has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.15(b). 

Indebtedness means with respect to any Person at any date, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or
for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary trade practices) or that is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar
instrument or other evidence of indebtedness customary for indebtedness of that type, (b) all liabilities secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person even though such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for the
payment thereof, (c) all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of that Person in respect of derivatives and (d) all obligations under guaranties in respect of obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or to
otherwise assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (c) above. 

Indemnified Amounts has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 10.01(a). 

Indemnified Party has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 10.01(a). 

-19- 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes,
imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Independent Director means Stephen E. Hall, an individual, and/or any other Person holding the Independent Manager position
as provided for in the Borrowers limited liability company agreement. 

Indorsement has the meaning specified in
Section 8-102(a)(11) of the UCC, and Indorsed has a corresponding meaning. 

Information has the
meaning assigned to that term in Section 11.11(e). 

Initial Advance means the first Advance made to the
Borrower pursuant to Article II. 

Initial Advance Date means the date of funding of the Initial Advance. 

Initial Lender means (a) so long as it holds a Commitment or any portion of an Advance, Massachusetts Mutual Life
Insurance Company and (b) otherwise, the Majority Lenders. 

Initial Portfolio Asset means the Loan Assets set
forth on Schedule I on the Closing Date. 

Insurance Policy means, with respect to any Portfolio Asset, an
insurance policy covering liability and physical damage to, or loss of, the Underlying Collateral for such Portfolio Asset. 

Insurance Proceeds means any amounts received on or with respect to a Portfolio Asset under any Insurance Policy or with
respect to any condemnation proceeding or award in lieu of condemnation. 

Interest Collection Accounts means,
collectively, the Interest Collection Accounts, established with the Account Bank in the name of the Borrower into which Current Income Collections shall be deposited in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and subject to an Account Control
Agreement specified on Schedule V hereto and under the control (within the meaning of Section 9-104 or 9-106 of the UCC, as applicable) of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; provided that,
subject to the rights of the Administrative Agent hereunder with respect to funds, the funds deposited therein from time to time shall constitute the property and assets of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall be solely liable for any Taxes payable
with respect to the Interest Collection Accounts and each subaccount that may be established from time to time. 

Interest
Period means, with respect to any Advance, as determined by the Calculation Agent, (a) initially, the period commencing on the Advance Date with respect to such Advance to but excluding the immediately following Determination Date and
(b) thereafter, each successive period from and including each Determination Date to but excluding the following Determination Date; provided that, if an Interest Period would extend beyond the Stated Maturity Date, then such Interest
Period shall end on the Stated Maturity Date. 

Inter-Period Payment Date has the meaning assigned to that term in the
definition of Payment Date. 

-20- 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Junior Loan means a loan (including any term loan, delayed draw term loan or revolving loan or participation thereof, but
excluding any Holding Company Loan or Asset Based Loan), note, convertible note or debenture that is not a Senior Loan or Senior Note. 

KBRA means Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC. 

Lender means collectively, the Initial Lender and any other Person to whom any Lender assigns any part of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms of Section 11.04 and any other party that becomes a lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 

Lender Covered Entity means (a) Lender and its subsidiaries and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is
in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (i) ownership of, or power to vote, 25% or more of the issued and outstanding Equity
Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person or (ii) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person
whether by ownership of Equity Interests, contract or otherwise. 

Lien means any mortgage or deed of trust, pledge,
hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, claim, preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature
whatsoever (including any conditional sale, lease or other title retention agreement, sale subject to a repurchase obligation, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially
the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), or the filing of or financing statement perfecting a security interest under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction. 

Liquidity Agreement has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 11.04(b). 

Loan Agreement means the loan agreement, credit agreement, note purchase agreement or other agreement pursuant to which a
Portfolio Asset or an Underlying Loan Obligation of a Portfolio Asset, as applicable, has been issued or created and each other agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Portfolio Asset or Underlying Loan
Obligation or of which the holders of such Portfolio Asset are the beneficiaries, including any co-lender or servicing agreement entered into by an applicable Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent. 

Loan Asset means any debt interest or debt participation interest in the debt obligations of any applicable Obligor owned
by the Borrower as set forth on the Loan Asset Schedule which debt interest or debt participation interest includes (a) the Loan Asset File therefor and (b) all right, title and interest in and to (i) such debt interest, the related
Loan Agreement and any Underlying Collateral or (ii) such debt participation interest, the related Participation Agreement and, subject to the terms thereof, the related Loan Agreement and any Underlying Collateral. 

-21- 

Loan Asset Checklist means, with respect to each Loan Asset, an
electronic or hard copy, as applicable, of a checklist substantially in the form of Exhibit C delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Calculation Agent and Initial Lender). 

Loan Asset File means, with respect to each Portfolio Asset, a file containing each of the agreements, instruments,
certificates, notes and other documents and items set forth on the Loan Asset Checklist with respect to such Portfolio Asset. 

Loan Asset Schedule means (a) a schedule of the Portfolio Assets and setting forth for each such Portfolio Asset
(i) the Portfolio Asset number for such Portfolio Asset, (ii) the Obligors for such Portfolio Asset, (iii) the current principal balance of (A) such Portfolio Asset and (B) the Underlying Loan Obligation for such Portfolio
Asset, as applicable, (iv) the Loan Agreement and Participation Agreement for such Portfolio Asset, as applicable, (v) whether such Portfolio Asset is an Eligible Portfolio Asset and if such Eligible Portfolio Asset is a Senior Loan,
Junior Loan, Asset Based Loan, Recurring Revenue Loan, or Senior Note, and (vi) the other information specified for a Portfolio Asset as set forth on Schedule I, as delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Custodian and as updated from time to time as provided herein (the Loan Asset Schedule being deemed modified and delivered by the delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate) or (b) a collateral report, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of Majority Lenders) containing the information described in clauses (a)(i) through (a)(vi) above. 

LTV means, as of any date of determination, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (a) the aggregate amount of
Advances Outstanding as of such date to (b) the most recent Total Portfolio Value as of such date. 

Majority
Lenders means the Lenders representing an aggregate of more than 50% of the aggregate Commitments. The Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Majority Lenders at any time. 

Make-Whole Amount means, as of any date of determination, (i) in connection with any voluntary termination in full of
the Commitments hereunder, an amount equal to the present value of the amount of interest that would have accrued under this Agreement if the Advances Outstanding were equal to the MWA Minimum Usage Amount commencing twelve (12) months after
the Closing Date (prior to giving effect to such termination) for the period from the date of such termination until the last day of the Revolving Period and (ii) in connection with any voluntary reduction in part of the Commitments hereunder,
an amount equal to the MWA Percentage of the present value of the amount of interest that would have accrued under this Agreement if the Advances Outstanding were equal to the Minimum Usage Amount commencing twelve (12) months after the Closing
Date for the period from the date of such reduction until the last day of the Revolving Period, in each case, determined by the Calculation Agent based on a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate (defined below) plus 0.50% per annum. 

Discounted values calculated pursuant to this definition will be made in accordance with accepted financial practice. For purpose of this
definition, Treasury Rate means the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity at the time of computation of the United States Treasury securities with a maturity of three years as compiled and published in the most recent
Federal Reserve Statistical Release H 15 (519) that has become publicly available at least two Business Days prior to such time (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data).The
Treasury Rate will be determined in good faith by the Initial Lender. 

-22- 

Market Trigger Event means, as at any date of determination, (i) any
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) LTV as of such date exceeds the Applicable LTV Trigger or (iii) any Determination Date that occurs on or after twelve months prior to the Stated Maturity Date. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition, operations,
liabilities (actual or contingent), performance or properties of the Borrower, (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the validity or enforceability of the Portfolio Assets generally or any
material portion of the Portfolio Assets, (c) the rights and remedies of the Collateral Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Secured Parties with respect to matters arising under this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document, (d) the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (e) the existence, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Administrative
Agents or the other Secured Parties Lien on the Collateral; provided that, there shall be no Material Adverse Effect to the Borrower to the extent such Material Adverse Effect arises from the action (or inaction) of the
Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent or a Lender. 

Material Modification means any
amendment or waiver of, or modification or supplement to, or termination, cancellation or release of, a Loan Agreement for a Portfolio Asset or for the Underlying Loan Obligation for a Portfolio Asset, as applicable, executed or effected on or after
the applicable Cut-Off Date that: 

(a) forgives, excuses, reduces, waives or modifies such Loan Agreement or the related loan documents in
a manner which would reduce the outstanding principal amount of the amount due thereunder, reduce the interest rate by greater than 0.50%, calculated on an aggregate basis after the applicable Cut-Off Date, or reduce the amount of any prepayment
premium or fees payable thereunder; 

(b) extends the scheduled date for payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under
such Loan Agreement or the related loan documents beyond six months from the original scheduled date for each Loan Asset; 

(c) extends the
scheduled date of expiration or termination of any commitment to make Delayed Draws with respect to such Loan Asset; 

(d) increases the
Borrowers commitment to make Delayed Draws with respect to such Loan Asset; 

(e) releases any Obligor from its obligations under such
Loan Agreement or the related loan documents or permit an Obligor to assign or transfer its rights and obligations under such Loan Agreement or the related loan documents (other than as expressly contemplated by such loan documents); 

-23- 

(f) releases any material collateral for such Loan Asset other than as set forth in such
Loan Agreement or the related loan documents; 

(g) alters any provision requiring the pro rata treatment of like obligations, or setting
forth the order or priority of payments, in a manner that affects such Loan Asset or commitment in a manner that adversely impacts the holders thereof; or 

(h) if such Loan Asset is an Asset Based Loan, results in such Loan Asset failing to satisfy clause (a) of the definition of Asset
Based Loan, and if such Loan Asset is a Senior Loan, results in such Loan Asset failing to satisfy clause (a) of the definition of Senior Loan. 

Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the Stated Maturity Date, and (b) the date the Advances are
accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. 

Maximum Availability means, at any time, the lesser of the
(a) the Maximum Facility Amount at such time and (b) the Borrowing Base at such time. 

Maximum Facility
Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders at such time, as may be decreased in accordance with Section 2.04 or increased in accordance with Section 2.15. The Maximum
Facility Amount (i) on the Closing Date is $150,000,000 and (ii) on the Second Amendment Effective Date is $250,000,000. 

Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.05(h). 

Minimum Usage Amount means, an amount equal to (A) (x) for the period from the Closing Date until the date that
is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date, 0% of the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date, and (y) thereafter, 70% of the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date, in each case disregarding any increases of the Maximum Facility Amount
in accordance with Section 2.15, plus (B) if the Borrower increases the Maximum Facility Amount in accordance with Section 2.15, (x) for the period from the applicable Incremental Commitment Effective Date until the date that is
twelve (12) months after such Incremental Commitment Effective Date, 40% of the Maximum Facility Amount attributable to such increase, and (y) thereafter, 70% of the Maximum Facility Amount attributable to such increase. 

MWA Minimum Usage Amount means, an amount equal to (A) for the period from the Closing Date until the date that is
twelve (12) months after the Closing Date, 0% of the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date, and (B) thereafter, 70% of the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date; provided that if the Borrower increases the Maximum Facility Amount in
accordance with Section 2.15, upon such increase, (x) for the period from the applicable Incremental Commitment Effective Date until the date that is twelve (12) months after such Incremental Commitment Effective Date, 40% of
the Maximum Facility Amount attributable to such increase shall be included in the MWA Minimum Usage Amount and (y) thereafter, 70% of the Maximum Facility Amount attributable to such increase shall be included in the MWA Minimum Usage Amount.

MWA Percentage means, with respect to any permanent reduction of the Commitments, the ratio (expressed as a
percentage) of (i) the difference of (x) the MWA Minimum Usage Amount immediately prior to such reduction minus (y) the MWA Minimum Usage Amount immediately after such reduction, to (ii) the Minimum Usage Amount. 

-24- 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of the Borrower contributed or had any obligation to contribute on behalf of its employees at any time during the current year or the preceding five years. 

NAIC means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Non-Exempt Person means any Person other than a Person who is (or, in the case of a Person that is a disregarded entity,
whose owner is) either (a) a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or (b) has provided to the Calculation Agent for the relevant year such duly executed form(s) or statement(s) which
may, from time to time, be prescribed by law and which pursuant to applicable provisions of (i) any income tax treaty between the United States and the country of residence of such Person, (ii) the Code and any successor statute or
(iii) any applicable rules or regulations in effect under clauses (i) or (ii) above, permit the Calculation Agent to make any payments free of any obligation or liability for withholding. 

Notice of Borrowing means a written notice of borrowing from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, Calculation Agent
and the Initial Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit B. 

Notice of Exclusive Control means, with respect
to the Operating Account, the notice required under the Account Control Agreement for the Administrative Agent to give instructions to the Account Bank with respect to such Operating Account. 

Obligations means all present and future indebtedness and other liabilities and obligations (howsoever created, arising or
evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due) of the Borrower to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian or any other Secured Party arising under this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document and shall include all liability for principal of and interest on the Advances, Fees, indemnifications and other amounts due or to become due by the Borrower to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Calculation
Agent, the Collateral Custodian and any other Secured Party under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including any Fee Letter and reasonable and documented costs and expenses payable by the Borrower to the Lenders, the Administrative
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian or any other Secured Party, including reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses, including interest, fees and other obligations that accrue after the commencement of an insolvency
proceeding (in each case whether or not allowed as a claim in such insolvency proceeding). 

Obligor means,
collectively, each Person obligated to make payments under a Loan Agreement, including any guarantor thereof. 

-25- 

Operating Account means the Account established with the Account Bank in
the name of the Borrower into which the proceeds of each Advance, contributions from Holdings and certain amounts directed by the Borrower, in each case, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deposited in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement and subject to an Account Control Agreement specified on Schedule V hereto under the control (within the meaning of Section 9-104 or 9-106 of the UCC, as applicable) of the Administrative Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties; provided that, subject to the rights of the Administrative Agent hereunder, the funds deposited therein from time to time shall constitute the property and assets of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall be
solely liable for any Taxes payable with respect to any Operating Account and each subaccount that may be established from time to time. 

Other Senior Loans means, with respect to any Asset Based Loan, other senior secured loans of the same Obligor. 

Other Taxes has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 11.07(b). 

Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any time for any Loan Asset, the outstanding principal amount of such Loan Asset at
such time, including any Delayed Draw for such Portfolio Asset that has been funded at such time; provided, that if any Loan Asset is denominated in an Eligible Currency other than U.S. Dollars, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Loan
Asset shall be the equivalent in U.S. Dollars as determined by the Borrower using the Applicable Exchange Rate. 

Outstanding
Underlying Adjusted Loan Balance means, for any Eligible Portfolio Asset for any date of determination, an amount equal to the applicable Advance Rate for such Eligible Portfolio Asset multiplied by the Outstanding Principal Balance of
such Eligible Portfolio Asset (or, in the case of any Eligible Portfolio Asset with respect to which an Underlying Obligor Default is continuing, 50% of such Outstanding Principal Balance) at such time. 

Participant has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 11.04(d). 

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.03(c). 

Participation Agreement means, for any Portfolio Asset that consists of a loan participation interest, the participation
agreement or other agreement pursuant to which the Borrower participates in the Underlying Loan Obligation for such Portfolio Asset in a form customarily provided by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association, or in a form reasonably agreed to by
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) on or prior to the Closing Date or Cut-Off Date for such Portfolio Asset, as the case may be. 

Payment Date means (a) with respect to any unscheduled inter-period payments made at the Borrowers option, any
date specified by the Borrower so long as no more than three (3) such Payment Dates per fiscal quarter (or such higher number agreed to by the Initial Lender) are declared pursuant to this clause (a) (such unscheduled payment date, an
Inter-Period Payment Date), (b) with respect to regularly scheduled payment dates, the 15th calendar day of January, April, July and October (commencing January 16, 2023) or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next
succeeding Business Day (such regularly scheduled payment date, a Scheduled Payment Date) and (c) the Maturity Date; provided that, the Borrower shall deliver written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Account
Bank and the Initial Lender at least three (3) Business Days prior to an Inter-Period Payment Date. 

-26- 

Payment Date Report means a report of the type described in
Section 8.08(b)(ii) and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H. 

Pension Plan has
the meaning assigned to that term in Section 4.01(s). 

Permitted Liens means any of the following:
(a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been
provided on the books of such Person; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in
the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of the applicable Person;
(c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Transaction Documents; (d) with respect to the Underlying Collateral for any Portfolio Asset, (i) Liens in favor of the lenders, lead agent, administrative agent, collateral agent or similar
agent for the benefit of all holders of indebtedness relating to such Portfolio Asset (or the Underlying Loan Obligation as applicable) and (ii) permitted liens as defined in the Loan Agreement for such Portfolio Asset or such comparable
definition or provision of permitted liens is not defined therein; (e) Liens routinely imposed on all securities or deposit accounts by the Account Bank, to the extent permitted under the Account Control Agreement; and
(f) Liens attaching to securities being purchased or sold of clearing agencies and broker-dealers, and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Liens (x) attach only to the securities being purchased
or sold and (y) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or sale and not any obligation in connection with margin financing. 

Person means an individual, limited partnership, partnership, corporation (including a statutory or business trust),
limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, sole proprietorship, joint venture, government (or any agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity. 

Pledged Equity has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.09(b). 

Portfolio Asset Assignment means an assignment, participation agreement or other agreement pursuant to which any Loan Asset
not originated by the Borrower is Transferred to the Borrower (a) in a form substantially based upon the form document for loan assignments of the Loan Syndications and Trading Association, (b) in a form substantially based upon the form
document for assignments required by the related Underlying Agreement or (c) in a form reasonably agreed to by such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) on or prior to the Closing Date or
Cut-Off Date for such Loan Asset, as the case may be. 

Portfolio Asset Servicer means Carlyle Secured Lending III (or any successor by merger or other business combination that is
managed or advised by Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C. or an affiliate thereof; provided that, the Initial Lender received written notice of any such successor at least thirty (30) days in advance of
such change), Inc., a Maryland corporation, as
servicer of the Portfolio Assets. 

-27- 

Portfolio Assets means all Loan Assets owned by the Borrower and all
right, title and interest of the Borrower in and to: 

(a) subject to the terms of any applicable Participation Agreement, any amounts on
deposit in any cash reserve, collection, custody or lockbox accounts securing the Loan Assets; 

(b) all rights with respect to the Loan
Assets to which the Borrower is entitled as lender under the applicable Loan Agreement or as a loan participant under the applicable Participation Agreement; 

(c) subject to the terms of any applicable Participation Agreement, any Underlying Collateral securing the Loan Assets and all Recoveries
related thereto, all payments paid in respect thereof and all monies due, to become due and paid in respect thereof, all net liquidation proceeds; 

(d) the Loan Asset Files related to the Loan Assets, any Records, and the documents, agreements, and instruments included in such Loan Asset
Files or Records; 

(e) subject to the terms of any applicable Participation Agreement, all Liens, guaranties, indemnities, warranties,
letters of credit, accounts, bank accounts and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure or support payment of the Loan Assets (or the Underlying Loan Obligations, as applicable), together with all UCC financing statements,
mortgages or similar filings signed or authorized by an Obligor relating thereto; 

(f) each Portfolio Asset Assignment with respect to the
Loan Assets (including any rights of the Borrower against the Transferor thereunder) and the assignment to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, of all UCC financing statements, if any, filed by the Borrower against the
Transferor under or in connection with such Portfolio Asset Assignment; 

(g) all Records (including computer records) with respect to the
foregoing; and 

(h) all Collections, income, payments, proceeds and other benefits of each of the foregoing. 

Prime Rate means, for any day, the rate of interest in effect for such day that is identified and normally published by The
Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate (or, if more than one rate is published as the Prime Rate, then the highest of such rates), with any change in Prime Rate to become effective as of the date the rate of interest which is so
identified as the Prime Rate is different from that published on the preceding Business Day. If The Wall Street Journal no longer reports the Prime Rate, or if the Prime Rate no longer exists, or if the Calculation Agent determines in
good faith that the rate so reported no longer accurately reflects an accurate determination of the prevailing Prime Rate, then the Calculation Agent may select a reasonably comparable index or source to use as the basis for the Prime Rate.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, the rate calculated pursuant to this definition shall not be less than 0%. 

Principal Collection Accounts means, collectively, the Principal Collection Accounts, established with the Account Bank in
the name of the Borrower into which Principal Collections shall be deposited in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and subject to an Account Control Agreement specified on Schedule V hereto and under the control (within the
meaning of Section 9-104 or 9-106 of the UCC, as applicable) of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; provided that, subject to the rights of the Administrative Agent hereunder with respect to funds, the funds
deposited therein from time to time shall constitute the property and assets of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall be solely liable for any Taxes payable with respect to the Principal Collection Accounts and each subaccount that may be established
from time to time. 

-28- 

Principal Collections means any cash Collections deposited in the
Collection Accounts in accordance with the terms hereof that are not Current Income Collections, including all Recoveries, all Insurance Proceeds or other proceeds of any liquidations or Sales of a Portfolio Asset and all Scheduled Payments of
principal, principal prepayments, guaranty payments or other payments that reduce the Outstanding Principal Balance of a Portfolio Asset. 

Pro Rata Share means, with respect to any Lender as of any date of determination, the ratio of such Lenders
Commitment to the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders as of such date. 

Proceeds means, with respect to the
Collateral, all property that is receivable or received when such Collateral is collected, sold, liquidated, foreclosed, exchanged, or otherwise disposed of, whether such disposition is voluntary or involuntary, and includes all rights to payment
with respect to any insurance relating to such Collateral. 

Proposed Payment Date Report has the meaning assigned to
that term in Section 8.08(b)(ii). 

Qualified Purchaser has the meaning assigned to that term in the 1940
Act. 

Rating Event means an event that shall have occurred if the Borrower has failed to obtain on the Closing Date or
thereafter maintain an investment grade rating (BBB- or higher, or the equivalent) from an Acceptable Rating Agency at any time or such rating is more than 364 days old; provided that the Borrower shall provide written notice to the
Administrative Agent and the Initial Lender upon the occurrence of the Rating Event and to the extent such Rating Event is subsequently cured. A Rating Event shall be deemed not to have occurred if the Borrower obtains, or its rating drops below, a
rating below BBB- (or the equivalent) from an Acceptable Rating Agency due to a change in the rating methodology of the Acceptable Rating Agency providing such rating, or caused by, directly, or indirectly, forces beyond the control of
the Borrower, including, without limitation, macroeconomic downturn, financial crisis, deterioration in national or global economic and business conditions generally, pandemics and epidemics, and interruptions. No Rating Event shall occur if an
Acceptable Rating Agency has confirmed in writing (which may take the form of a press release or other written communication, which may be in electronic form or any other form then considered industry standard) that it will not downgrade or withdraw
the then-current ratings of the Advances as a result of the action taken or to be taken which requires satisfaction of the Rating Event. 

Rating Event Cure means, as of any date of determination, any of the following has occurred: (a) the Borrower has obtained
an investment grade rating (BBB- or higher, or the equivalent) from an Acceptable Rating Agency, (b) the Rating Event no longer exists, or (c) the Initial Lender waives the Rating Event. No later than three (3) Business
Days prior to the date of a Rating Event Cure, the Borrower shall provide written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Initial Lender, unless a Rating Event Cure occurs as a result of a change in the Borrowers rating, in which
case the Borrower shall promptly provide written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Initial Lender. 

Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Lender, as applicable. 

-29- 

Records means all documents relating to the Portfolio Assets, including
books, records and other information executed in connection with the Transfer of and maintenance of the Portfolio Assets in the Collateral or maintained with respect to the Collateral and the related Obligors that the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset
Servicer has generated, or in which the Borrower has otherwise obtained an interest, including documents under which the Borrower has acquired an interest pursuant to a Portfolio Asset Assignment. 

Recoveries means, as of the time any Underlying Collateral for any Portfolio Asset is Sold, discarded or abandoned (after a
determination in good faith by the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent, as applicable, that such Underlying Collateral has little or no remaining value) or otherwise determined in good faith to be fully liquidated
by the Portfolio Asset Servicer or such Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent, the Proceeds from the Sale of such Underlying Collateral, the Insurance Proceeds of any related Insurance Policy or any other recoveries (including interest proceeds
recovered) with respect to such Underlying Collateral and amounts representing late fees and penalties, net of any amounts received that are required under the Loan Agreement for the applicable Portfolio Asset to be refunded to the related Obligor.

Recurring Revenue Loans means any Underlying Loan Obligation with respect to which the Obligors leverage as of
the Cut-Off Date, as determined by the Portfolio Asset Servicer, is based on recurring revenue. 

Register
has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.03(b). 

Registered means, with respect to any debt
obligation, a debt obligation that is in registered form for purposes of the Code. 

Related Parties means, with respect
to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Release Date has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10(d). 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Replacement Calculation Agent has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 8.01(e).

Reportable Compliance Event means any Lender Covered Entity, Borrower Covered Entity or Holdings Covered Entity becomes a
Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained in connection with any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws, or Anti-Money Laundering Laws or
any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws, or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 

Reportable
Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than an event for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 

-30- 

Reporting Date means the 12th calendar day of January, April, July and
October (commencing January 12, 2023); or if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day. 

Required
Loan Documents means, for each Portfolio Asset or Underlying Loan Obligation, as applicable, the following documents or instruments, all as specified on the related Loan Asset Checklist, to the extent applicable for such Portfolio Asset or
Underlying Loan Obligation: copies of the executed (a) guaranty (b) loan agreement, (c) note purchase agreement (d) security agreement and (e) promissory note, in each case as set forth on the Loan Asset Checklist (all of which,
except to the extent set forth in the proviso hereto, may be delivered electronically or posted on a website maintained by the Borrower); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if such Portfolio Asset is a Senior
Note, the original note together with the allonge affixed thereto must be physically delivered to the Collateral Custodian. 

Reserved Expenses has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(a)(i). 

Responsible Officer means any duly authorized officer of such Person with direct responsibility for the administration of
this Agreement and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other duly authorized officer of such Person to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject; provided,
that any Responsible Officer of the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall be deemed to be a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Restricted Junior Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution (including, without limitation, RIC Tax
Distributions), direct or indirect, on account of any class of equity interests of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend or other distribution paid solely in interests of that class of equity interests or in any junior class
of equity interests of the Borrower, (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any class of equity interests of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding or
(c) any payment made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire equity interests of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. 

Review Criteria has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 9.02(b)(i). 

Revolving Loan Note has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(a). 

Revolving Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date that is the
third anniversary of the Closing Date, as such date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.14 and (ii) the date the Commitments are terminated in accordance with this Agreement, whether as a result of an Event of Default, Market
Trigger Event or otherwise. 

RIC Tax Distribution means, so long as no Event of Default specified in clauses (a), (b),
(d), (e) or (g) of Section 6.01 has occurred and is continuing, any distribution made by the Borrower (i) to allow Holdings to pay any unpaid Taxes then due and owing resulting from the income of the Borrower claimed on the tax
reporting of Holdings and (ii) to the extent necessary to allow Holdings to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a regulated investment company under the Code and to otherwise minimize or eliminate federal or state income tax or excise
taxes payable by Holdings in or with respect to any taxable year of Holdings (or any calendar year, as relevant). 

-31- 

Sale has the meaning assigned to that term in
Section 2.10(a). 

Sanctioned Country means a country or territory subject to a comprehensive sanctions
program maintained by any applicable Governmental Authority pursuant to Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea region of Ukraine). 

Sanctioned Person means any individual person, group, regime, or entity listed or otherwise recognized as a specially
designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person, group, regime, or entity, or fully subject to restrictions or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or rejection of transactions), under any order or directive of
any applicable Governmental Authority or otherwise subject to, or specially designated under, any sanctions program maintained by any applicable Governmental Authority pursuant to Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions. 

Scheduled Payment means each scheduled distribution or payment of principal or interest required to be made by an Obligor
on a Portfolio Asset or Underlying Loan Obligation, as applicable, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the related Loan Agreement. 

Scheduled Payment Date has the meaning assigned to that term in the definition of Payment Date. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor thereto. 

Second Amendment Effective Date means March 29, 2024. 

Secured Party means each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender, the Calculation Agent (together with its permitted
successors and assigns), each other Indemnified Party, the Collateral Custodian and the Account Bank; provided that in any context requiring a Secured Party to give direction to the Administrative Agent, such reference to Secured Party shall
not include the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Custodian. 

Senior Loan means (a) a loan (including any
term loan, delayed draw term loan, or revolving loan, or a participation thereof, but excluding any Holding Company Loan, First Lien Last Out Loan or Asset Based Loan) that (i) is not (and that cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right
of payment to any other Borrowed Money Indebtedness of the applicable Obligor (other than, in the case of a term loan or delayed draw term loan, Indebtedness in respect of a Senior Working Capital Facility), and (ii) is secured by a valid
security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligors obligations under the loan, which is not (and which cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of Lien priority to other Liens (other than to Liens
customarily allowed to be prior in priority to the Liens securing first lien loans, and, in the case of term loans or delayed draw term loans, to either (but not both of) (A) Liens securing a Senior Working Capital Facility or (B) Liens on
ABL Collateral securing a revolving asset-based credit facility, and (b) any other asset reasonably determined by the Initial Lender and the Borrower to constitute a senior loan. 

Senior Note means a senior secured note that (i) is not (and that cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of
payment to any other Borrowed Money Indebtedness of the applicable Obligor, (ii) is secured by a valid, first priority security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligors obligations under the note, which is not
(and which cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of Lien priority to other Liens (other than to Liens customarily allowed to be prior in priority to the Liens securing first lien notes) and (iii) has been physically delivered with an
allonge affixed thereto by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Collateral Custodian. 

-32- 

Senior Working Capital Facility means, with respect to a loan, a senior
secured working capital facility incurred by the Obligor of such loan that is prior in right of payment to such loan; provided that the outstanding principal balance and unfunded commitments of such working capital facility does not exceed
twenty percent (20%) of the sum of (x) the outstanding principal balance and unfunded commitments of such working capital facility, plus (y) the outstanding principal balance of such loan, plus (z) the outstanding principal
balance of any other debt for borrowed money incurred by such obligor that is pari passu with such loan. 

Servicer
Termination Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: 

(a) a Bankruptcy Event shall occur with
respect to the Applicable Servicer; 

(b) the Applicable Servicer shall assign its rights or obligations as Calculation Agent or
Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable, hereunder (other than as expressly provided herein) to any Person (other than, with respect to the Portfolio Asset Servicer, an Affiliate of the Portfolio Asset Servicer) without the consent of
the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders); 

(c) any failure in any material respect by the Applicable
Servicer to observe or perform any covenant or other agreement of the Applicable Servicer set forth in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, which continues to be unremedied for a period of 30 days (if such failure can be remedied)
after the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which written notice of such failure shall have been given to the Applicable Servicer by the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) or the Borrower and (ii) the
date on which a Responsible Officer of the Applicable Servicer acquires knowledge thereof (or such extended period of time reasonably approved by the Borrower not to exceed 60 days in the aggregate; provided that the Applicable Servicer is
diligently proceeding in good faith to cure such failure or breach); 

(d) any representation, warranty or certification made by the
Applicable Servicer in any Transaction Document or in any certificate delivered pursuant to any Transaction Document shall prove to have been incorrect when made, which has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(e) with respect to the Calculation Agent, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, MassMutual Ascend Life Insurance Company and C.M. Life
Insurance Company each cease to be a Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Borrower. 

Servicer Termination
Expenses has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 8.01(b). 

Servicer Termination Notice
has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 8.01(b). 

Servicing Report has the meaning assigned to
that term in Section 8.08(b)(i). 

-33- 

Servicing Standard means, with respect to any Portfolio Assets included
in the Collateral, (x) with respect to the Calculation Agent, to service and administer such Portfolio Assets by or on behalf of the Borrower in accordance with Applicable Law, the terms of this Agreement, the Loan Agreements and all customary
and usual servicing practices for loans or loan participations like the Portfolio Assets and (y) with respect to the Portfolio Asset Servicer, to perform its obligations in accordance with Applicable Law and under this Agreement with reasonable
care and in good faith using a degree of skill and attention no less than that which the Portfolio Asset Servicer exercises with respect to comparable assets that it manages for itself and for others with similar objectives and policies. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). 

Springing Account Control Agreement means the Springing Account Control Agreement, dated as of the
Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Account Bank and the Administrative Agent, establishing and governing the Operating Account and which permits, among other things,
the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties to direct disposition of the funds, securities and other assets in such Operating Account following a Notice of Exclusive Control that has not been withdrawn, as such agreement may be
amended, restated, modified, replaced or otherwise supplemented from time to time. 

State means one of the fifty states
of the United States or the District of Columbia. 

Stated Maturity Date means the date that is the eighth anniversary
of the Closing Date, as such date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.14. 

Subsidiary means with respect
to a person, a corporation, partnership or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a
contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, or both, by such person. 

Substitute Eligible Portfolio Asset has the meaning assigned to that term in
Section 2.10(b). 

Substitution has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10(b). 

Substitution Date has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10(b). 

Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.13(e). 

Tax Distributions means tax distributions (in the case of an estimated tax period, prior to the related due date) to the
owner or owners of equity of the Borrower in an aggregate amount equal to the product of (a) 10 percent of the Borrowers net taxable income for such period (or portion thereof) and (b) the highest combined effective
marginal federal, state and/or local income tax rate applicable to an individual resident in New York City for such period (taking into account (i) the deductibility of state and local income taxes for U.S. federal income tax purposes and
(ii) the character (e.g., long-term or short-term capital gain or ordinary or exempt) of the applicable income), as properly adjusted to reflect the final determination of any previously estimated taxable income or loss. 

-34- 

Taxes means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties,
charges, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments or fees of any nature (including interest, penalties, and additions thereto) that are imposed by any Governmental Authority. 

Term SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of three-months
on the day (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date
with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such
Term SOFR Determination Day and (b) the Floor. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration
Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Initial Lender in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Total Obligors means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate number of Obligors under the Loan Assets included in
the Borrowing Base (treating all Obligors that are Affiliates of one another as a single Obligor); provided that an Obligor will not be considered an Affiliate of any other Obligor (A) solely due to the fact that each such Obligor is
under the control of the same financial sponsor or (B) if they have distinct corporate family ratings and/or distinct issuer credit ratings. 

Total Portfolio Value means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Principal Collections as of such date plus the
amount of cash constituting the proceeds of Cure Contributions then standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts, plus the aggregate value of all Eligible Portfolio Assets as of such date determined by the Portfolio Asset Servicer in accordance
with the valuation policy of the Portfolio Asset Servicer in effect on the Closing Date, together with any changes to such valuation policy (provided that if such change is material, the Borrower shall provide written notice of such change to
the Calculation Agent within three (3) Business Days of the date of such change), and reflected in the most recent quarterly financial statements or audited annual financial statements (or unaudited financial statements for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 2022) of Holdings in accordance with GAAP. 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, any
Revolving Loan Note, each Account Control Agreement, the Fee Letters, each Assignment and Assumption Agreement, each Participation Agreement and each agreement, instrument, certificate or other document related to any of the foregoing. 

-35- 

Transfer means with respect to the Borrower (a) the acquisition by,
or the transfer or assignment to, the Borrower of a Loan Asset and related Portfolio Asset pursuant to an assignment agreement or participation agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Closing Date Participations) or (b) the
origination of a Loan Asset and related Portfolio Asset by the Borrower pursuant to an Underlying Agreement or Participation Agreement, as applicable. 

Transferor means any assignor of a Portfolio Asset under a Portfolio Asset Assignment. 

U.S. Dollars means, and the conventional $ signifies, the lawful money of the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the specified jurisdiction. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

Underlying Agent means, with respect to a Portfolio Asset, the administrative agent or other similar agent
for the lenders party to the Loan Agreement for such Portfolio Asset. 

Underlying Collateral means, with respect to a
Portfolio Asset, any property or other assets pledged or mortgaged as collateral to secure repayment of such Portfolio Asset or the Underlying Loan Obligation for such Portfolio Asset, as applicable, including, mortgaged property and all proceeds
from any sale or other disposition of such property or other assets. 

Underlying Loan Obligation means, with respect to
a Portfolio Asset consisting of a loan participation, the loan obligations of any applicable Obligor in which such Portfolio Asset is participating. 

Underlying Obligor Default means, with respect to any Portfolio Asset owned by the Borrower following the Cut-Off Date
relating thereto, the occurrence of one or more of the following events (any of which, for the avoidance of doubt, may occur more than once): 

(a) an Obligor payment default under such Portfolio Asset (after giving effect to any grace or cure period set forth in the applicable Loan
Agreement); 

(b) any other event of default or similar event or circumstance under the Loan Agreement for such Portfolio Asset for which
the Borrower (or agent or required lenders pursuant to the applicable Loan Agreement, as applicable) has elected to exercise any of its rights and remedies to enforce such Portfolio Asset (including the acceleration of the loan relating thereto),
unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Majority Lenders; or 

-36- 

(c) a Bankruptcy Event with respect to any related Obligor. 

United States means the United States of America. 

Unmatured Event of Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of
any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 

Utilization Fees means, for any period of
determination during the Revolving Period, the positive difference, if any, between (a) the amount of interest that would have accrued under this Agreement for such period on the principal amount of the Advances if the Advances Outstanding for
such period was equal to the Minimum Usage Amount and (b) the amount of interest that actually accrued under this Agreement for such period on the principal amounts of the Advances. Any Utilization Fees shall be calculated by the Calculation
Agent and included in the Payment Date Report delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Account Bank. 

Wilmington
Agents means each of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Custodian and the Account Bank (including in its capacities under the Transaction Documents) and Wilmington Agent means either one of them. 

Withholding Agent means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 

SECTION 1.02 Other Terms. All accounting terms used but not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. All terms used in
Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York, and used but not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. 

SECTION 1.03
Computation of Time Periods. Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words
to and until each mean to but excluding. 

SECTION 1.04 Interpretation. In each Transaction Document, unless a
contrary intention appears: 

(a) the singular number includes the plural number and vice versa; 

(b) reference to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns but only if such successors and assigns are not prohibited by
the Transaction Documents; 

(c) reference to any gender includes each other gender; 

(d) reference to day or days without further qualification means calendar days; 

(e) reference to any time means New York, New York time; 

(f) the term or is not exclusive; 

-37- 

(g) reference to the words include, includes and
including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation; 

(h) reference to any agreement
(including any Transaction Document), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified, waived, supplemented, restated or replaced and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if
applicable, the terms of the other Transaction Documents, and reference to any promissory note includes any promissory note that is an extension or renewal thereof or a substitute or replacement therefor; 

(i) reference to any Applicable Law means such Applicable Law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and
in effect from time to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and reference to any Section or other provision of any Applicable Law means that provision of such Applicable Law from time to time in effect and constituting the
substantive amendment, modification, codification, replacement or reenactment of such Section or other provision; and 

(j) if payment or
performance of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder is due on a date which is not a Business Day, the required date for payment or performance shall be the next Business Day. 

SECTION 1.05 Advances to Constitute Loans. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the parties hereto intend that the Advances made
hereunder constitute a loan and not a security for purposes of Section 8-102(15) of the UCC. 

SECTION 1.06 Information as
to Interest Rates. The interest rate on Advances may be determined by reference to a benchmark rate that is, or may in the future become, the subject to regulatory reform or cessation. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative
reference rates for some of these benchmark rates and, as a result, such benchmark rates may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued or the basis on which they are calculated may change. 

SECTION 1.07 Rates. The Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Initial Lender and the Portfolio Asset Servicer do not warrant or accept any
responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any
component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such
alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term
SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Initial Lender and the Portfolio Asset
Servicer and their respective affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, SOFR , Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any
Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Initial Lender and the Portfolio Asset Servicer may select information sources or
services in their reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, SOFR, 

-38- 

Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in
tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. The Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to
(i) monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of SOFR, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR (or any other applicable index, floating rate, Benchmark Replacement, Federal Funds Rate, Prime Rate or other applicable rate), or
whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any material disruption or other event relating to the Benchmark or the Base Rate, (ii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark
Replacement or other alternate reference rate, or other successor or replacement rate, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or
any other spread adjustment or other modifier to any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement or successor rate or index, or (iv) determine whether or what amendments or changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of
the foregoing. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents as a result of the unavailability of SOFR, Term
SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR (or any other applicable index, floating rate, Benchmark Replacement, Federal Funds Rate, Prime Rate or other applicable rate) and the absence of any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement index or floating rate,
including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation any Lender, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the
terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to calculate any Benchmark Replacement to the extent it is incapable of implementing such calculation
operationally. 

ARTICLE II. 

THE FACILITY 

SECTION 2.01 Advances. On
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the Borrower may at its option, from time to time on any Business Day during the Revolving Period, request that the Lenders make Advances in U.S. Dollars in an amount which after giving effect to such
Advances, would not cause the aggregate Advances Outstanding to exceed the Maximum Availability on such date (after giving effect to any Transfer effectuated from the use of proceeds thereof). Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Section 2.01 or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary, (a) if at any time (i) the LTV exceeds 65% or (ii) a Market Trigger Event or Rating Event exists (unless waived in writing by the initial Lender in its sole
discretion, which waiver may be by electronic mail), then the Revolving Period will be automatically suspended and the Lenders will not be required to make any Advance to the Borrower until the LTV equals or is below 60%, such Market Trigger Event
is cured as set forth in Section 2.17(d), or such Rating Event has been been cured by a Rating Event Cure, as applicable, and (b) no Lender is obligated to make any Advance in an amount that would, after giving effect to such
Advance, exceed such Lenders Commitment less the aggregate outstanding amount of any Advances funded by such Lender. Each Advance to be made hereunder shall be made by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares. 

-39- 

SECTION 2.02 Procedure for Advances. 

(a) The Borrower shall request an Advance by delivery of a Notice of Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and Initial
Lender, with a copy to each Lender, other than the Initial Lender and its Affiliates, for, Advances in U.S. Dollars, no later than 1:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed date of such Advance (or such shorter period of time agreed
to by the Lenders in their sole discretion in connection with any Advance). Each Notice of Borrowing must be accompanied by a duly completed Borrowing Base Certificate (updated to the date such Advance is requested and giving pro forma effect to the
Advance requested and the use of the proceeds thereof) and specify: 

(i) the amount of such Advance, which must be at least
equal to $500,000 and the Advance will be funded in U.S. Dollars; 

(ii) the proposed date of such Advance (which must be a
Business Day); 

(iii) with respect to any Advance other than the Initial Advance, the purpose for which the proceeds of
such Advance are to be used, as permitted by this Agreement; 

(iv) if the proceeds of such Advance are to be used to fund a
Delayed Draw, the amount of such Delayed Draw and the Delayed Draw Portfolio Asset to which it applies; 

(v) if the
proceeds of such Advance are to be used in connection with the Transfer of a Portfolio Asset (A) a description of such Portfolio Asset, (B) whether such Portfolio Asset is a Delayed Draw Portfolio Asset, and if such Portfolio Asset is a
Delayed Draw Portfolio Asset, the maximum amount of Delayed Draws to be made thereunder after the Cut-Off Date therefor, (C) whether such Portfolio Asset is an Eligible Portfolio Asset, and if such Portfolio Asset is an Eligible Portfolio
Asset, whether it is a Senior Loan, a Junior Loan, an Asset Based Loan, a Recurring Revenue Loan, or a Senior Note and (D) the amount of the fees and expenses of the Fund, Holdings and the Borrower, as applicable, with respect thereto, in each
case by delivering a Loan Asset Checklist substantially in the form of Exhibit C;

(vi) detailed instructions as to
where the proceeds of such Advance are to be deposited or transferred; 

(vii) whether such Advance will be a Base Rate Loan
or a Benchmark Loan; and 

(viii) all conditions precedent for such Advance described in Article III have been
satisfied. 

(b) Promptly upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (other than the Initial
Lender) of the requested Advance, and each Lender shall make the Advance on the terms and conditions set forth herein. On the Advance Date of such Advance, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, each Lender
shall, in accordance with instructions received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower, make available to the Borrower, in same day funds, an amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Share of such Advance, by payment into the account which
the Borrower has designated in writing. The Account Bank shall provide notice to the Administrative Agent upon receipt of each Lenders Pro Rata Share of such Advance. 

-40- 

(c) The obligation of each Lender to remit its Pro Rata Share of any Advance is several from
that of each other Lender and the failure of any Lender to so make such amount available to the Borrower shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder. In no event shall the Administrative Agent have any liability or obligation to
fund any Advance. 

(d) Subject to Section 2.04 and the other terms, conditions, provisions and limitations set forth herein,
the Borrower may borrow, repay or prepay and reborrow Advances without any penalty, fee or premium during the Revolving Period. 

(e) Each
conversion of Advances from the Benchmark to the Base Rate or from the Base Rate to the Benchmark shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable written notice to the Administrative Agent, Calculation Agent and Initial Lender. Each such notice
must be received by the Administrative Agent, Calculation Agent and Initial Lender not later than (i) 1:00 p.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any conversion to Benchmark Loans or (ii) 1:00 p.m. one Business
Day prior to the requested date of any conversion of Benchmark Loans to Base Rate Loans, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and shall be deemed to be approved by the Lenders. Each notice by the
Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(e) must be made by delivery to the Administrative Agent, Calculation Agent and Initial Lender of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower. Each Advance of, or conversion to, Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof, or if less, the remainder of the Advance. Each Advance of or conversion to Base Rate Loans
shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof, or if less, the remainder of the Advance. Each notice of conversion shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a conversion, (ii) the
requested date of the conversion (which shall be a Business Day) and (iii) the principal amount of Advances to be converted. Following receipt of such notice, the Calculation Agent shall determine the amount of Advances for each Lender and
provide notice of same to the Administrative Agent who shall promptly provide such notice to each Lender. 

(f) Except as otherwise provided
herein, a Benchmark Loan may be converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Benchmark Loan. 

(g) The Administrative Agent
shall promptly notify the Borrower, the Calculation Agent and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Benchmark Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the
Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, the Calculation Agent and the Lenders of any change to the Prime Rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 

SECTION 2.03 Evidence of Debt. 

(a) If
requested by a Lender, the Borrower shall deliver a duly executed revolving loan note (the Revolving Loan Note) to such Lender in substantially the form of Exhibit D. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall maintain, solely for this purpose as the agent of the Borrower, at its address referred to in
Section 11.02 an electronic copy of each Assignment and Assumption Agreement delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, the Commitments of, and principal amounts of (and
stated interest on, as 

-41- 

provided by the Calculation Agent) the Advances owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the other parties hereto shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender under this Agreement for
all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(c) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register
on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts of (and stated interest on) each participants interest in the loans or other obligations under the Transaction Documents (the Participant
Register); provided that (a) no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participants interest in
any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in Registered form under
Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and Section 1.163-5(b) of the proposed United States Treasury Regulations and (b) the Administrative Agent shall have no liability or obligation to make determinations with
respect to the rights of Participants hereunder. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such
participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 

SECTION 2.04 Repayment; Termination of Commitments.

(a) The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Stated Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Advances,
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Borrower shall also repay the outstanding principal amount of the Advances as provided in Section 2.08. During the Revolving Period, the Borrower may repay and reborrow Advances
in accordance with the terms hereof. After the Revolving Period, any Advance or any portion thereof, once repaid, may not be reborrowed. 

(b) All amounts and payments with respect to the Advances or other Obligations hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. 

(c) Advances may be prepaid in whole or in part at the option of the Borrower, without premium or penalty, at any time by delivering a notice
of such prepayment (which notice shall include a Borrowing Base Certificate updated to the date of such prepayment and giving pro forma effect to such prepayment requested) to the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Calculation Agent and
Initial Lender, by 10:00 a.m. at least one (1) Business Day, or in the case of any prepayment in whole, at least three (3) Business Days, prior to such prepayment. 

(d) Upon any prepayment of Advances Outstanding pursuant to Section 2.04(a) or 2.04(c), the Borrower shall also pay in full
any accrued and unpaid interest of the Secured Parties related to such Advances. The Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Majority Lenders) shall instruct the Account Bank to apply amounts received from the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.04 to the pro rata payment of all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such Advances and all due and payable costs and expenses of the Secured Parties related to such Advances until paid in full and thereafter to prepay
the Advances Outstanding. 

-42- 

(e) The Borrower may at any time, at its option and upon three Business Days prior
written notice of such termination or permanent reduction to the Administrative Agent, either (i) terminate this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents upon payment in full of (1) all Advances Outstanding, (2) all accrued and
unpaid interest, and (3) all other costs and expenses of the Secured Parties and payment of all other Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and other obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, in each
case, not then due and owing) or (ii) permanently reduce in part the Maximum Facility Amount upon payment in full of (1) all accrued and unpaid interest on such reduced amount (only to the extent that the Borrower is prepaying an Advance
in connection with any such permanent reduction), and (2) all other costs and expenses of the Secured Parties; provided, that if such termination or reduction occurs during the Revolving Period, the Borrower shall pay the Make-Whole
Amount, if any, to the Lenders. The Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share (prior to giving effect to any reduction of Commitments hereunder) of the aggregate amount of any reduction under this
Section 2.04(e)(ii). 

SECTION 2.05 Interest and Fees. 

(a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the outstanding principal amount of the Advances at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to
Benchmark Loans, the Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period plus the Applicable Spread and (ii) with respect to Base Rate Loans, as of any date of determination the Base Rate plus the Applicable Spread. Interest is payable on each Payment Date with respect to all interest accrued during the period from the prior Determination Date to the following
Determination Date for the current Payment Date as and to the extent provided in Section 2.08. If accrued and unpaid interest is not paid in full on a Payment Date, the Borrower shall
pay additional interest on such accrued and unpaid interest at the same rate per annum as the Borrower pays on the Advances, such additional interest being payable on each Payment Date as and to the extent provided in Section 2.08. Each
Advance is automatically continued in whole to the next applicable Interest Period upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto. 

(b) The Borrower shall pay pro rata to each Lender an unused commitment fee on the average daily unused amount of the Maximum Facility Amount,
if any, during the Revolving Period, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 0.30% on the average daily unused amount of the Maximum Facility Amount during the Revolving Period, subject to the remainder of this Section 2.05(b).
Such unused commitment fee shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent and included in the Payment Date Report delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Account Bank. Accrued unused commitment fees are payable in arrears on each Payment Date, as
calculated on each relevant Determination Date, as and to the extent provided in Section 2.08. For purposes of computing unused commitment fees, commencing on the Closing Date, or if the Borrower increases the Maximum Facility Amount in
accordance with Section 2.15, commencing on the date of such increase solely as it relates to the Incremental Commitments, if the average daily Advances Outstanding for the relevant period of determination is less than the Minimum Usage
Amount, then the average daily Advances Outstanding for such period shall be deemed to be the Minimum Usage Amount. If accrued and unpaid unused commitment fees are not paid in full on a Payment Date, the Borrower shall pay additional interest on
such accrued and unpaid unused commitment fees at the same rate per annum as the Borrower pays on the Advances, such additional interest being payable on each Payment Date as and to the extent provided in Section 2.08. Accrued unused
commitment fees are payable in arrears on the Stated Maturity Date. For purposes of computing commitment fees, the Commitment of any Lender is deemed to be used to the extent of the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding
Advances. All unused commitment fees are fully earned and nonrefundable upon payment. 

-43- 

(c) The Borrower shall pay pro rata to each Lender Utilization Fees, if any, which shall
accrue (1) (x) initially, for the period commencing on the Closing Date and continuing to but excluding the immediately following Determination Date with respect to the first Payment Date, and (y) thereafter, each successive period
from and including each Determination Date with respect to a Payment Date continuing to but excluding the earlier of the following Determination Date or the end of the Revolving Period; and (2) if the Borrower increases the Maximum Facility
Amount in accordance with Section 2.15, (x) initially, for the period commencing on the date of such increase continuing to but excluding the immediately following Determination Date with respect to the first Payment Date following
such increase, and (y) thereafter, each successive period from and including each Determination Date with respect to a Payment Date continuing to but excluding the earlier of the following Determination Date or the end of the Revolving Period.
Utilization Fees shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date by the Borrower pro rata to each Lender as and to the extent provided in Section 2.08. If accrued and unpaid Utilization Fees are not paid in full on a Payment Date, the
Borrower shall pay additional interest on such accrued and unpaid Utilization Fees, at the same rate per annum as the Borrower pays on the Advances advanced to the Borrower, such additional interest being payable on each Payment Date as and to the
extent provided in Section 2.08. All Utilization Fees are fully earned and nonrefundable upon payment. 

(d) The Borrower shall
pay the fees set forth in the Fee Letters on the term and conditions provided therein. 

(e) [Reserved.] 

(f) Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, if any amount payable by the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at the Default Rate. Upon the request of the Majority Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall pay
interest on the principal amount of all Advances outstanding hereunder at the Default Rate. 

(g) All computations of interest and all
computations of interest and fees hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days (or in the case of interest computed by reference to the Base Rate at times when the Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate, such interest shall be computed
on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year)), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(h) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Advance, together with all fees,
charges and other amounts that are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively, charges), exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) that may be contracted for, charged, taken,
received or reserved by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder, together with all charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate.
To the extent lawful, the interest and charges that would have been paid in respect of such Advance but were not paid as a result of the operation of this Section 2.05(h) shall be cumulated

-44- 

and the interest and charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advance or periods shall be increased (but not above the amount collectible at the Maximum Rate therefor) until such
cumulated amount shall have been received by such Lender. Any amount collected by such Lender that exceeds the maximum amount collectible at the Maximum Rate shall be applied to the reduction of the principal balance of such Advance or refunded to
the Borrower so that at no time shall the interest and charges paid or payable in respect of such Advance exceed the maximum amount collectible at the Maximum Rate. 

(i) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Initial Lender will have the right to
make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of
any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Initial Lender will promptly notify the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or
administration of Term SOFR. 

SECTION 2.06 Payments and Computations, Etc. 

(a) Not later than 20 Business Days prior to the last day of each calendar quarter with respect to each Scheduled Payment Date, and otherwise
not later than three (3) Business Days prior to each Inter-Period Payment Date and the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Portfolio Asset Servicer of the interest payable on the Advances hereunder on such Payment Date. All
amounts to be paid or applied from amounts received on the Portfolio Assets in the Collection Accounts, on the Borrowers behalf, hereunder and in accordance with this Agreement shall be paid or applied in accordance with the terms hereof so
that funds are received by the Account Bank no later than 12:00 p.m. on the day when due for further distribution to the Lenders by no later than 5:00 p.m. on such day in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds to the
account specified in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Calculation Agent and the Portfolio Asset Servicer. Any Obligation hereunder shall not be reduced by any distribution of any portion of Available Collections if at any time such
distribution is rescinded or required to be returned by any Lender to the Borrower or any other Person for any reason. 

(b) Other than as
otherwise set forth herein, whenever any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time is reflected in the computation of
interest and fees. 

(c) To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation
Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any
Bankruptcy Law or otherwise, then (i) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff
had not occurred and (ii) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the
Administrative Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 

-45- 

SECTION 2.07 Collections and Allocations. 

(a) The Portfolio Asset Servicer shall direct the Obligors to remit all Collections payable to the Borrower with respect to the Portfolio
Assets directly to the Collection Accounts pursuant to a payment direction letter in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Lender, a direction to the underlying administrative agent in customary form or, in the case of a participation, the
applicable Participation Agreement. Upon receipt of Collections in each applicable Collection Account, the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall promptly identify any Collections received as being on account of Principal Collections, Current Income
Collections or Excluded Amounts. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent any Collections are not deposited directly
into a Collection Account due to any mistake, error or similar event, the Borrower shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to deposit all Available Collections received by the Borrower or its Affiliates with respect to the Collateral Portfolio to a
Collection Account within two (2) Business Days after receipt and shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, hold in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, all such Available Collections until
so deposited. 

(c) With respect to each Account subject to a Springing Account Control Agreement, the Administrative Agent (at the
direction of the Majority Lenders) shall only deliver a Notice of Exclusive Control after the occurrence of an Event of Default. After the delivery of a Notice of Exclusive Control in the manner described in the preceding sentence that has not been
withdrawn, solely the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may withdraw, from each Account subject to such Springing Account Control Agreement, any deposits therein. 

(d) The Borrower shall use funds deposited in the Expense Reserve Account to pay expenses or interest due hereunder, in each case, solely in
accordance with Section 2.08. 

(e) The Administrative Agent may and, at the request of the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset
Servicer so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, shall withdraw from the Collection Account any deposits therein constituting Excluded Amounts and instruct the Account Bank to transfer such amounts as
directed by the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer. The Administrative Agent, at the request of the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer on its behalf, shall instruct the Account Bank to withdraw amounts in an Eligible Currency held in the
Collection Accounts for the purpose of exchanging and exchange such amounts into US Dollars; provided that (i) amounts received in U.S. Dollars or such other Eligible Currency, as applicable, in exchange for such Eligible Currency shall
be promptly deposited into a Collection Account and (ii) if a Market Trigger Event, Rating Event or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Initial Lender shall have approved such withdrawal (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 

(f) Each of the Borrower and the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall not have any rights of
withdrawal with respect to amounts held in (i) any Collection Account, (ii) the Expense Reserve Account, (iii) the Custody Accounts or (iii) the Operating Account after a Notice of Exclusive Control has been delivered to the
Account Bank in accordance with the terms of the applicable Account Control Agreement and not withdrawn. 

-46- 

(g) The Borrower shall not have any Account unless such Account is subject to an Account
Control Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof. 

SECTION 2.08 Remittance Procedures. On each Payment Date (including, Inter-Period Payment Dates),
the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Borrower, shall instruct the Account Bank to remit funds on deposit in the Collection Accounts as described in this Section 2.08 in accordance with the Payment Date Report for such Payment Date. 

(a) Application of Proceeds. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the
Borrower) shall (pursuant to the Payment Date Report for such Payment Date) instruct the Account Bank to transfer Collections held by the Account Bank in the Collection Accounts, in accordance with the Payment Date Report, to the following Persons
in the following amounts, calculated as of the most recent Determination Date, in the following order and priority: 

(i) 

During the Revolving Period, with respect to all Collections: 

a. 

first, (a) first, (1) to the payment of Borrowers reasonable and customary operating
expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed $150,000 in any fiscal year, Borrower Taxes, registration and filing fees then due and owing by the Borrower that are attributable solely to the operations of the Borrower and (2) for an amount
equal to any RIC Tax Distributions provided in the most recent Payment Date Report, for the payment of any RIC Tax Distributions; provided, that, any payments made under this clause (a) shall be made first pursuant to clause
(1) hereof and second pursuant to clause (2) hereof; (b) second, to the extent such amounts under clause (a)(1) above are not currently due and payable but are expected to be due and payable prior to the next Payment Date, at the
Borrowers reasonable discretion in the amounts set forth in the related Payment Date Report (such amounts under clauses (a) and (b), the Reserved Expenses), to make deposits in the applicable Expense Reserve Account to
be applied to such Reserved Expenses under clause (a) above that become due and payable prior to the next Payment Date; provided that, if such Reserved Expenses shall not become due and payable until the next Payment Date, then such
Reserved Expenses shall be applied to the amounts under clause (a) above for such next Payment Date before applying any amounts in the applicable Collection Account and (c) third, for an amount equal to any Tax Distributions provided in
the most recent Payment Date Report, for the payment of any Tax Distributions; 

b. 

second, for distribution to the following Persons in the following order and priority (x), first, to the
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Custodian, (y) second, to the Account Bank and (z) third, to the Calculation Agent, in payment in full of all accrued fees, expenses and indemnities due and payable by the Borrower hereunder or under
any other Transaction Document and under any Fee Letters; 

-47- 

c. 

third, for distribution to each Lender and other Secured Party, as applicable, to pay such Lenders
and other Secured Partys, as applicable, Pro Rata Share of accrued and unpaid commitment fees, Utilization Fees and interest owing to such Lender and other Secured Party, as applicable, under this Agreement (including any such accrued and
unpaid interest or fees from a prior period); 

d. 

fourth, if a Market Trigger Event or a Rating Event has occurred and is continuing or would occur after
giving effect to any distributions to the Borrower as provided in clause (e) below, for distribution to each Lender (A) to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding until such Advances Outstanding are paid in full
or (B) in the case of any event under clause (ii) of the definition of Market Trigger Event, to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding until the LTV is equal to or below the Applicable LTV Trigger;
and 

e. 

fifth, to the Borrower or as the Borrower may direct (including, to the extent permitted hereunder, to
make a Restricted Junior Payment or for deposit in the Operating Account), any remaining amounts to the extent that no Market Trigger Event or Rating Event is then continuing and does not result therefrom. 

(ii) 

After the Revolving Period, with respect to Current Income Collections: 

a. 

first, (i) for distribution to the following Persons in the following order and priority (x),
first, to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Custodian, (y) second, to the Account Bank and (z) third, to the Calculation Agent , in payment in full of all accrued fees, expenses and indemnities due and payable by the Borrower
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document and under any Fee Letters, and then (ii)(A) first, to the Borrower for payment of Borrowers reasonable and customary operating expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed $150,000 in any
fiscal year, Borrower Taxes, registration and filing fees then due and owing by the Borrower that are attributable solely to the operations of the Borrower; (B) for an amount equal to any RIC Tax Distributions provided in the most recent
Payment Date Report, for the payment of any RIC Tax Distributions; provided, that, any payments made under clause (ii) of this paragraph (a) shall be made first pursuant to clause (ii)(A) hereof, and second pursuant to clause
(ii)(B) hereof; and (C) second, to the extent such amounts under clause (A) are not currently due and payable but are expected to be due and payable prior to the next Payment Date, at the Borrowers reasonable discretion, to make
deposits in the amount of the Reserved Expenses in the Expense Reserve Account to be applied to such Reserved Expenses under clause 

-48- 

(i) and (ii) above that become due and payable thereafter prior to the next Payment Date; provided that, if such Reserved Expenses shall not become due and payable until the next Payment Date, then such
Reserved Expenses shall be applied to the amounts under clause (i) and (ii) above for such next Payment Date before applying any amounts in the applicable Collection Account; and (D) third, for an amount equal to any Tax Distributions
provided in the most recent Payment Date Report, for the payment of any Tax Distributions; 

b. 

second, for distribution to each Lender and other Secured Party, as applicable, to pay such
Lenders and other Secured Partys, as applicable, Pro Rata Share of accrued and unpaid interest owing to such Lender and other Secured Party, as applicable, under this Agreement (including any such accrued and unpaid interest from a prior
period); 

c. 

third, if a Market Trigger Event or a Rating Event has occurred and is continuing or would occur after
giving effect to any distributions to the Borrower as provided in clause (d) below, for distribution to each Lender (A) to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding until such Advances Outstanding are paid in full
or (B) in the case of any event under clause (ii) of the definition of Market Trigger Event, to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding until the LTV is equal to or below the Applicable LTV Trigger;
and 

d. 

fourth, to the extent no Market Trigger Event or Rating Event is continuing and will not result from a
payment to or by a Borrower pursuant to this clause (d) to the Borrower or as the Borrower may direct (including, to the extent permitted hereunder, to make a Restricted Junior Payment or for deposit in the Operating Account), any remaining
amounts. 

(iii) 

After the Revolving Period, with respect to Principal Collections: 

a. 

first, for distribution to the following Persons in the following order and priority (x), first, to the
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Custodian, (y) second, to the Account Bank and (z) third, to the Calculation Agent, in payment in full of all accrued fees, expenses and indemnities due and payable by the Borrower hereunder or under
any other Transaction Document and under any Fee Letters; 

b. 

second, for distribution to each Lender and other Secured Party, as applicable, to pay such
Lenders and other Secured Partys, as applicable, Pro Rata Share of accrued and unpaid interest and fees owing to such Lender and other Secured Party, as applicable, under this Agreement (including any such accrued and unpaid interest or
fees from a prior period); 

-49- 

c. 

third, if a Market Trigger Event or a Rating Event has occurred and is continuing or would occur after
giving effect to any distributions to the Borrower as provided in clause (e) below, for distribution to each Lender (A) to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding until such Advances Outstanding are paid in full
or (B) in the case of any event under clause (ii) of the definition of Market Trigger Event, to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding until the LTV is equal to or below the Applicable LTV Trigger;

d. 

fourth, if the LTV as of such Payment Date exceeds 50% or there are less than twenty (20) Total
Obligors, for distribution to each applicable Lender, to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding up to an amount equal to the weighted average Advance Rate for the Eligible Portfolio Assets to which such Principal
Collections relate multiplied by the amount of Principal Collections available to be distributed under this clause (d), until the Advances Outstanding are paid in full; 

e. 

fifth, to the Borrower or as the Borrower may direct (including, to the extent permitted hereunder, to
make a Restricted Junior Payment), the percentage of any remaining amounts equal to 100% minus the Additional Lender Paydown Percentage of such amounts, determined as of such date; and 

f. 

sixth, for distribution to each applicable Lender to repay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the
Advances Outstanding until the Advances Outstanding are paid in full (it being understood that such amount may be only a portion of the outstanding amount with respect to the Advances); and 

g. 

seventh, to the Borrower or as the Borrower may direct (including, to the extent permitted hereunder, to
make a Restricted Junior Payment or for deposit in the Operating Account), any remaining amounts. 

(b) Insufficiency
of Funds. If the funds on deposit in the Collection Accounts are insufficient to pay any amounts otherwise due and payable on a Payment Date or otherwise, the Borrower nevertheless remains responsible for, and shall pay when due, all amounts
payable under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, together with interest accrued as set forth in Section 2.05(f) from the date when due
until paid hereunder. 

(c) Application of Payments after an Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may (and at the direction of the Majority Lenders shall) instruct the Account Bank to transfer all Collections in the applicable Collection Account and/or
Expense Reserve Account, in accordance with the related Payment Date Report, to be applied in the following order and priority (and if the Administrative Agent elects not to apply the Collections in accordance with this Section 2.08(c),
the provisions of Section 2.08(a) shall apply): 

-50- 

(i) first, to the payment of Borrowers reasonable and customary
operating expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed $150,000, Borrower Taxes, registration and filing fees then due and owing by the Borrower that are attributable solely to the operations of the Borrower; 

(ii) second, for distribution to first, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Account Bank, and
then second, the Calculation Agent in payment in full of all accrued fees, expenses and indemnities due and payable hereunder or under any other Transaction Document and under the Fee Letters; 

(iii) third, for the ratable distribution to each Secured Party to pay any Obligations then due and payable to such
Persons (other than with respect to interest or the repayment of Advances) under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; 

(iv) fourth, for distribution to each Lender, to pay such Lenders Pro Rata Share of accrued and unpaid interest
owing to such Lender under this Agreement; 

(v) fifth, for distribution to each Lender, to repay such Lenders
Pro Rata Share of the Advances Outstanding until paid in full; and 

(vi) sixth, the balance, if any, after all
Obligations have been paid in full as set forth above (other than contingent indemnification obligations and other obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, in each case, not then due and owing), to the Borrower or as otherwise
required by Applicable Law. 

(d) Instructions to the Account Bank. All instructions and directions given to the Account Bank by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be in writing (including instructions and directions transmitted to the Account Bank by facsimile or e-mail) or pursuant to an electronic transmission system established between
the Administrative Agent and the Account Bank on the Closing Date. The Administrative Agent shall transmit to the Borrower by facsimile or e-mail a copy of all instructions and directions given to the Account Bank by the Administrative Agent
pursuant to this Section 2.08 concurrently with the delivery thereof. 

(e) No Presentment. Payment by the Administrative
Agent to the Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof shall not require presentment of any Revolving Loan Note. 

(f) Expense Reserve
Account. The Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Majority Lenders as requested by the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer on its behalf) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom,
shall, on any Payment Date, withdraw from the Expense Reserve Account any deposits thereto to pay the Reserved Expenses of the Borrower that are due and owing on such Payment Date solely to the extent reflected in the related Payment Date Report.

-51- 

SECTION 2.09 Grant of a Security Interest. 

(a) To secure the prompt and complete payment in full when due, whether by lapse of time, acceleration or otherwise, of the Obligations and the
performance by the Borrower of all of the covenants and obligations to be performed pursuant to this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or
contingent, the Borrower hereby grants a security interest to the Administrative Agent, its successors and assigns, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in, to and under (but none of the
obligations under) the following, whether now owned or hereinafter acquired (collectively, the Collateral): (i) all accounts, money, cash and currency, chattel paper, tangible chattel paper, electronic chattel paper,
intellectual property, goods, equipment, fixtures, contract rights, general intangibles, documents, instruments, certificates of deposit, certificated securities, uncertificated securities, financial assets, securities entitlements, commercial tort
claims, securities accounts, deposit accounts, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, software, supporting obligations, accessions or other property consisting of Loan Assets, the Portfolio Assets and Collections (but excluding the
obligations thereunder); (ii) all Records; (iii) all Proceeds of the foregoing; (iv) the Collection Accounts, (v) the Expense Reserve Account; (vi) the Operating Account; (vii) the Custody Accounts; and (viii) all
proceeds and products of the foregoing. 

(b) To secure the prompt and complete payment in full when due, whether by lapse of time,
acceleration or otherwise, of the Obligations and the performance by the Borrower of all of the covenants and obligations to be performed pursuant to this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to
become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or contingent, Holdings hereby grants a security interest to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in all of Holdings right, title and interest in and to, whether now
owned or hereinafter acquired (collectively, the Pledged Equity): (i) all investment property and general intangibles consisting of the ownership, equity or other similar interests in the Borrower, including the
Borrowers limited liability company membership interests; (ii) all certificates, instruments, writings and securities evidencing the foregoing; (iii) the operating agreement and other organizational documents of the Borrower and all
options or other rights to acquire any membership or other interests under such operating agreement or other organizational documents; (iv) all dividends, distributions, capital, profits and surplus and other property or proceeds from time to
time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the foregoing; (v) all books, records and other written, electronic or other documentation in whatever form maintained now or hereafter by or for
Holdings in connection with, and relating to, the ownership of, or evidencing or containing information relating to, the foregoing; and (vi) all proceeds, supporting obligations and products of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Borrower shall remain liable under the Collateral and the Collateral to the
extent set forth therein to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (ii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, of any of its
rights in the Collateral, Collateral or the Pledged Equity does not release the Borrower or Holdings from any of its duties or obligations under the Collateral, the Collateral or with respect to the Pledged Equity and (iii) none of the
Administrative Agent, any Lender nor any other Secured Party shall have any obligations or liability under the Collateral or Collateral by reason of this Agreement, nor shall the Administrative Agent, any Lender nor any other Secured Party be
obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of the Borrower thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder. 

-52- 

SECTION 2.10 Sale of Portfolio Assets. 

(a) Sales. The Borrower may sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Portfolio Asset (a Sale) so long as
(i) no Market Trigger Event, Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Sale (unless the proceeds from such Sale are being used to cure an Unmatured Event of Default, a Market
Trigger Event, or an Event of Default and, in each case, the Initial Lender has provided its prior written consent), (ii) no Rating Event has occurred and is continuing (unless the Initial Lender has provided its prior written consent),
(iii) the net cash proceeds from such Sale are deposited in the Collection Accounts; provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom and pro forma LTV is equal to or less than 60%, such net cash
proceeds may be used either or both (x) to prepay Advances in accordance with Section 2.04, and/or (y) to make Restricted Junior Payments, in accordance with Section 2.08, and (iv) the conditions set forth in
Section 2.10(e) for such Sale are satisfied. 

(b) Unless an Unmatured Event of Default, an Event of Default, a Market Trigger
Event or a Rating Event has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, at any time during the Revolving Period the Borrower may, subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 2.10(b) and subject to the other restrictions
contained herein, replace any Loan Asset with one or more Eligible Portfolio Asset (each, a Substitute Eligible Portfolio Asset and each such replacement, a Substitution) and transfer or distribute, as
applicable, such replaced Loan Asset to an assignee or other recipient; provided that (y) such replacement and Substitution shall not occur after the end of the Revolving Period unless otherwise consented to by the Majority Lenders (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (z), unless otherwise waived by the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders), no such replacement shall occur unless each of the following conditions
is satisfied as of the date of such replacement and substitution (the Substitution Date) (which satisfaction shall be deemed to be certified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent): 

(i) each Substitute Eligible Portfolio Asset is an Eligible Portfolio Asset on the Substitution Date; 

(ii) the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Calculation Agent and Initial
Lender) a completed Borrowing Base Certificate and a list of all Loan Assets and Substitute Eligible Portfolio Assets to be subject of a Substitution; 

(iii) after giving effect to any such substitution of any such Substitute Eligible Portfolio Asset on any Substitution Date,
(x) the aggregate Advances Outstanding shall not exceed the Maximum Availability as of such date; (y) all representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01, Section 4.02 and Section 4.06 hereof
shall continue to be true and correct in all material respects except to the extent relating to an earlier date and (z) neither an Unmatured Event of Default nor an Event of Default shall have resulted from such Substitution; 

(iv) the Borrower shall give two (2) Business Days notice of such Substitution to the Administrative Agent (or such
lesser period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent); and 

-53- 

(v) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any amount to be
deposited into the Collection Accounts in connection with any such Substitution. 

(c) To the extent any Portfolio Asset listed on
Schedule I consists of either (i) a funded term Loan Asset and an unfunded revolving Loan Asset or (ii) a unfunded term Loan Asset and a funded revolving Loan Asset, a Sale of one hundred percent (100%) of Borrowers
ownership interest in the unfunded portion of such Portfolio Asset may be made to Holdings at par pursuant to a written agreement; provided that, (a) for the avoidance of doubt, no Market Trigger Event, Rating Event, Event of Default or
Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Sale and (b) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and Calculation Agent in writing at least five (5) Business Days in advance of any such
proposed Sale. 

(d) Release of Lien. Upon confirmation by the Portfolio Asset Servicer of (i) the deposit of the amounts set
forth in Section 2.10(a) in cash into the Collection Accounts and the fulfillment of the other terms and conditions set forth in this Section 2.10 for a Sale or (ii) the Substitution by the Borrower of a Substitute
Eligible Portfolio Asset pursuant to Section 2.10(b) (such date of fulfillment, a Release Date), then the Portfolio Assets and related Portfolio Assets subject of such Sale or Substitution, as applicable, are removed
from the Collateral. Subject to compliance by the Borrower with the immediately prior sentence, on the Release Date of each subject Portfolio Asset and related Portfolio Assets, the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall
automatically and without further action be deemed to have released all right, title and interest and any Lien of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under such Loan Asset and related Portfolio Assets and all
future monies due or to become due with respect thereto, without recourse, representation or warranty of any kind or nature. 

(e)
Conditions to Sales. Any Sale of a Portfolio Asset is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(i)
unless the Majority Lenders otherwise consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and the Majority Lenders shall use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to a request for consent within three (3) Business
Days (or, in the case of an Underlying Obligor Default with respect to such Portfolio Asset arising under clause (a) of such defined term, five (5) Business Days)), the Proceeds from such Sale (expressed as a percentage of par) shall be no
less than ten (10) percentage points lower than the most recent value of the Portfolio Asset subject to such Sale (expressed as a percentage of par); and 

(ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any amount to be deposited into the Collection Accounts. 

(f) Treatment of Amounts Deposited in the Collection Accounts. Amounts deposited by the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer in the
Collection Accounts pursuant to this Section 2.10 on account of Portfolio Assets shall be treated as payments of Principal Collections (other than in connection with the sale of accrued interest which shall be treated as a payment of
Current Income Collections) for purposes of Section 2.08 and shall be applied as provided in Section 2.08(a) or Section 2.08(c), as applicable. 

-54- 

SECTION 2.11 Release of Portfolio Assets. The Borrower may obtain the release from the Lien of the
Administrative Agent granted under the Transaction Documents of (a) any Portfolio Asset (and the related Portfolio Assets pertaining thereto) removed from the Collateral in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 2.10
and (b) any Portfolio Asset (and the related Portfolio Assets pertaining thereto) that terminates or expires by its terms and for which all amounts in respect thereof have been paid in full by the related Obligors and deposited in the
Collection Accounts. The Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall at the sole expense of the Borrower and at the written direction of the Majority Lenders, execute such documents and instruments of release as may be
prepared by the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer and take other such actions as shall reasonably be requested by the Borrower to effect such release of the Lien created pursuant to this Agreement. Upon the release of the Administrative
Agents Lien as described in the immediately preceding sentence, the Loan Asset File will be returned to the Borrower as provided in Section 9.09. 

SECTION 2.12 Increased Costs. 

(a) If any
Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge
or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender; 

(ii) subject any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and (B) Excluded Taxes) on its Advances,
Commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii)
impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, continuing or maintaining any Advance or of maintaining its
obligation to make any such Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, within ten (10) days after the submission of the certificate
contemplated by Section 2.12(c) by such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that, such
amount or amounts shall be no greater than the amount or amounts that such Lender is generally claiming from its other borrowers similarly situated to the Borrower. 

(b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lenders holding
company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders
policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender from time to time such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such
Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

-55- 

(c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate
such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in Section 2.12(a) or (b) and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as
due on any such certificate on the next Payment Date that is not less than 10 days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Failure or delay on the part
of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender
pursuant to this Section 2.12 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions,
and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the
period of retroactive effect thereof). 

SECTION 2.13 Taxes. 

(a) All payments made by the Borrower or, at the direction of the Borrower, or on behalf of the Borrower under this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document will be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If the Withholding Agent shall be required by Applicable Law to withhold or deduct any
Indemnified Taxes from any amounts payable to any Recipient (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent), then the amount payable to such Recipient will be increased (the amount of such increase, the
Additional Amount) such that every net payment made under this Agreement after withholding for or on account of any Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes on such increase) is not less than the amount that would have
been paid had no such deduction or withholding been made. Any amounts deducted or withheld pursuant to this Section 2.13(a) will be timely paid by the applicable Withholding Agent to the applicable Governmental Authority in accordance
with Applicable Law. 

(b) Without duplication of any other amount payment under Section 2.13(a) or otherwise under this
Agreement, the Borrower will indemnify each Recipient for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes payable or paid by such Person in respect of, or required to be withheld or deducted from, payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder,
including Indemnified Taxes imposed or assessed on or attributable to Additional Amounts and including penalties, interest and expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on behalf of a Recipient,
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. All payments in respect of this indemnification shall be made within 15 days from the date a written invoice therefor is delivered to the Borrower, with a copy to the Calculation Agent and Initial Lender.

(c) Each Lender will indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Collateral Custodian for (i) the full amount
of Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Collateral Custodian for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting any
obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 2.03 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes

-56- 

attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Collateral Custodian in connection with any Transaction Document,
and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability
delivered to the Lender by the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Collateral Custodian, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Collateral
Custodian to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Transaction Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender against any amount due to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation
Agent and the Collateral Custodian under this clause (c). All payments in respect of this indemnification shall be made within 15 days from the date a written invoice therefor is delivered to the Lender. 

(d) Within 15 days after the date of any payment by the Borrower or, at the direction of the Borrower, or on behalf of the Borrower, to the
applicable Governmental Authority of any Taxes pursuant to this Sections 2.13 and 11.07(b), the Borrower or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will furnish to the Administrative Agent at the applicable address set forth on this
Agreement, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
(acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) to the extent received by the Calculation Agent or the Borrower, as applicable. 

(e) Each
Lender (including any assignee thereof) that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a Non-U.S. Lender) shall deliver to the Borrower, the Calculation Agent and the
Administrative Agent two properly completed and duly executed copies of whichever (if any) of the following is applicable for claiming complete exemption from, or a reduced rate of, U.S. federal withholding tax on any payment by the Borrower under
this Agreement: (i) U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (claiming the benefits of an applicable tax treaty), W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI or (ii) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming exemption from U.S. federal
withholding tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments of portfolio interest a statement substantially in the form of Exhibit F to the effect that such Lender is eligible for a complete exemption
from withholding of U.S. Taxes under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code (a Tax Compliance Certificate) and a Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, in each case (A) with any required attachments (including, with respect to any
Lender that provides an U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, any of the forms or other documentation described in clauses (i) and (ii) above for any of the direct or indirect owners of such Lender) and (B) any
subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto. In addition, each Lender (including any assignee thereof) that is not a Non-U.S. Lender shall deliver to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent two copies of U.S. Internal
Revenue Service Form W-9, properly completed and duly executed and claiming complete exemption, or shall otherwise establish an exemption, from U.S. backup withholding. Such forms shall be delivered by each Lender on or about the date it becomes a
party to this Agreement. In addition, each Lender shall deliver such forms promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such Lender. Each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the Calculation Agent at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any previously delivered certificate to the Borrower or the Calculation Agent (or any other form of certification adopted by the U.S. taxing
authorities for such purpose). Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, a Lender shall not be required to deliver any form pursuant to this paragraph that such Lender is not legally able to deliver. For the purposes of this
Section 2.13(d), Lender shall include any other recipients of payments on the Collateral as directed by any Lender to the Calculation Agent. 

-57- 

(f) A Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the
law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the applicable Withholding Agent, at the time or times prescribed by
Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the applicable Withholding Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation or information prescribed by Applicable Law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced
rate (or otherwise permit the applicable Withholding Agent to determine the applicable rate of withholding); provided that such Lender is legally entitled to complete, execute and deliver such documentation and in such Lenders
reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.13(e) and (g)) would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would not materially
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(g) If a payment made to a Lender under any Transaction Document would be
subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender
shall deliver to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or Calculation Agent such documentation
prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower, Administrative Agent or Calculation Agent as may be necessary for the
Borrower, Administrative Agent and Calculation Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold
from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.13(g), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(h) If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion, exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes for which it was
indemnified by the Borrower, or the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Borrower, in each case, pursuant to this Section 2.13 or with respect to which the Borrower, Administrative Agent or the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Borrower,
in each case, has paid Additional Amounts pursuant to this Section 2.13, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower,
Administrative Agent or the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Borrower, in each case, under this Section 2.13 with respect to the Taxes or Additional Amounts giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
(including additional Taxes, if any) of such Recipient, as the case may be, incurred in obtaining such refund, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). The Borrower, upon
the request of such Recipient, shall repay to such Recipient the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 2.13(h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such
Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.13(h), in no event will the Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this
Section 2.13(h) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted,
withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other
information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 

-58- 

(i) [Reserved]. 

(j) The Administrative Agent (and any assignee or successor) will deliver to the Borrower, on or prior to the execution and delivery of this
Agreement (or, assignment or succession, if applicable), either (i) two (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI with respect to any amounts payable to the Administrative Agent for its own account or (ii) two (2) executed copies of
IRS Form W-9, whichever is applicable, and with the effect that the Borrower can make payments to the Administrative Agent without deduction or withholding of any taxes imposed by the United States. 

(k) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Borrower
contained in this Section 2.13 survive the termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 2.14 Extension of Revolving Period and Stated Maturity
Date

(a) The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (and, if KBRA is providing a rating with respect to
the Borrower, to KBRA) not later than 30 days prior to the date set forth in clause (i) of the definition of Revolving Period (the Initial Revolving Period), request that the Lenders extend the Revolving Period to a date
occurring one year from the last day of the Initial Revolving Period and the Stated Maturity Date to a date occurring five years after the last day of the Revolving Period (after giving effect to such extension). The Borrower may only make a request
under this Section 2.14(a) once. If the Borrower extends the Revolving Period pursuant to this Section 2.14, the Borrower shall pay to the Lenders an extension fee equal to 0.25% of the Maximum Facility Amount in effect as of
such extension date. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the extension of the Revolving Period and Stated Maturity Date pursuant to this
Section 2.14 shall not be effective with respect to any Lender unless: 

(i) no Unmatured Event of Default,
Event of Default, Market Trigger Event or Rating Event shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto; and 

(ii) the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of
the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto, as though made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). 

(c) In connection with any extension of the Revolving Period and Stated Maturity Date, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender
may make such amendments to this Agreement as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Initial Lender) and the Borrower mutually determine to be reasonably necessary to evidence the extension. 

-59- 

SECTION 2.15 Increase in Commitments. 

(a) On or prior to 18 months after the Closing Date, the Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the
Lenders) and to KBRA (if KBRA is providing a rating with respect to the Borrower), request increases in the Commitments denominated in U.S. Dollars (each such increase, an Incremental Commitment) by a minimum amount of $50,000,000
and (1) an aggregate amount of $100,000,000, or (2) such higher amount as mutually agreed in writing between the Borrower and the Lenders in their sole discretion. 

(b) An Incremental Commitment may be provided by any Lender (each such Lender, an Incremental Lender); provided that
each Incremental Lender that is not the Initial Lender shall be subject to the consent of the Initial Lender, which consent by the Initial Lender may be withheld in the sole discretion of the Initial Lender. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, no Lender shall have any obligation to agree to increase its Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.15 and any election to do so shall be in the sole discretion of such Lender; provided that with respect to any
Incremental Commitment set forth in clause (a)(1), each Lender shall be obligated to increase its Commitment by such Lenders then-existing Pro Rata Share of such Incremental Commitment. 

(c) The Calculation Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date for such increase pursuant to this Section 2.15 (an
Incremental Commitment Effective Date) and, if applicable, the final allocation of such increase among the Persons providing such increase; provided, that, such date shall be a Business Day at least ten (10) Business
Days after delivery of the request for such increase (unless otherwise approved by the Calculation Agent) and at least 30 days prior to the end of the Revolving Period. To effect such increase, the Borrower, the applicable Incremental Lenders and
the Administrative Agent (but no other Lenders or Persons) shall enter into one or more agreements, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which the applicable Incremental Lenders will
provide the Incremental Commitments. Effective as of the applicable Incremental Commitment Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 2.15, each Incremental Commitment shall be a Commitment (and not a
separate facility hereunder) and the Advances made by the applicable Incremental Lenders on such Incremental Commitment Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.15(e) shall be Advances, for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall be effective with respect to
any Incremental Lender unless: 

(i) no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default, Market Trigger Event or Rating Event
shall have occurred and be continuing on the Incremental Commitment Effective Date and after giving effect to such increase; 

(ii) the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except that
any representation qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects as so qualified) on and as of the Incremental Commitment Effective Date and after giving effect to such
increase, as though made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date); 

(iii) the Calculation Agent shall have received, for the benefit of Barings LLC, as Investment Adviser to the Initial Lender,
MassMutual Ascend Life Insurance Company and C.M. Life Insurance Company as Lenders, an upfront fee in the amount of 1.00% on any Incremental Lenders Incremental Commitment; and 

-60- 

(iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received one or more agreements
contemplated above, providing for Incremental Commitments in the amount of such increase. 

As of such Incremental Commitment Effective Date, upon the
Administrative Agents receipt of the documents required by Section 2.15(d)(iv), the Administrative Agent shall record the information contained in the applicable agreement contemplated above in the Register and give prompt notice
of the increase in the Commitments to the Borrower and the Lenders (including each Incremental Lender). 

(e) On each Incremental Commitment
Effective Date, if there are Advances then outstanding, the Borrower shall be deemed to prepay such Advances and deemed to reborrow Advances from the Incremental Lenders, as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to such deemed
prepayments and borrowings, all Advances will be held ratably by the Lenders (including the Incremental Lenders) in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Share after giving effect to the applicable Incremental Commitments and the Lenders shall
make such payments or adjustments as are equitable (or purchase participations in the Advances) so that the Advances will be held ratably by the Lenders (including the Incremental Lenders) in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Share after
giving effect to the applicable Incremental Commitments (or, if the Lenders otherwise agree, the Lenders, including the Incremental Lenders, may assign portions of the outstanding Advances to accomplish the same result). 

SECTION 2.16 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Additional
Amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.13, then such Lender shall (at the request of Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or
booking its Advances hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable
pursuant to Section 2.12 or Section 2.13, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such
Lender; provided that no such assignment shall be effected if the assignee is not a Qualified Purchaser. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or
assignment. 

(b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified
Taxes or Additional Amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.13 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance
with Section 2.16(a), or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without
recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.04), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.12 or
Section 2.13) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Transaction Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment);
provided, that: 

-61- 

(i) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the
outstanding principal of its Advances and participations, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal
and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 

(ii) in the case of any such assignment
resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.12 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.13, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 

(iii) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law. 

Any Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

SECTION 2.17 Defaulting Lenders.

(a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 

(i) Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or
consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Majority Lenders and Section 11.01. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VI or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 11.13 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and then to the
Calculation Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Advance in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion
thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Calculation Agent; third, if so determined by the Calculation Agent and the Borrower, to be held in an account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lenders
potential future funding obligations with respect to Advances under this Agreement; fourth, as such amounts are provided to the Administrative Agent, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, as such amounts are provided to the Administrative Agent, so long
as no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of

-62- 

such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, as such amounts are provided to the Administrative Agent, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise
directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (A) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (B) such
Advances were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 3.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the
payment of any Advances of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Advances are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied
(or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) Unused Commitment Fees. No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any unused commitment fee pursuant to
Section 2.06(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower and (if not a Defaulting Lender) the Initial Lender agree in writing that a Lender is no
longer a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that
portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments, whereupon, such
Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that (i) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and
(ii) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having
been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) Termination of Defaulting Lender. The Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Commitment of
any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender upon not less than ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof), and in such event the provisions of
Section 2.17(a)(ii) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts); provided
that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting
Lender. 

(d) Market Trigger Event Cure. In the event a Market Trigger Event occurs, the Borrower may cure such Market Trigger Event
within ten (10) Business Days of such occurrence; provided that the Borrower shall notify the Calculation Agent in writing of such occurrence and cause any or a combination of: (i) cash to be deposited into one or more Collection
Accounts (the Cure Contributions), (ii) additional Eligible Portfolio Assets to be transferred to the Borrower or (iii) repayment of Advances Outstanding, collectively, in an amount equal to the amount required to cure
such Market Trigger Event. 

-63- 

SECTION 2.18 Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(a) Temporary. If (i) the Initial Lender determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error)
that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof or (ii) the Initial Lender determines that for any reason Term SOFR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lenders of funding any Advance, the Initial Lender
will promptly so notify the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by Initial Lender, unless a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, any outstanding Advance will be deemed to have been converted into an advance
bearing interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Spread. 

(b) Permanent. 

(i) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark
Transition Event, the Initial Lender and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. on
the fifth Business Day after the Initial Lender has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower. Unless and until a Benchmark Replacement is effective in accordance with this subsection, all Advances shall bear interest at the
Base Rate plus the Applicable Spread. 

(ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use,
administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Initial Lender will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any amendments implementing such
Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

(iii)
Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Initial Lender will promptly notify the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and the effectiveness of any Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Initial Lender or, if applicable, the Borrower or Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.18, including any determination with respect to a rate or
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and
without consent from any other party hereto. 

ARTICLE III. 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

SECTION 3.01 Conditions
Precedent to Effectiveness. 

(a) This Agreement becomes effective upon, and no Lender is obligated to make any Advance, nor is any
Lender, the Collateral Custodian, the Calculation Agent or the Administrative Agent obligated to take, fulfill or perform any other action hereunder until, the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(i) this Agreement, all other Transaction Documents (other than the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and the Collateral
Custodian Fee Letter) and all other agreements, instruments, certificates and other documents listed on Schedule II have been duly executed by, and delivered to, the parties hereto and thereto; 

-64- 

(ii) all up-front expenses and fees (including reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket legal fees and any fees required under the Fee Letters) that are required to be paid hereunder or by the Fee Letters and are invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date have been paid in full; 

(iii) the representations contained in Sections 4.01, 4.02 and 4.06 are true and correct in all material
respects (except that any representation qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects as so qualified) (as certified by the Borrower); 

(iv) the Borrower has received all material governmental, shareholder and third party consents and approvals necessary or
reasonably required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and all applicable waiting periods have expired without any action being taken by any Person that could reasonably be expected
to restrain, prevent or impose any material adverse conditions on the Borrower or such other transactions or that could seek or threaten any of the foregoing, and no law or regulation is applicable which could reasonably be expected to have such
effect; 

(v) no action, proceeding or investigation has been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Borrower after due
inquiry, threatened or proposed before any Governmental Authority to enjoin, restrain, or prohibit, or to obtain substantial damages in respect of, or which is related to or arises out of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or which, in the Initial Lenders sole discretion, would make it inadvisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; 

(vi) the Borrower shall have obtained an investment
grade rating (BBB- or higher) from an Acceptable Rating Agency, such as KBRA, and the Initial Lender shall have a received a copy of any rating letter issued in connection therewith; and 

(vii) the Administrative Agent has received all documentation and other information requested by the Administrative Agent
acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders or required by regulatory authorities with respect to the Borrower and the Calculation Agent under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including
the USA PATRIOT Act, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

-65- 

SECTION 3.02 Conditions Precedent to All Advances. Each Advance (including the Initial Advance) is
subject to the further conditions precedent that: 

(a) On the Initial Advance Date for the Initial Advance, the following conditions
precedent have been satisfied (in addition to those conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02(c)): 

(i)
Each Collection Account has been established pursuant to an Account Control Agreement and the Secured Parties have been provided with full access to such account; 

(ii) the Expense Reserve Account has been established pursuant to an Account Control Agreement and the Secured Parties have
been provided with full access to such account; 

(iii) the Operating Account has been established pursuant to an Account
Control Agreement and the Secured Parties have been provided with read-only electronic access to such account; 

(iv) each
Custody Account has been established pursuant to an Account Control Agreement and the Secured Parties have been provided with full access to such account; and 

(v) after giving effect to the use of proceeds for such Initial Advance, the Borrower will, with respect to the Eligible
Portfolio Assets (other than Closing Date Participations) obtain valid ownership interests in such initial pool of Eligible Portfolio Assets and all actions required to be taken or performed under Section 3.04 with respect to the
Transfer of such Eligible Portfolio Assets has been, or will be simultaneously with such Transfer, taken or satisfied. 

(b) On the Advance
Date for an Advance other than the Initial Advance, the following conditions precedent have been satisfied (in addition to those conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02(c)): 

(i) with respect to an Advance to be made to the Borrower in connection with a Delayed Draw, LTV does not exceed 65 %; and 

(ii) with respect to an Advance to be made to the Borrower in connection with the Transfer of Eligible Portfolio Assets of the
Borrower (whether by origination, sale or contribution): 

(A) 

if such Transfer occurs after the Revolving Period, the Initial Lender has consented in writing to such
Transfer (such consent to be given or withheld in the Initial Lenders sole discretion); 

(B) 

the Eligible Portfolio Assets subject to such Transfer are Eligible Portfolio Assets unless the Calculation
Agent otherwise agrees in writing; 

(C) 

[reserved]; and 

(D) 

after giving effect to the use of proceeds of such Advance, the Borrower will obtain valid ownership interests
in such Eligible Portfolio Assets and all actions required to be taken or performed under Section 3.04 with respect to the Transfer of such Eligible Portfolio Assets has been, or will be simultaneously with such Transfer, taken or satisfied.

-66- 

(c) On the Advance Date of an Advance (including the Initial Advance), the following
statements are true and correct and the Borrower by accepting such Advance is deemed to have certified that: 

(i) the
Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Calculation Agent and Initial Lender) a Notice of Borrowing and a Borrowing Base Certificate as provided in Section 2.02(a); 

(ii) on and as of such Advance Date, after giving effect to such Advance and the transactions related thereto, including the
use of proceeds thereof, the Advances Outstanding do not exceed the Maximum Availability on such Advance Date; 

(iii) no
Market Trigger Event or Rating Event (unless waived in writing by the Initial Lender in its sole discretion, which waiver may be by electronic mail), Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from
such Advance or application of proceeds therefrom; 

(iv) the representations contained in Sections 4.01, 4.02
and 4.06 are true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects as so qualified) before and after
giving effect to such Advance and to the application of proceeds therefrom, on and as of such day as though made on and as of such date (or, in the case of any such representation expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such
specific date); 

(v) with respect to the Transfer of any Portfolio Asset on such Advance Date, all actions required to be
taken or performed under Section 3.04 with respect to such Transfer have been taken or satisfied in all material respects; and 

(vi) all expenses and fees (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and any fees required under the Fee
Letters) that are required to be paid hereunder or by the Fee Letters have been paid in full. 

(d) On or prior to the Advance Date for any
Advance, the Borrower has provided to the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent (which may be provided electronically) the Loan Asset Schedule as updated to include each of the Eligible Portfolio Assets included in the Borrowing Base
Certificate delivered in connection with such Advance. 

SECTION 3.03 Advances Do Not Constitute a Waiver. No Advance made hereunder constitutes a
waiver of any condition to any Lenders obligation to make such an Advance unless such waiver is in writing and executed by such Lender. 

-67- 

SECTION 3.04 Conditions to Transfers of Portfolio Assets. Each Transfer of a Portfolio Asset is
subject to the further conditions precedent that: 

(a) if such Transfer occurs after the Revolving Period, the Initial Lender has consented
in writing to such Transfer (such consent to be given or withheld in the Initial Lenders reasonable discretion); 

(b) the Borrower
has delivered to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Custodian, Calculation Agent and Initial Lender) no later than 2:00 p.m. on the date that is one Business Day prior to the related Cut-Off Date (i) a Borrowing Base
Certificate and (ii) a Loan Asset Schedule, in each case reflecting the Transfer of such Portfolio Asset; 

(c) [reserved]; 

(d) all actions required to be taken or performed (including the filing of UCC financing statements) to give the Administrative Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest (subject only to Permitted Liens) in such Portfolio Asset and the proceeds thereof have been taken or performed; and 

(e) no Event of Default exists or would result from such Transfer. 

Each Transfer of a Portfolio Asset pursuant to this Section 3.04 is deemed a representation by the Borrower that the conditions specified in this
Section 3.04 have been met. 

For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section, each Lender that has signed
this Agreement, the Collateral Custodian and the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or
acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender or the Collateral Custodian or the Administrative Agent unless Borrower shall have received notice from such Lender, the Collateral Custodian or the Administrative Agent prior to the proposed Closing Date
specifying its objection thereto. 

ARTICLE IV. 

REPRESENTATIONS 

SECTION 4.01 Representations
of the Borrower. The Borrower hereby represents to the Secured Parties as follows: 

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Due
Qualification. The Borrower is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with all requisite limited liability company power and authority necessary
to own the Portfolio Assets and the Collateral and to conduct its business as such business is presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party.
The Borrower is duly qualified to do business as a limited liability company, and has obtained all licenses and approvals under the laws of the State of Delaware, and in all other jurisdictions necessary to own its assets and to transact the
business in which it is engaged, and is duly qualified, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and in each other jurisdiction where the transaction of such business or its ownership of the Portfolio Assets and the Collateral
and the conduct of its business requires such qualification except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-68- 

(b) Power and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery. The Borrower
(i) has the power, authority and legal right to (A) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (B) perform and carry out the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) has taken all necessary action to (A) authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, (B) grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, subject only to Permitted Liens and (C) authorize the Calculation Agent to perform the actions contemplated herein. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Borrower is a party have been duly executed and
delivered by Holdings and the Borrower. 

(c) Binding Obligation. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which
the Borrower is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as the enforceability hereof and thereof may be limited by Bankruptcy
Laws and by general principles of equity. 

(d) All Consents Required. No consent of any other party and no consent, license,
approval or authorization of, or registration or declaration with, any Governmental Authority, bureau or agency is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to
which it is a party or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any such Transaction Document or the transfer of an ownership interest in the Portfolio Assets or grant of a security interest in the Collateral, other than such as have been
met or obtained and are in full force and effect. 

(e) No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents and all other agreements and instruments executed and delivered or to be executed and delivered in connection with the Transfer of any Portfolio Asset will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of
the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Borrowers certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any
Lien on the Collateral other than Permitted Liens or (iii) violate any Applicable Law in any material respect or (iv) violate any material contract or other material agreement to which the Borrower is a party or by which the or any
property or assets of the Borrower may be bound. 

(f) No Proceedings. There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any properties of the Borrower, before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) seeking to
prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to be adversely determined, and, if so determined, either individually or in the
aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) No Liens. The Collateral is owned by the Borrower
free and clear of any Liens except for Permitted Liens. 

-69- 

(h) Transfer of Collateral. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by the terms of
this Agreement, no item of Collateral has been Sold, assigned or pledged by the Borrower to any Person, other than in accordance with Article II and the grant of a security interest therein in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

(i) Sole Purpose. The Borrower has been formed solely for
the purpose of, and has not engaged in any business activity other than, the acquisition of commercial loans, the pledge and financing thereof and transactions incidental thereto and activities of the type expressly permitted under
Section 5.01(a). The Borrower is not party to any agreements other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the Required Loan Documents and other agreements listed on the Loan Asset Checklist for
each Portfolio Asset in respect of which the Borrower is a lender or loan participant. 

(j) Separate Entity. The Borrower is
operated as an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of the Equityholder (other than for tax purposes), and any Affiliates thereof, and the Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are entering into
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in reliance upon the Borrowers identity as a separate legal entity from the Equityholder, and from each such other Affiliate of the Equityholder (other than for tax purposes). 

(k) No Injunctions. To the knowledge of the Borrower after due inquiry, no injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any
nature adversely affects the Borrowers performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which the Borrower is a party. 

(l) Taxes. All tax returns (including all foreign, federal, State, local and other tax returns whether filed on a standalone or group
basis) required to be filed by, on behalf of or with respect to the income and assets of the Borrower (Including the Collateral) have been timely filed and the Borrower is not liable for Taxes payable by any other Person, except as could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower has paid or made adequate provisions for the payment of all Taxes made against it or any of its property (including the Collateral) except for those Taxes being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which it has established proper reserves in accordance with GAAP on its books or as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Other than Permitted Liens, no Tax Lien or
similar adverse claim has been filed, and no claim is being asserted in writing, with respect to any such Tax. 

(m) Location. Except
as permitted pursuant to Section 5.02(n), the Borrowers location (within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC) is Delaware. Except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.02(n), the principal place of business and chief
executive office of the Borrower (and the location of the Borrowers records regarding the Collateral (other than those delivered to the Collateral Custodian pursuant to this Agreement)) is located at the address set forth under its name in
Section 11.02. 

(n) Tradenames. Except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.02(n), the Borrowers legal
name is as set forth in this Agreement. Except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.02(n), the Borrower has not changed its name since its formation; does not have tradenames, fictitious names, assumed names or doing business
as names. The Borrowers only jurisdiction of formation is Delaware, and, except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.02(n), the Borrower has not changed its jurisdiction of formation. 

-70- 

(o) No Subsidiaries. The Borrower does not own or hold the equity interests in any
other Person. 

(p) Reports Accurate. All Notices of Borrowing, Borrowing Base Certificates and other written or electronic
information, exhibits, financial statements, documents, books, records or reports furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Initial Lender or the Collateral Custodian in connection with this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents are accurate, true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, and no such document contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein not materially misleading as of the date hereof; provided that solely with respect to written or electronic information (other than information presented in a Notice of Borrowing or Borrowing Base Certificate) furnished by
the Borrower which was provided to the Borrower from an Obligor or any of its Affiliates or representatives with respect to a Portfolio Asset, such information need only be accurate, true and correct to the knowledge of the Borrower. 

(q) Exchange Act Compliance; Regulations T, U and X. None of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Transaction Documents
(including the use of Proceeds from the sale of any item in the Collateral) will violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of the Exchange Act or Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R.,
Chapter II. The Borrower does not own or intend to carry or purchase, and no proceeds from the Advances will be used to carry or purchase, any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U or to extend purpose credit within
the meaning of Regulation U. 

(r) Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default. No event has occurred which constitutes an Event
of Default or Unmatured Event of Default, in each case, which has not been previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent and Initial Lender in writing. 

(s) ERISA. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) the present value of all vested benefit obligations under each employee pension benefit plan as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is
sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of the Borrower or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of the Borrower contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or has any liability (each, a Pension
Plan), did not, as of the last annual valuation date for the Pension Plan, exceed the fair market value of the assets of the Pension Plan allocable to such vested benefit obligations, as determined in accordance with the assumptions used
for funding such Pension Plan pursuant to Sections 412 and 430 of the Code for the applicable plan year, (ii) no failure by the Borrower to meet the minimum funding standard set forth in Sections 302(a) or 303 of ERISA and Sections 412(a) and
430 of the Code has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan, (iii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate of the Borrower has withdrawn from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a
substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), (iv) no Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan, (v) no notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan has been filed by the plan
administrator under Section 4041 of ERISA, nor has any Pension Plan been terminated under Section 4041 of ERISA and (vi) the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation has not instituted proceedings to terminate, or appointed a trustee to
administer, a Pension Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA, and no event has occurred or condition exists which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension
Plan. 

-71- 

(t) Broker-Dealer. The Borrower is not a broker-dealer or subject to the Securities
Investor Protection Act of 1970. 

(u) Instructions for Collections. The Collection Accounts are the only accounts to which the
Obligors or any agent, administrative agent, Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent have been instructed by the Borrower, or the Portfolio Asset Servicer on the Borrowers behalf, to send Collections with respect to the Portfolio Assets. The
Borrower has not granted any Person other than the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, an interest in the Collection Accounts, Expense Reserve Account, Operating Account or Custody Accounts. 

(v) Portfolio Asset Assignments. Other than Portfolio Assets originated by the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Assignments are the only
agreements pursuant to which the Borrower may acquire Portfolio Assets. The Borrower accounts for each Transfer of a Portfolio Asset under a Portfolio Asset Assignment as a full Transfer of such Portfolio Asset in the books and Records of the
Borrower. 

(w) Investment Company Act. Assuming the Lenders are Qualified Purchasers, the Borrower is not required to register as an
investment company under the provisions of the 1940 Act. 

(x) Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower has complied with all Applicable Law to which it may be subject, and no item of the Collateral contravenes any Applicable Law (including
all applicable predatory and abusive lending laws, laws, rules and regulations relating to licensing, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy). 

(y) Collections. All Collections received by the Borrower or its Affiliates with respect to the Collateral are held in trust for the
benefit of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, until deposited into the Collection Accounts as provided herein. 

(z) Set-Off etc. No Portfolio Asset has been compromised, adjusted, extended, satisfied, subordinated, rescinded, set-off or modified by
the Borrower, or the Obligor thereof, and no item in the Collateral is subject to compromise, adjustment, extension, satisfaction, subordination, rescission, set-off, counterclaim, defense, abatement, suspension, deferment, deduction, reduction,
termination or modification, whether arising out of transactions concerning the Collateral or otherwise, by the Borrower or the Obligor with respect thereto, except, in each case, for amendments, extensions and modifications, if any, permitted
pursuant to Section 11.01. 

(aa) Environmental. With respect to each item of Underlying Collateral as of the applicable
Cut-Off Date for the Portfolio Asset related to such Underlying Collateral, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, except as expressly provided in the Loan Asset Schedule for such Portfolio Asset prior to such Cut-Off
Date: (i) the related Obligors operations comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) none of the related Obligors operations is the subject of a Federal or State investigation evaluating
whether any remedial action, involving expenditures, is needed to respond to a release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment; and (iii) the related Obligor does not have any material contingent liability in connection with any release of
any Hazardous Materials into the environment. As of the applicable Cut-Off Date for the Portfolio Asset related to such Underlying Collateral, the Borrower has not received any written notice of, or inquiry from any Governmental Authority regarding,
any violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Underlying Collateral. 

-72- 

(bb) Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions / International Trade Law Compliance / Anti-Money
Laundering Laws. As of the date of this Agreement and each Payment Date and at all times until this Agreement has been terminated and all amounts hereunder have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash, that: (i) no Borrower Covered Entity
(A) is a Sanctioned Person; (B) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions; (C) does business in or with, or
derives any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions; or (D) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any
Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws; (ii) the proceeds of this Agreement will not be used, directly or knowingly indirectly, by the Borrower, or to the Borrowers knowledge by any other Person, to fund any operations
in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Applicable Law; (iii) the funds used to any Secured Party, to the extent received from the Borrower, are not
directly or, knowingly, indirectly derived from any unlawful activity; and (iv) to the Borrowers knowledge, the Borrower Covered Entity is in compliance with, and no Borrower Covered Entity directly or knowingly indirectly engages in any
dealings or transactions prohibited by, any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws, or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Borrower covenants and agrees that it shall promptly notify the Calculation Agent in writing upon the occurrence
of a Reportable Compliance Event with respect to the Borrower Covered Entity, except to the extent such notice is prohibited by Applicable Law. 

(cc) Security Interest. 

(i) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Collateral in
favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other Liens (except for Permitted Liens), and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from the Borrower. 

(ii) The Collateral is comprised of instruments, financial assets, security entitlements,
general intangibles, chattel paper, accounts, certificated securities, uncertificated securities, securities accounts, deposit accounts, supporting
obligations or insurance (each as defined in the applicable UCC), and the proceeds of the foregoing, or such other category of collateral under the applicable UCC as to which the Borrower has complied with its obligations under
this Section 4.01(cc). 

(iii) Each Collection Account, Expense Reserve Account, Operating Account and Custody
Account is not in the name of any Person other than the Borrower, subject to the lien of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. As of the First Amendment Effective Date, all of the Accounts of the Borrower are set forth on
Schedule V hereto and are subject to an Account Control Agreement. 

(iv) Each of the Collection Account, Expense
Reserve Account, Operating Account and Custody Account constitute a securities account or deposit account, as applicable as defined in the applicable UCC. 

-73- 

(v) The Borrower, the Account Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral
Custodian, the Portfolio Asset Servicer and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, have entered into an Account Control Agreement with respect to each Collection Account, Expense Reserve Account, Operating Account and Custody
Account. 

(vi) The Borrower has authorized the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office
in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the security interest in the Collateral and that portion of the Portfolio Assets in which a security interest granted to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured
Parties, under this Agreement may be perfected by filing; provided that filings in respect of real property shall not be required. 

(vii) Other than as expressly permitted by the terms of the Transaction Documents, this Agreement and the security interest
granted to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement, the Borrower has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral. The Borrower has not
authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Borrower that include a description of collateral covering the Collateral other than any financing statement (A) that has been terminated or fully and validly
assigned to the Administrative Agent or (B) reflecting the transfer of assets on a Release Date pursuant to (and simultaneously with or subsequent to) the consummation of any transaction contemplated under (and in compliance with the conditions
set forth in) Section 2.10. The Borrower is not aware of the filing of any judgment or Tax lien filings against the Borrower, other than Permitted Liens. 

(viii) None of the underlying promissory notes or related loan registers or Participation Agreements or related Participation
Registers, as applicable, that constitute or evidence the Portfolio Assets has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured
Parties. 

(ix) With respect to any Collateral that constitutes a certificated security, such certificated
security has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if in registered form, has been specially Indorsed to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or in blank by an effective
Indorsement or has been registered in the name of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, upon original issue or registration of transfer by the Borrower of such certificated security. 

(x) With respect to any Collateral that constitutes an uncertificated security, the Borrower either (x) has
caused the issuer of such uncertificated security to register the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as the registered owner of such uncertificated security or (y) has caused the issuer of such uncertificated security to
agree to comply with instructions of the Administrative Agent without further consent of the Borrower. 

(dd) Non-Exempt. The
Borrower is not a Non-Exempt Person. 

(ee) No Other Accounts. The Borrower has not established any Account other than the Accounts
specified on Schedule V hereto. 

-74- 

SECTION 4.02 Representations of the Borrower Relating to the Agreement and the Collateral. The
Borrower hereby represents to the Secured Parties as follows: 

(a) Eligibility of Collateral. (i) The Loan Asset Schedule, the
Borrowing Base Certificate and the information contained in each Notice of Borrowing is an accurate and complete listing of all the Portfolio Assets contained in the Collateral as of the related Cut-Off Date or Advance Date, as applicable, and the
information contained therein with respect to the identity of such item of the Collateral and the amounts owing thereunder is true and correct in all material respects as of the related Cut-Off Date or Advance Date, as applicable, (ii) each
such Portfolio Asset designated on the Loan Asset Schedule or any Borrowing Base Certificate as an Eligible Portfolio Asset and each such Portfolio Asset included as an Eligible Portfolio Asset in any calculation of the Borrowing Base is an Eligible
Portfolio Asset of the kind (i.e., Senior Loan, Junior Loan, Asset Based Loan, Recurring Revenue Loan or Senior Note) specified therein, (iii) the Borrower has complied in all material respects with the requirements of this Agreement, including
Article IX, with respect to each such Portfolio Asset, including delivery to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Calculation Agent and Initial Lender) of the Required Loan Documents therefor as provided in Section 5.01(g)
and (iv) with respect to each such item of Collateral, all consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of or registrations or declarations of any Governmental Authority or any Person required to be obtained, effected or given by the
Borrower in connection with the grant of a security interest in each item of Collateral to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect. For the
avoidance of doubt, any inaccurate representation that a Portfolio Asset is an Eligible Portfolio Asset hereunder shall not constitute an Event of Default if the aggregate Advances Outstanding do not exceed the Maximum Availability assuming such
Portfolio Asset was not included as an Eligible Portfolio Asset in the calculation of the Borrowing Base. 

(b) No Fraud. To the
knowledge of the Borrower, each Portfolio Asset was originated without any fraud or misrepresentation on the part of the Obligor or Transferor, if any, of such Portfolio Asset. 

SECTION 4.03 Representations of the Calculation Agent and the Portfolio Asset Servicer. The Calculation Agent and the Portfolio Asset Servicer each
hereby represents, solely with respect to itself, as of the Closing Date, as of each applicable Cut-Off Date, as of each applicable Advance Date and as of each Reporting Date, as follows: 

(a) Organization; Power and Authority. It is a duly organized and validly existing as (i) a limited liability company in good
standing under the laws of Delaware in the case of the Calculation Agent and (ii) a statutory trustcorporation in good standing under the laws of DelawareMaryland in the case of the Portfolio Asset Servicer. It has full power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations as the Applicable Servicer under this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party. 

(b) Due Authorization. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein and therein have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action on its part. 

-75- 

(c) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby and the fulfillment of the terms hereof or thereof will not conflict with, result in any breach of its organizational documents or any
of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material indenture, contract, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, or other instrument to which the Applicable Servicer is a party or
by which it or any of its property is bound. 

(d) No Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not conflict with or violate, in any material respect, any Applicable Law if compliance therewith is
necessary (i) to ensure the enforceability of any Portfolio Asset or (ii) for the Applicable Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(e) All Consents Required; No Proceedings or Injunction. All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any Person
or Governmental Authority applicable to the Applicable Servicer, required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the performance by the Applicable Servicer of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the fulfillment by the Applicable Servicer of the terms hereof and thereof have been obtained to the extent reasonably necessary (i) to ensure the enforceability of any Portfolio Asset or
(ii) for Applicable Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Applicable Servicer, threatened against
the Applicable Servicer, before any Governmental Authority (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or (B) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party. No injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature materially and adversely affects the Applicable Servicers performance of its
obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which the Applicable Servicer is a party. 

(f) Validity, Etc. The
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Applicable Servicer, enforceable against the Applicable Servicer in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable Bankruptcy Laws and general principles of equity. 

(g) Reports Accurate. All Servicing
Reports and other written or electronic information, exhibits, financial statements, documents, books, records or reports, in all cases, prepared and furnished by the Applicable Servicer to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Custodian in
connection with this Agreement are, as of their date, accurate, true and correct in all material respects, and no such document contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein not materially misleading; provided, that, for the purposes of the production by the Applicable Servicer of any reports, documents or information required under this Agreement, the Applicable Servicer may conclusively rely
(absent bad faith or manifest error, and without investigation, inquiry, independent verification or any duty or obligation to recompute, verify, or recalculate any of the amounts and other information contained in) on any reports, documents or
information provided to it by any Obligor or any other third party without any liability to the Applicable Servicer for such reliance. 

-76- 

(h) Servicing Standard. The Applicable Servicer has complied in all material respects
with the Servicing Standard with regard to the servicing of the Portfolio Assets. 

(i) Collections. All Collections received by the
Portfolio Asset Servicer or its Affiliates with respect to the Collateral are held for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, until deposited into the Collection Accounts as provided herein. 

(j) Servicer Termination Event. No event has occurred which constitutes a Servicer Termination Event (other than any Servicer
Termination Event which has previously been disclosed to the Administrative Agent as such). 

SECTION 4.04 Representations of each Lender. 

(a) Qualified Purchaser. Each Lender hereby represents, as to itself, that it is a Qualified Purchaser. 

SECTION 4.05 Representations of the Collateral Custodian. The Collateral Custodian represents, as of the Closing Date and as of each Cut-Off Date, as
follows: 

(a) Organization; Power and Authority. It is duly organized and validly existing as a national banking association in good
standing under the laws of the United States. It has full corporate power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations as Collateral Custodian under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a
party. 

(b) Due Authorization. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a
party and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein and therein have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action on its part. 

(c) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not conflict with, result in any breach of its organizational documents. 

(d) No Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not conflict with or violate, in any respect, any Applicable Law if compliance therewith is necessary for the Collateral
Custodian to perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(e) [Reserved]. 

(f) Validity, Etc. The Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Collateral Custodian, enforceable against the Collateral Custodian in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Bankruptcy Laws and general principles of equity. 

(g) [Reserved]. 

-77- 

SECTION 4.06 Representations of Holdings. Holdings hereby represents to the Secured Parties as
follows: 

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Due Qualification. Holdings is a statutory
trustcorporation duly organizedincorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of DelawareMaryland, with all requisite power and authority necessary to grant a
security interest in the Pledged Equity and to conduct its business as such business is presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Holdings
is duly qualified to do business as a statutory
trustcorporation, and has obtained all licenses
and approvals under the laws of the State of
DelawareMaryland
, and in all other jurisdictions necessary to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged, and is duly qualified, and in good standing under the laws of the State of DelawareMaryland, and in each other jurisdiction where the transaction of such business or its ownership of the Portfolio Assets and the Collateral and the conduct of its business requires such qualification except as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Power and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and
Delivery. Holdings (i) has the power, authority and legal right to (A) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (B) perform and carry out the terms of this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (ii) has taken all necessary action to (A) authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (B) grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest in the Pledged Equity on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, subject only to Permitted Liens. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Holdings is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. 

(c) Binding Obligation. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to Holdings is a party constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of Holdings, enforceable against Holdings in accordance with their respective terms, except as the enforceability hereof and thereof may be limited by Bankruptcy Laws and by general principles of equity. 

(d) All Consents Required. No consent of any other party and no consent, license, approval or authorization of, or registration or
declaration with, any Governmental Authority, bureau or agency is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party or the validity or
enforceability of this Agreement or any such Transaction Document or grant of a security interest in the Pledged Equity, other than such as have been met or obtained and are in full force and effect. 

(e) No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents will not
(i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the certificate of formation or limited partnership agreement of Holdings
(ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on the Pledged Equity other than Permitted Liens, (iii) violate any Applicable Law in any material respect or (iv) violate any material contract or other material agreement to
which Holdings is a party or by which the or any property or assets of Holdings may be bound. 

-78- 

(f) No Proceedings; No Injunctions. There is no litigation, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings, threatened against Holdings or any properties of Holdings, before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document,
(ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to be adversely determined, and, if so determined, either
individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature adversely affects, in any material respect, Holdings performance of its
obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which Holdings is a party. 

(g) [Reserved]. 

(h) No Liens. The Pledged Equity is owned by Holdings free and clear of any Liens except for Permitted Liens. 

(i) Investment Company Act. Holdings (i) is not required to register as an investment company under the provisions of
the 1940 Act
and, (ii) has elected to be regulated as a
business development company for purposes of the 1940 Act. 

(j) Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, Holdings has complied with all Applicable Law to which it may be subject. 

(k) Security Interest. 

(i) The Pledged Equity issued by the Borrower has been duly and validly authorized and issued by the Borrower. 

(ii) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Pledged Equity
in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other Liens (except for Permitted Liens), and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from Holdings. 

(iii) Holdings has authorized the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate
jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the security interest in the Pledged Equity. 

(iv) Other than as
expressly permitted by the terms of the Transaction Documents, this Agreement and the security interest granted to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement, Holdings has not pledged, assigned, sold,
granted a security interest in or otherwise conveyed any of the Pledged Equity. Holdings has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against Holdings that include a description of collateral covering the Pledged
Equity. Holdings is not aware of the filing of any judgment or Tax lien filings against Holdings, other than Permitted Liens. 

(v) Holdings consents to the transfer of any Pledged Equity to the Administrative Agent or its designee, following, and during
the occurrence of, an Event of Default and to the substitution of the Administrative Agent or its designee as a member in the Borrower with all the rights and powers related thereto, subject to the terms of this Agreement. 

-79- 

(vi) The Pledged Equity shall not be represented by a certificate unless
(A) the limited liability company agreement of the Borrower expressly provides that such interest shall be a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC of the applicable jurisdiction and (B) such certificate shall be
delivered as provided in clause (vii) below. 

(vii) If any portion of the Pledged Equity constitutes a
certificated security, such certificated security has been delivered to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if in registered form, has been specially Indorsed to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of
the Secured Parties, or in blank by an effective Indorsement or has been registered in the name of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, upon original issue or registration of transfer by Holdings of such certificated
security. 

(viii) If any portion of the Pledged Equity constitutes an uncertificated security, the Borrower
hereby agrees to comply with instructions of the Administrative Agent, given at the direction of the Majority Lenders, with respect to such Pledged Equity without further consent of Holdings. 

(ix) Except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.08(f), Holdings location (within the meaning of Article 9 of
the UCC) is Delaware. Except as permitted pursuant to Section 5.08(f), the principal place of business and chief executive office of Holdings (and the location of Holdings records regarding the Pledged Equity (other than those
delivered to the Collateral Custodian pursuant to this Agreement)) is located at the address set forth under its name in Section 11.02. 

(l) Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions /International Trade Law Compliance /Anti-Money Laundering Laws. As of the date of this Agreement,
each Payment Date and at all times until this Agreement has been terminated and all amounts hereunder have been paid in full, that: (i) no Holdings Covered Entity (A) is a Sanctioned Person, (B) has any of its assets in a Sanctioned
Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, (C) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned
Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions or (D) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws, or Anti-Money Laundering Laws;
(ii) the proceeds of this Agreement will not be used, directly or knowingly indirectly, by the Borrower, or to any of the Borrowers knowledge by any other Person, to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or,
make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Law; (iii) the funds used to pay the Calculation Agent, to the extent received from Holdings, are not directly or knowingly indirectly derived from any unlawful
activity; and (iv) to Holdings knowledge, each Holdings Covered Entity is in compliance with, and no Holdings Covered Entity directly or knowingly indirectly engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by, any Anti-Terrorism Laws
and Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws, or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Holdings covenants and agrees that it shall promptly notify the Calculation Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event with respect to any Holdings
Covered Entity, except to the extent such notice is prohibited by Applicable Law. 

-80- 

(m) Non-Exempt. Holdings is not a Non-Exempt Person. 

(n) No Other Accounts. The Borrower has not established any Account other than the Accounts specified on Schedule V hereto. 

ARTICLE V. 

GENERAL COVENANTS 

SECTION 5.01 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower. From the Closing Date until the Facility Termination Date: 

(a) Organizational Procedures and Scope of Business. The Borrower will observe all organizational procedures required by its certificate
of formation, limited liability company agreement and the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower will limit the scope of its business to those set forth in its limited liability company agreement,
including: (i) the acquisition and origination of and investments in Portfolio Assets and the ownership and management of the related Portfolio Assets; (ii) the Sale or Substitution of Portfolio Assets as and when permitted under the
Transaction Documents; (iii) entering into and performing under the Transaction Documents; (iv) consenting or withholding consent as to proposed amendments, waivers and other modifications of the Loan Agreements to the extent not in conflict
with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (v) exercising any rights (including but not limited to voting rights and rights arising in connection with a Bankruptcy Event with respect to an Obligor or the consensual or
non-judicial restructuring of the debt or equity of an Obligor) or remedies in connection with the Portfolio Assets and participating in the committees (official or otherwise) or other groups formed by creditors of an Obligor to the extent not in
conflict with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; and (vi) engaging in any activity and to exercise any powers permitted to limited liability companies under the laws of the State of Delaware that are related or
incidental to the foregoing and necessary, convenient or advisable to accomplish the foregoing. 

(b) Special Purpose Entity
Requirements. The Borrower at all times shall comply in all material respects with the special purpose covenants set forth in Section 9(j) of its amended and restated limited liability company agreement as in effect on the Closing Date
except to the extent that the failure to so comply will not adversely affect the separateness or bankruptcy remoteness of the Borrower and not have an adverse impact on the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties. Borrower shall at all times
provide (and at all times Borrowers organizational documents shall reflect) that the unanimous consent of all members (including the consent of the Independent Manager) is required for Borrower to (i) dissolve or liquidate, in whole or
part, or institute proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) institute or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, (iii) file a petition seeking or consent to reorganization or relief
under any applicable federal or State law relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, (iv) seek or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, custodian or any similar official for Borrower, (v) make
any assignment for the benefit of Borrowers creditors or (vi) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due. 

(c) Preservation of Company Existence. Subject to Section 5.02(f), the Borrower will preserve and maintain its limited
liability company existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its formation and will promptly obtain and thereafter maintain qualifications to do business as a foreign limited liability company in any other jurisdiction in
which it does business and in which it is required to so qualify under Applicable Law except where the failure to so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-81- 

(d) Deposit of Misdirected Collections. The Borrower shall promptly (but in no event
later than two (2) Business Days after receipt and identification thereof) deposit or cause to be deposited into the Collection Accounts any and all Collections received by the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Servicer or any of its Affiliates.

(e) Underlying Obligor Default. The Borrower shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Calculation
Agent of any Underlying Obligor Default with respect to any Portfolio Asset as promptly as possible after learning thereof. 

(f)
Material Modifications and Underlying Obligor Default. 

(i) The Borrower shall give prior written notice to the
Lenders of any proposed Material Modification with respect to any Portfolio Asset. The Majority Lenders shall have a consent right, after consultation with the Borrower, for each Material Modification. If such consent is not obtained, the Borrower
may proceed with such Material Modification, but the value of such Portfolio Asset subject to the Material Modification used to determine the Total Portfolio Value, will be reduced to 50% of outstanding par until the Loan Asset has a valuation from
an independent third party service provider no sooner than 90 days (unless otherwise agreed to by the Initial Lender) after such Material Modification, at which time the new Loan Asset valuation shall be reflected in the calculations of the Total
Portfolio Value. 

(ii) The Borrower shall give written notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Custodian of any occurrence
of any Underlying Obligor Default after the Closing Date with respect to any Portfolio Asset promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof. The value used to determine the Total Portfolio Value of any Portfolio Asset for which (A) an Underlying
Obligor Default pursuant to clause (a) thereof has occurred and is continuing will be reduced to 50% of the outstanding par, or if such Underlying Obligor Default continues for more than 30 days, will be reduced to zero, and (B) an
Underlying Obligor Default pursuant to clause (c) thereof has occurred and is continuing will be reduced to zero. 

(g) Required
Loan Documents. The Borrower (or the Portfolio Asset Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) shall deliver to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Calculation Agent and Initial Lender) the Required Loan Documents and the Loan Asset Checklist
pertaining to each Portfolio Asset, not later than five (5) Business Days after the Cut-Off Date pertaining to such Portfolio Asset (or such later date as the Initial Lender may agree). 

(h) Notice of Event of Default. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, if KBRA is providing a rating with respect to
the Borrower, KBRA) with prompt (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) written notice of the occurrence of each Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default of which the Borrower has knowledge or has received notice and no later than
three (3) Business Days following such written notice, the Borrower will provide to the Administrative Agent a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of such event and the action that the Borrower
proposes to take with respect thereto. 

-82- 

(i) Notice of Material Events. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative
Agent (and, if KBRA is providing a rating with respect to the Borrower, KBRA) of any event or other circumstance known to the Borrower that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j) Notice of Litigation. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (and, if KBRA is providing a rating with respect
to the Borrower, KBRA) of the filing or commencement of any action, suit, investigation or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, including pursuant to any
applicable Environmental Laws, that could reasonably be expected to be adversely determined, and, if so determined, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower in an aggregate amount exceeding $5,000,000. 

(k) Notice of ERISA Reportable Events. The Borrower shall (x) promptly notify the Administrative Agent (and, if KBRA is providing a
rating with respect to the Borrower, KBRA) after receiving notice of the occurrence of any Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan, except for Reportable Events that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
and (y) promptly after notifying the Administrative Agent of such a Reportable Event, shall provide the Administrative Agent with a copy of the notice received concerning the occurrence of the Reportable Event. 

(l) Notice of Accounting Changes. Promptly and in any event within three (3) Business Days after the effective date thereof, the
Borrower will provide to the Administrative Agent notice of any material change in the accounting policies of the Borrower. 

(m)
Additional Information; Additional Documents. The Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent and the Initial Lender with any financial or other information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Initial Lender evidencing
the truthfulness of the representations set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this provision, the Borrower and its Affiliates will not be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or
abstracts of, or discuss, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender
(or their respective representatives or agents) is prohibited by contract, law, rule, regulation or order or (iii) in the Borrowers or Affiliates reasonable judgment, would compromise any attorney-client privilege, privilege
afforded to attorney work product or similar privilege; provided, that, the Borrower shall make available redacted versions of requested documents or, if unable to do so consistent with the preservation of such privilege, shall make
commercially reasonable efforts to disclose information responsive to the requests of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective representatives and agents, in a manner that will protect such privilege. 

(n) Protection of Security Interest. The Borrower will take all action reasonably necessary to perfect, protect and more fully evidence
the Borrowers ownership of the Collateral free and clear of any Lien other than the Lien created hereunder and Permitted Liens, including (i) with respect to the Portfolio Assets and that portion of the Collateral in which a security
interest may be perfected by filing, filing and maintaining (at the expense of the Borrower) effective financing statements against any Transferor in all necessary or appropriate filing offices, (including any amendments thereto or assignments
thereof) and filing continuation statements, amendments or assignments with respect 

-83- 

thereto in such filing offices, (including any amendments thereto or assignments thereof), (ii) executing or causing to be executed such other instruments or notices as may be necessary or
reasonably appropriate, (iii) at the expense of the Borrower, take all action necessary to cause a valid, subsisting and enforceable first priority perfected security interest, subject only to Permitted Liens, to exist in favor of the
Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Borrowers interests in the Collateral, including the filing of a UCC financing statement in the applicable jurisdiction adequately describing the Collateral (which may
include an all asset filing), and naming the Borrower as debtor and the Administrative Agent as the secured party, and filing continuation statements, amendments or assignments with respect thereto in such filing offices (including any
amendments thereto or assignments thereof) and (iv) take all additional action that the Calculation Agent or the Administrative Agent, acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders, may reasonably request to perfect, protect and more fully
evidence the respective first priority (subject to Permitted Liens) perfected security interests of the parties to this Agreement in the Collateral, or to enable the Calculation Agent or the Administrative Agent to exercise or enforce any of their
respective rights hereunder. 

(o) Liens. The Borrower will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of the existence of any material
Lien on the Collateral known to the Borrower (other than Permitted Liens) and the Borrower shall defend the right, title and interest of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in, to and under the Collateral against all
claims of third parties to the extent commercially reasonable to do so (as determined by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion), other than with respect to Permitted Liens. 

(p) No Changes in Fees. The Borrower will not make any changes to the Fees or amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify the Fee
Letters in any material respect without the prior written approval of the Initial Lender and the Majority Lenders. 

(q) Compliance with
Applicable Law. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower shall at all times comply with all Applicable Law (including Environmental Laws, and all federal
securities laws). 

(r) Proper Records. The Borrower shall at all times keep proper books of records and accounts in which full, true
and correct entries shall be made of its transactions in accordance with GAAP and set aside on its books from its earning for each fiscal year all such proper reserves in accordance with GAAP. The Borrower shall account for the Transfer to it from
the Transferor of any Portfolio Asset under each Portfolio Asset Assignment as a Transfer of such Portfolio Asset in its books and Records. 

(s) Satisfaction of Obligations. The Borrower shall pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become
delinquent, as the case may be, all its obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves with respect thereto have been provided on the
books of the Borrower. 

(t) Payment of Taxes. The Borrower shall pay and discharge all income and other material Taxes, levies,
Liens and other charges on it or its assets and on the Collateral that, with respect to the Borrower, in each case, in any manner would create any Lien or charge upon such Collateral, except for any Permitted Liens or as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-84- 

(u) Tax Treatment. The Borrower and the Lenders shall treat the Advances advanced
hereunder as indebtedness of the Borrower (or, so long as the Borrower is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as indebtedness of the entity of which it is considered to be a part) for U.S. federal income tax
purposes and to file any and all tax forms in a manner consistent therewith. 

(v) Notification Forms. After the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Borrower shall furnish the Calculation Agent and Administrative Agent with an appropriate power of attorney to send (at the direction of the Majority Lenders to the Administrative Agent)
notification forms to the Obligors or any agent, administrative agent, Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent of the Administrative Agents interest in the Collateral and the obligation to make payments as directed by the Administrative Agent
(acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders). 

(w) Disregarded Entity. The Borrower will be disregarded as an entity separate
from its owner pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(b), and neither the Borrower nor any other Person on its behalf shall make an election to be, or take any other action that is reasonably likely to result in the Borrower being,
treated as other than an entity disregarded from its owner under Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(c). 

(x) Access to
Records. From time to time and, prior the occurrence and continuance of an Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default, upon not less than five (5) Business Days advance notice, permit the Administrative Agent or any Person designated by
the Administrative Agent and at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower, to, during normal hours, visit and inspect at reasonable intervals its and any Person to which it delegates any of its duties under the Transaction Documents books, records
and accounts relating to its business, financial condition, operations, assets and its performance under the Transaction Documents, and to make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss the foregoing with its and such Persons
officers, partners, employees and accountants, all as often as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may reasonably request; provided that (i) the Administrative Agent shall use all reasonable efforts
to coordinate their inspections and (ii) so long as an Event of Default has not occurred or is continuing, the Borrower shall be responsible for the cost and expense of no more than one site visit in any calendar year. 

(y) Anti-Money Laundering and International Trade Laws. The Borrower shall maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to
promote compliance by such Borrower and its directors, managers, officers, employees, and agents with applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, and Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(z) Financial Reporting. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and each Lender, as soon as
available, and in any event (i) within 60 days after the end of the Funds first three fiscal quarters of a given year and within 90 days after the end of the Funds last fiscal quarter of a given year, the unaudited financial reports
of the Fund and related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal quarter, results of
operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Fund; provided that, with respect to the Funds last
fiscal quarter of 2024, the Fund shall provide the financial reporting mutually agreed to by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and (ii) within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Fund, the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Fund at the end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated statements of income or
operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Fund, as
applicable, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. 

-85- 

SECTION 5.02 Negative Covenants of the Borrower. From the Closing Date until the Facility Termination
Date: 

(a) Requirements for Material Actions. The Borrower shall at all times maintain at least one Independent Director and shall
not fail to provide (and at all times the Borrowers organizational documents shall reflect) that the unanimous consent of all members (including the consent of the Independent Director) is required for the Borrower to (i) dissolve or
liquidate, in whole or part, or institute proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) institute or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, (iii) file a petition seeking or consent to
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or State law relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, (iv) seek or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, custodian or any similar official for the
Borrower, (v) make any assignment for the benefit of the Borrowers creditors or (vi) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due. 

(b) Protection of Title. Except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement, the Borrower shall not take any action which would directly
or indirectly materially impair or adversely affect the Borrowers title to the Collateral. 

(c) Transfer Limitations. Except
as permitted pursuant to Section 2.10, the Borrower shall not transfer, assign, convey, grant, bargain, sell, set over, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or pledge or hypothecate, directly or indirectly, any interest in the Collateral to
any Person other than the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties or in connection with Permitted Liens, or engage in financing transactions or similar transactions with respect to the Collateral with any Person other than
pursuant to this Agreement. 

(d) Indebtedness; Liens. The Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
Indebtedness other than the Obligations. The Borrower shall not create, incur or permit to exist any Lien in or on any of the Collateral subject to the Lien granted by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, other than Permitted Liens. 

(e) Organizational Documents. The Borrower shall not modify or terminate any of the organizational or operational documents of the
Borrower in any manner that would materially and adversely affect the interests of the Lenders without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders and, if KBRA is providing a rating with respect to the Borrower, written notice to KBRA. 

(f) Merger, Acquisitions, Sales, etc. The Borrower shall not change its organizational structure, enter into any transaction of merger
or consolidation or amalgamation or Sale (other than pursuant to Section 2.10), or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation, winding up or dissolution) in any manner that would materially and adversely affect the
interests of the Lenders without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders and, if KBRA is providing a rating with respect to the Borrower, written notice to KBRA. 

-86- 

(g) Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall not use the proceeds of the Advances other
than to (i) finance the Borrowers origination and/or purchase of Eligible Portfolio Assets, (ii) pay fees and expenses (excluding interest payments due hereunder) due and payable hereunder and with respect to Eligible Portfolio
Assets and (iii) to make Restricted Junior Payments permitted in accordance with Section 5.02(k). The Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Advances in any other manner that would result in a violation of any
Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws by any Person. 

(h) Limited Assets. The Borrower shall not hold or own any
assets other than Loan Assets and Portfolio Assets or as otherwise contemplated by Section 5.01(a). 

(i) Tax Treatment.
Neither Borrower nor any other Person on Borrowers behalf shall make an election to be, or take any other action that is reasonably likely to result in the Borrower being treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the
Borrower shall take all steps necessary to avoid being treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(j) Portfolio
Asset Assignments. The Borrower will not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any Portfolio Asset Assignment in any manner that would materially and adversely affect the interests of the Lenders without the prior written consent of
the Majority Lenders. 

(k) Restricted Junior Payments. The Borrower shall not make (i) any Restricted Junior Payment, except
either (A) as expressly permitted under Sections 2.08 and 2.10, (B) with amounts on deposit in the Operating Account (other than amounts constituting proceeds of an Advance) so long as no Event of Default has occurred or
would result therefrom, or (C) in connection with the use of proceeds of an Advance so long as no Event of Default has occurred or would result therefrom and pro forma LTV is equal to or less than 60%, or (ii) distributions of Portfolio
Assets except as expressly contemplated under Section 2.10. 

(l) ERISA Matters. Except as would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower will not (i) fail to meet the minimum funding standards set forth in Sections 302(a) and 303 of ERISA and Sections 412(a) and 430 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan,
(ii) fail to make any payments to a Multiemployer Plan that the Borrower may be required to make under the agreement relating to such Multiemployer Plan or any law pertaining thereto, (iii) terminate any Pension Plan so as to result,
directly or indirectly in any liability to the Borrower or (iv) permit to exist any occurrence of any Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan. The Borrower will at no time hold plan assets as such term is defined by
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 

(m) Instructions Regarding Payments. The Borrower will not make any change, or permit the Portfolio
Asset Servicer to make any change, in its instructions to the Obligors or any agent, administrative agent, Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent, as applicable, regarding payments to be made with respect to the related Portfolio Asset to the
Collection Accounts, as applicable, unless the Majority Lenders have directed, or otherwise has consented in writing to, such change (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 

-87- 

(n) Change of Jurisdiction, Location, Names or Location of Loan Asset Files. The
Borrower shall not change the jurisdiction of its formation, change the location of its principal place of business and chief executive office or make any change to its name or use any tradenames, fictitious names, assumed names, doing
business as names or other names unless, prior to the effective date of any such change in the jurisdiction of its formation, change in location or name change or use, the Borrower provides at least 10 days prior written notice thereof and
delivers to the Administrative Agent such financing statements as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may request to reflect such change in the jurisdiction of its formation, change in location or name change
or use, together any other documents and instruments as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may reasonably request in connection therewith. The Borrower shall not move, or consent to the Collateral Custodian
moving, the Loan Asset Files from the location thereof on the Closing Date or applicable Advance Date, unless the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) shall consent to such move in writing (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 

SECTION 5.03 Affirmative Covenants of the Applicable Servicer. From the Closing Date until the
Facility Termination Date: 

(a) Compliance with Applicable Law. Each Applicable Servicer will comply in all material respects with
all Applicable Law. 

(b) Preservation of Existence. Each Applicable Servicer will preserve and maintain its existence, rights,
franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its formation and qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that
Carlyle Secured Lending III (in its various capacities hereunder) (i) may be succeeded by any successor by merger or other business combination that is managed or advised by Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C. or an affiliate
thereof, (ii) any such merger or other business combination and succession shall be permitted hereunder, and (iii) upon such merger or other business combination, such successor by merger or other business combination shall automatically
succeed to the various capacities of Carlyle Secured Lending III hereunder. 

SECTION 5.04
Negative Covenants of the Calculation Agent. From the Closing Date until the Facility Termination Date: 

(a) Required Loan
Documents. The Calculation Agent will not dispose of any documents constituting the Required Loan Documents in any manner that is inconsistent with the performance of its obligations as the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Agreement and will
not dispose of any Collateral except, in each case, as contemplated by this Agreement or as is consistent with the Servicing Standard. 

(b)
No Changes in Calculation Agent Fees. The Calculation Agent will not make any changes to the Calculation Agent Fees or amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify the Calculation Agent Fee Letter in any material respect without the prior
written approval of the Lenders. 

SECTION 5.05 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian. From the Closing Date until the Facility
Termination Date: 

(a) Compliance with Applicable Law. The Collateral Custodian will comply in all material respects with all
Applicable Law. 

-88- 

(b) Preservation of Existence. The Collateral Custodian will preserve and maintain
its existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its formation and qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and
qualification could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Location of Loan Asset Files. Subject to
Article IX, the Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files held by the Collateral Custodian shall remain at all times in the possession of the Collateral Custodian at its offices located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, DE
19890 unless notice of a different address is given in accordance with the terms hereof or unless the Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files held by the Collateral Custodian are released to the Calculation Agent or Initial Lender on
a temporary basis in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files may be released pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

SECTION 5.06 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Custodian. From the Closing Date until the Facility Termination Date: 

(a) Loan Asset File. The Collateral Custodian will not dispose of any documents constituting the Loan Asset File in any manner that is
inconsistent with the performance of its obligations as the Collateral Custodian pursuant to this Agreement and will not dispose of any item of the Collateral except as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(b) No Changes in Collateral Custodian Fees. The Collateral Custodian will not make any changes to the Collateral Custodian Fees or
amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify the Collateral Custodian Fee Letter without the prior written approval of the Lenders and the Borrower. 

SECTION 5.07 Affirmative Covenants of Holdings. From the Closing Date until the Facility Termination Date: 

(a) Preservation of Trust Existence. Holdings will preserve and maintain its trust
existence as a corporation, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its formation and will promptly obtain and thereafter maintain qualifications to do business as a statutory
trustcorporation in any other State in which it
does business and in which it is required to so qualify under Applicable Law unless the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that Carlyle Secured Lending III
(in its various capacities hereunder), upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Initial Lender (i) may be succeeded by any successor by merger or other business combination that is managed or advised by Carlyle Global Credit
Investment Management L.L.C. or an affiliate thereof, provided that such successor is and was not insolvent or subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings at any time during or prior to such merger or other business combination,
(ii) any such merger or other business combination and succession shall be permitted hereunder, subject to the conditions set forth herein, and (iii) upon such merger or other business combination, such successor by merger or other
business combination shall automatically succeed to the various capacities of Carlyle Secured Lending III hereunder; provided that, in each case, such merger, other business combination or succession could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Subject to the conditions herein, Holdings shall maintain its existence as a
trustcorporation
at all times until the Maturity Date and the satisfaction in full of all obligations outstanding under this 

-89- 

Agreement and any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Holdings shall provide no less than 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and the
Initial Lender before taking any action relating to any dissolution, sale, winding up or liquidation of the trust, including but not limited to any action pursuant to
Section 11.1 of the Declaration of Trustcorporation, and in connection with any such action, dissolution, sale, winding up or liquidation, promptly provide the Initial Lender (unless otherwise waived in writing by the Initial Lender in its sole discretion) an
opinion of its applicable
DelawareMaryland
counsel in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Majority Lenders stating, inter alia, that the security interest granted in the Pledged Equity hereunder will not be adversely
affected thereby. 

(b) Protection of Security Interest. Holdings shall take all action that the Calculation Agent or the
Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may reasonably request to perfect, protect and more fully evidence the first priority (subject to Permitted Liens) perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Pledged Equity, or to enable the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties to exercise or enforce any of their rights hereunder. 

(c) Liens. Holdings will promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Initial Lender of the existence of any Lien on the Pledged
Equity known to Holdings (other than Permitted Liens) and Holdings shall defend the right, title and interest in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in and to the Pledged Equity against all claims of third
parties to the extent commercially reasonable to do so (as determined by Holdings in its reasonable discretion), other than with respect to Permitted Liens. 

(d) Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, Holdings shall at all times comply with all Applicable Law (including Environmental Laws, and all federal securities laws). 

(e) Delaware Trustee. Holdings shall
provide the Initial Lender with at least 30 days written notice prior to any removal or resignation of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as its Delaware trustee.

SECTION 5.08 Negative Covenants of Holdings. From the Closing Date until the Facility Termination Date: 

(a) Protection of Title. Except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement, Holdings shall not take any action which would directly or
indirectly materially impair or adversely affect Holdings title to the Pledged Equity. 

(b) Transfer Limitations. Holdings
shall not transfer, assign, convey, grant, bargain, sell, set over, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or pledge or hypothecate, directly or indirectly, any interest in the Pledged Equity to any Person other than the Administrative Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, other than Permitted Liens, or engage in financing transactions or similar transactions with respect to the Pledged Equity with any Person other than the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Liens. Holdings shall not create, incur or permit to exist any Lien in or on any of the Pledged Equity, other than Permitted Liens.

-90- 

(d) Organizational Documents. Holdings shall not modify or terminate any of the
organizational or operational documents of Holdings in any manner that would materially and adversely affect the security interest in the Pledged Equity in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties. 

(e) Wind Down, Dissolution or Liquidation. Holdings shall not dissolve or liquidate prior to the Maturity Date and the satisfaction in
full of all obligations outstanding under this Agreement and any Transaction Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) and the Initial Lender, including but not limited to any dissolution or liquidation pursuant to Section 11.1 of the Declaration of Trust. 

(f) Change of Jurisdiction, Location or Names. Holdings shall not change the
jurisdiction of its incorporation, change the location of its principal place of business and chief executive office or make any change to its name, prior to the effective date of any such change in the jurisdiction of its formation, change in
location or name change or use, Holdings provides at least 30 days prior written notice thereof and delivers to the Administrative Agent such financing statements as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may
request to reflect such change in the jurisdiction of its formation, change in location or name change or use, together any other documents and instruments as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may reasonably
request in connection therewith. 

ARTICLE VI. 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

SECTION 6.01 Events of
Default. If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default) occurs: 

(a) the Borrower fails to make any
payment of (i) any Obligation (other than the payment of any amount upon the Maturity Date) when due and such failure is not cured within five (5) Business Days or (ii) any Obligation on the Maturity Date; 

(b) the Borrower defaults in making any payment required to be made under one or more agreements for borrowed money to which it is a party in
an aggregate principal amount in excess of $5,000,000 and any such failure continues unremedied for 15 Business Days, or an event of default is declared under any such agreement, in each case, and such default is not cured or remedied within the
applicable cure period, if any, provided for under such agreement; 

(c) any failure on the part of the Borrower or Holdings duly to observe
or perform any of its covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than covenants or agreements with respect to which another clause of this Section 6.01
expressly relates, which shall not, on its own, constitute an Event of Default under this clause (c)) and the same continues unremedied for a period of 30 days (if such failure can be remedied) after the earlier to occur of (i) the date
on which written notice of such failure requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender and (ii) the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower acquires actual knowledge
thereof; 

(d) the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event relating to the Borrower or Holdings; 

-91- 

(e) the rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator
of competent jurisdiction against the Borrower or Holdings for the payment of money in excess of $7,500,000 in the aggregate (unless such judgment is covered by third party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment, decree
or order and has not denied or failed to acknowledge coverage) where the Borrower or Holdings, as applicable, shall not have either (i) discharged or provided for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms
or (ii) perfected a timely appeal, decree or order and caused the execution of the same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal; 

(f) the breach by the Borrower of the covenants set forth in Section 5.01(b) or any failure on the part of the Borrower duly to
observe or perform any covenants or agreements of the Borrower set forth in Section 5.01(c) (solely with respect to existence), any failure on the part of the Borrower duly to observe or perform any covenants or agreements of the
Borrower set forth in Section 5.02, or any failure on the part of Holdings duly to observe any of the covenants or agreements of Holdings set forth in Section 5.08; 

(g) (i) any Transaction Document, or any Lien or security interest granted thereunder, shall (except in accordance with its terms), in whole or
in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Borrower or Holdings; provided that, there shall be no Event of Default under this clause (g)(i) to the extent such
Event of Default arises solely from the action (or inaction) of the Account Bank, the Calculation Agent the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent or a Lender, (ii) the Borrower, Holdings, the Equityholder or any of their Affiliates
shall, directly or indirectly, contest in writing in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Transaction Document or any Lien or security interest thereunder or (iii) any security interest securing any
obligation under any Transaction Document shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a first priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) except as otherwise expressly permitted to be released in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Document; provided that there shall be no Event of Default under this clause (g)(iii) to the extent such Event of Default arises from the action (or inaction) of the Account Bank, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral
Custodian, the Administrative Agent or a Lender; 

(h) any Change of Control shall occur; 

(i) any representation, warranty or certification made by the Borrower or Holdings in any Transaction Document or in any agreement, instrument,
certificate or other document delivered pursuant to any Transaction Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or 

(j) the failure of the Borrower to maintain at least one Independent Director; 

then the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Majority Lenders, shall, by written notice to the Borrower, declare the Maturity Date to have occurred;
provided, that, in the case of any event described in Section 6.01(d), the Maturity Date is deemed to have occurred automatically upon the occurrence of such event. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of
Default, (i) Lenders may decline to make any Advance hereunder or terminate its commitment to make Advances hereunder, (ii) the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Majority Lenders shall declare the Advances to be immediately due
and payable in full (without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower) and any other Obligations to be 

-92- 

immediately due and payable; provided that, in the case of any event described in Section 6.01(d), the Advances and other Obligations become immediately due and payable in full
(without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower) without the need of any notice to the Borrower upon the occurrence of such event and (iii) all amounts on deposit in the Collection
Accounts shall be distributed by the Account Bank, acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) as described in Section 2.08(c) (provided that the Borrower shall in any
event remain liable to pay such Advances and all such amounts and Obligations immediately in accordance with Section 2.08(c)). In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or otherwise, all other rights and remedies provided under the UCC of the
applicable jurisdiction and other Applicable Law, which rights shall be cumulative. 

SECTION 6.02 Pledged Equity. 

(a) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 6.02(b) or 6.02(c): 

(i) Holdings shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting or other consensual rights and powers inuring to an owner of
Pledged Equity or any part thereof and Holdings agrees that it shall exercise such rights for purposes not in contravention of the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

(ii) Holdings shall be entitled to receive and retain any and all dividends and other distributions paid on or distributed in
respect of the Pledged Equity (without any obligation to contribute such amounts to the Collection Accounts), to the extent and only to the extent that such dividends and other distributions are not prohibited by the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and Applicable Law; provided that any noncash dividends or other distributions that would constitute Pledged Equity, shall be and become part of the Pledged Equity, and, if received by Holdings, shall not be commingled by Holdings
with any of its other property but shall be held separate and apart therefrom, shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties and Holdings shall promptly take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure the
validity, perfection and priority (subject to Permitted Liens), including promptly delivering the same to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent). So
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall cooperate with Holdings with respect to making exchanges of Pledged Equity in connection with any exchange or redemption of such Pledged Equity not prohibited
by this Agreement, which such cooperation shall include delivery of any such Pledged Equity in exchange for replacement Pledged Equity. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for any costs or expenses
incurred due to the provisions of this Section 6.02(a)(ii). 

(b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default (and after the delivery of written notice to Holdings) or upon the occurrence of any event described in Section 6.01(d) (without notice), all rights of Holdings to dividends or other distributions that Holdings is authorized to
receive pursuant to Section 6.02(a)(ii) shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Administrative Agent, which shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority to receive and retain such dividends or other
distributions. All dividends or other distributions received by Holdings 

-93- 

contrary to the provisions of this Section 6.02(b) shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, shall be segregated from other property or funds of Holdings and
shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent). Any and all money and other property paid over to or received by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.02(b) shall be retained by the Administrative Agent in the Collection Accounts and shall be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. After all Events of
Default have been waived or are no longer continuing, the Administrative Agent, upon direction from the Majority Lenders, shall promptly repay to Holdings (without interest) all dividends or other distributions that Holdings would otherwise be
permitted to retain pursuant to the terms of Section 6.02(a)(ii) and that remain in such account. 

(c) Upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default (and after the delivery of written notice to Holdings) or upon the occurrence of any event described in Section 6.01(d) (without notice), then (i) all rights of Holdings to exercise the
voting and consensual rights and powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 6.02(a)(i) shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Administrative Agent, which shall have the sole and exclusive right
and authority to exercise such voting and consensual rights and powers acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders; provided, that, unless otherwise directed by the Majority Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall have the right from time
to time following and during the continuance of an Event of Default to permit Holdings to exercise such rights and (ii) in order to permit the Administrative Agent to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it may be entitled to
exercise pursuant hereto and to receive all dividends and other distributions which it may be entitled to receive hereunder, Holdings shall promptly execute and deliver (or cause to be executed and delivered) to the Administrative Agent all proxies,
dividend payment orders and other instruments as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may from time to time reasonably request. After all Events of Default have been waived or are no longer continuing, Holdings
shall have the exclusive right to exercise the voting or consensual rights and powers that Holdings would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to the terms of Section 6.02(a)(i). 

(d) Any notice given by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower under this Section 6.02 shall be given in writing. 

SECTION 6.03 Additional Remedies. 

(a)
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, and without limiting the remedies provided in this Article VI, the Administrative Agent shall, at the direction of the Majority Lenders, (i) sell or otherwise
dispose of any of the Collateral or the Pledged Equity at public or private sales and take possession of the proceeds of any such sale or disposition, (ii) instruct the obligor or obligors on any account, agreement, instrument or other
obligation constituting Collateral or Pledged Equity to make any payment required by the terms of such account, agreement, instrument or other obligation to or at the direction of the Administrative Agent (iii) give notice of sole control or
any other instruction under the Account Control Agreement and take any action therein with respect to Collateral subject thereto, (iv) in accordance with Section 6.02, transfer and register in its name or in the name of its nominee
the whole or any part of the Pledged Equity, exchange certificates or instruments representing or evidencing Pledged Equity for certificates or instruments of smaller or larger denominations, exercise the voting and all other rights as a holder with
respect thereto, including exchange, subscription or any other rights, privileges or options pertaining to any Pledged Equity, and otherwise act with respect to the Pledged Equity as though the Administrative Agent was the absolute owner thereof and
(v) in accordance with Section 6.02, collect and receive all cash dividends, interest, principal and other distributions made on any Pledged Equity. 

-94- 

(b) Any Collateral or Pledged Equity to be sold or otherwise disposed of pursuant to this
Article VI may be sold or disposed of in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, which sales may be adjourned or continued from time to time with or without notice upon such terms and conditions as the Administrative Agent
(acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may deem commercially reasonable and at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk. Any sale or disposition of Collateral or
Pledged Equity may be made without the Administrative Agent giving warranties of any kind with respect to such sale or disposition and the Administrative Agent may specifically disclaim any warranties of title or the like. The Administrative Agent
may comply with any applicable State or federal law requirements in connection with a sale or disposition of the Collateral or Pledged Equity and compliance will not be considered to adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any such sale or
disposition. If any notice of a proposed sale or disposition of the Collateral or Pledged Equity is required by law, such notice is deemed commercially reasonable and proper if given at least ten (10) days before such sale or disposition. The
Administrative Agent has the right upon any public sale of Collateral or Pledged Equity and, to the extent permitted by law, upon any such private sale of Collateral or Pledged Equity, to purchase the whole or any part of the Collateral or Pledged
Equity so sold or disposed of free of any right of equity redemption, which equity redemption the Borrower hereby waives. Upon any sale or disposition of Collateral or Pledged Equity, the Administrative Agent has the right to deliver and transfer to
the purchaser or transferee thereof the Collateral or Pledged Equity so sold or disposed of. 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, this
Agreement (including this Article VI) shall be subject to the special servicing activities provisions in Section 8.05. 

(d) Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may (and at the direction of the Majority
Lenders shall) direct the Borrower to (and the Borrower shall promptly comply or cause the Portfolio Asset Servicer to comply with such direction) instruct any Counterparty Lender to elevate the loan participation interest in respect of any
Portfolio Asset that is a loan participation or transfer the underlying loan to the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative Agent. 

ARTICLE VII. 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT 

SECTION 7.01 Appointment and Authority. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Wilmington Trust, National Association to act on its
behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms
hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article VII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties, neither the Borrower
nor Holdings shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions (except Section 7.06(a)). It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Transaction Documents (or any
other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law, whether before or after an Event of Default.
Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. The Administrative Agent is hereby directed to execute and deliver each of the Transaction
Documents to which it is intended to be a party . 

-95- 

SECTION 7.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have
the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (to the extent it is also a Lender) as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall,
unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its capacity as Lender, if applicable. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, the Borrower, Holdings or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the
Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 

SECTION 7.03 Exculpatory Provisions. 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction
Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. The permissive rights of the Administrative Agent to do things enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty and, with respect to such permissive rights, the
Administrative Agent shall not be answerable for other than its gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 

(i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether an Event of Default or Unmatured Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any
discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Majority Lenders (or such other
number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Transaction Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its
counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Transaction Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Bankruptcy Law or
that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Bankruptcy Law; and 

(iii) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents, have any duty to disclose, and
shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates
in any capacity. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at
the request of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided herein), or (ii) in
the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and 

-96- 

nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Market Trigger Event or Rating Event unless and until a
Responsible Officer of the Administrative Agent receives a written notice from the Borrower, Holdings or a Lender describing such Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Market Trigger Event or Rating Event and conspicuously marked as a notice
of default or event of default. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any events or other information unless a Responsible Officer of the Administrative Agent has actual knowledge thereof and shall have no duty to take
any action to determine whether any such event, default, Market Trigger Event, Rating Event, Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume, and be fully
protected in assuming, that no Rating Event or Rating Event Cure has occurred until written notice thereof is received by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agents receipt of reports (including monthly distribution reports) and any
publicly available information, shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein. All reports, notices and documents delivered to the
Administrative Agent hereunder shall be delivered promptly or otherwise made available by the Administrative Agent to each Lender. In the event that (x) the Administrative Agent receives instructions which conflict with any other instructions
received by the Administrative Agent and (y) the applicable Transaction Document fails to clearly specify which party shall provide the applicable instruction(s), then the Administrative Agent shall rely on and follow the instructions given by
the Calculation Agent or the Majority Lenders. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or
inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the contents or accuracy of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or
thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith and shall not be required to recalculate, certify or verify any information therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set
forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Market Trigger Event or Rating Event, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Transaction
Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative
Agent. 

(d) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, whenever reference is made in this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents to any action by, consent, designation, specification, requirement or approval of, notice, request or other communication from, or other direction given or action to be undertaken or to be (or not to be) suffered or omitted by the
Administrative Agent or to any election, decision, opinion, acceptance, use of judgment, expression of satisfaction or other exercise of discretion, rights or remedies to be made (or not to be made) by the Administrative Agent, it is understood that
in all cases the Administrative Agent shall be acting, giving, withholding, suffering, omitting, taking or otherwise undertaking and exercising the same (or shall not be undertaking and exercising the same) as directed by the Majority Lenders. This
provision is intended solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and its successors and permitted assigns and is not intended to and will not entitle the other parties hereto to any defense, claim or counterclaim, or confer any rights or
benefits on any party hereto. 

-97- 

(e) The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any
action under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document in its reasonable discretion unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Majority Lenders as it deems appropriate. 

(f) No provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall require the Administrative Agent to (i) expend or risk its own funds or provide indemnities in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or power or
(ii) otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights or powers unless, in each case, the Administrative Agent has reasonable assurances that it will be reimbursed for such
expenditures or incurrences. 

(g) The Administrative Agent shall not incur any liability for not performing or in any delay in performing
any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility hereunder or under any other Transaction Document by reason of any occurrence of circumstances beyond its control, including without limitation, any act or provision of any present or
future law or regulation or governmental authority; acts of God; earthquakes; fires; floods; wars; terrorism; civil or military disturbances; sabotage; epidemics; riots; interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or
software) or communications service; accidents; labor disputes; acts of civil or military authority or governmental actions; or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility; it being understood
that the Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstance. 

(h) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action or inaction of the Borrower, Holdings, the Lenders, the Calculation Agent, the
Portfolio Asset Servicer or any other party (or agent thereof) to this Agreement or any related document and may assume compliance by such parties with their obligations under this Agreement or any related agreements, unless a Responsible Officer of
the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary. 

(i) The Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to
exercise or honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement at the request or direction of the Majority Lenders (or any other Person authorized or permitted to direct the Administrative Agent hereunder, including without limitation,
any Lender) pursuant to this Agreement or such other Transaction Document, unless one or more Lenders or other such Persons shall have offered the Administrative Agent security or indemnity acceptable to the Administrative Agent against costs,
expenses and liabilities (including any legal fees) that might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or obligation to take any
affirmative action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless and until directed by the Majority Lenders. 

(j) [Reserved]. 

(k) Without
limiting the generality of any terms of this section, the Administrative Agent shall have no liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Lenders, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Borrower to
provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Administrative Agent or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, and shall have no liability for any
inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the its part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such
other party to comply with the terms hereof. 

-98- 

(l) The Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to (i) confirm or verify
whether the conditions to the delivery of Collateral have been satisfied or to determine whether (A) a loan is a Portfolio Asset or meets the criteria in the definition thereof or is otherwise eligible for purchase hereunder, (B) an
investment is otherwise eligible for purchase hereunder. 

SECTION 7.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled
to request and to rely conclusively upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, opinion, statement, instrument, resolution, order, bond, debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness,
document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative
Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the
making of an Advance that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the
contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower or Holdings), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be
liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice or opinion of any such counsel, accountants or experts or in accordance with judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, writ or other form of judicial or
administrative process. 

SECTION 7.05 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights
and powers hereunder or under any other Transaction Document by or through any one or more agents, sub-agents or attorneys appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such agents, sub-agent or attorneys may perform any
and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such party and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such
party. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any unaffiliated agent, sub-agents or attorney appointed by it with due care. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent
shall not appoint any Competitor as a sub-agent. 

SECTION 7.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of
resignation, the Initial Lender shall have the right to appoint a successor with the consent of the Borrower to the extent no Event of Default is continuing, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. If no such successor
shall have been so appointed by the Initial Lender and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Initial Lender) (the
Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of itself and the Lenders, petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor
Administrative Agent. Whether or not a successor has been 

-99- 

appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to deliver any Collateral held
or controlled by it, if any, to the Initial Lender or, to the extent applicable pursuant to any such petition, tender such Collateral to a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Competitor or
Defaulting Lender shall be appointed as a successor to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date
(i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and (ii) except for any fees, expenses and indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative
Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Initial Lender appoints a successor
Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
retiring Administrative Agent (other than any rights to fees, expenses and indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or
under the other Transaction Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring
Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, the provisions of this Article VII and Section 11.07 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed
Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 7.07 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative
Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in
taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

SECTION 7.08 Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under Article
X or Section 11.07 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such
Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lenders Pro Rata Share at such time) of such unpaid amount
(including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against
the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the
Lenders to make payments pursuant to Section 7.08 are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any such payment on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on
such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its payment under Section 7.08. 

-100- 

SECTION 7.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding
under any Bankruptcy Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower or Holdings, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Advance shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration
or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Advances and all other
Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Secured Parties (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
the Secured Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Secured Parties under Section 11.07) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 11.07. 

SECTION 7.10 Collateral Matters. 

(a)
Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to release any Lien on any collateral granted to or held by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document including, without
limitation, the Collateral and Pledged Equity (i) as provided in Section 2.11 or (ii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 11.01. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any
time, the Majority Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release its interest in particular types or items of property. In each case as specified in this Section 7.10, the Administrative Agent will,
at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the Calculation Agent such documents as the Calculation Agent may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral and Pledged Equity from the assignment and security
interest granted under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents and this Section 7.10. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding
the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral for the legality, enforceability, effectiveness or sufficiency of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, the existence, priority, creation, validity, enforceability or perfection
of the Administrative Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by the Borrower or the Applicable Servicer in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or
maintain any portion of the Collateral or the Lien thereon. 

-101- 

(c) It is understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent (i) shall have no
responsibility with respect to the determination of whether any Pledged Equity is certificated or uncertificated and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall only be responsible for holding Pledged Equity to the extent actually received. 

SECTION 7.11 Administrative Agent Compensation. As compensation for its Administrative Agent activities hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall be
entitled to the amounts set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter from the Borrower, payable pursuant to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.08; provided that if such amounts are insufficient
then Sections 9.12 and 11.07 shall be applicable. The Administrative Agents entitlement to receive the amounts set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter shall cease on the earlier to occur of (i) its removal as Administrative Agent
pursuant to the terms hereof , (ii) its resignation as Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms hereof or (iii) the termination of this Agreement; provided that the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to any fees accrued and payable
up to such date to the extent not previously paid. 

SECTION 7.12 Merger or Consolidation. Any Person (a) into which the Administrative Agent
may be merged or consolidated, (b) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Administrative Agent shall be a party or (c) that may succeed to the corporate trust business of the Administrative Agent substantially as a
whole, which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Administrative Agent hereunder, shall be the successor to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement without further act of
any of the parties to this Agreement. 

SECTION 7.13 Erroneous Payments. 

(a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a
Lender (any such Lender or other recipient, a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds
received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender
or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and demands
the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent, and such Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the
Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date
such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

-102- 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, or any Person who has
received funds on behalf of a Lender, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the
Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of
its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such
Lender, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: 

(i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been
made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment;
and 

(ii) such Lender shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly
(and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 7.13(b). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 7.13(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipients
obligations pursuant to Section 7.13(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 

(c) Each Lender hereby authorizes
the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Transaction Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any source, against any
amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 

(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand
therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or
portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon the Administrative Agents notice to such Lender at any time, (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have
assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class) in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such
lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) at par plus any accrued and unpaid
interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption 

-103- 

Agreement (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption Agreement as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to
such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (but the failure of such Person to deliver any such Notes shall not affect the effectiveness of
the foregoing assignment), (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender
shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of
doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in
the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, subject to the restrictions on assignment otherwise set forth in this Agreement, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the
Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will
reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or
portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and
interests of the applicable Lender under the Transaction Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection
with any Erroneous Payment (including in connection with any subrogation related thereto), under no circumstances shall the Agent be deemed a lender-of-record. 

(e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the
Borrower or the Equity Holder, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received from the Borrower or any other related party in
repayment of the Obligations; provided that this Section 7.13 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative
to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and for the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the occurrence of an Erroneous
Payment (or the existence of any Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights or other rights of the Administrative Agent in respect of an Erroneous Payment) result in the Administrative Agent becoming, or being deemed to be, a Lender hereunder or the
holder of any Loans hereunder. 

(g) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an
Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment
received, including, without limitation, waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

-104- 

(h) Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 7.13 shall
survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or
any portion thereof) under any Transaction Document. 

SECTION 7.14 Rights of Account Bank and Collateral Custodian. In executing, delivering and
performing under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, each of the Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to all of the same rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities granted to the Administrative
Agent in this Agreement, mutatis mutandis; provided that such rights, benefits, protection, immunities and indemnities are in addition to any rights, benefits, protection, immunities and indemnities provided to the Account Bank or the Collateral
Custodian in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and do not include, for the avoidance of doubt, any such rights granted to the Administrative Agent under Section 6.02, Section 6.03 or Section 2.08. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

ADMINISTRATION AND
SERVICING OF COLLATERAL 

SECTION 8.01 Appointment and Designation of the Applicable Servicer.

(a) Initial Applicable Servicer. 

(i) The Borrower and the Lenders hereby appoint Carlyle Secured Lending III, Inc., pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as Portfolio Asset Servicer, with the authority to service, administer and exercise rights and remedies, on behalf of the Borrower, in respect of the
Collateral and to take the actions required of it hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. Carlyle Secured Lending III, Inc. hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties
and responsibilities of the Portfolio Asset Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof until such time as it resigns or is removed as Portfolio Asset Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. The Portfolio Asset Servicer and the Borrower hereby acknowledge
that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties are third party beneficiaries of the obligations undertaken by the Portfolio Asset Servicer hereunder. 

(ii) The Borrower and the Lenders hereby appoint Barings Finance LLC (as successor to Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance
Company), pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as Calculation Agent, with the authority to take the actions required of it hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. Barings Finance LLC hereby accepts such appointment
and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities of the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms hereof until such time as it resigns or is removed as Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms hereof. The Calculation Agent and the Borrower hereby
acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties are third party beneficiaries of the obligations undertaken by the Calculation Agent hereunder. 

-105- 

(b) Servicer Termination Notice. The Borrower, each Applicable Servicer and the
Administrative Agent hereby agree that, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event with respect to such Applicable Servicer, the Administrative Agent, by written notice to the Applicable Servicer (a Servicer Termination
Notice), may (and shall, upon the direction of the Majority Lenders) terminate all of the rights, obligations, power and authority of the Applicable Servicer under this Agreement. On and after the receipt by the Applicable Servicer of a
Servicer Termination Notice pursuant to this Section 8.01(b), the Applicable Servicer shall continue to perform all servicing functions under this Agreement until the date that is 30 days after the date of such notice or until a date
mutually agreed upon by the Applicable Servicer and the Administrative Agent (upon direction of the Majority Lenders) or the Majority Lenders. The Calculation Agent shall be entitled to receive, to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to
Section 2.08, the Calculation Agent Fees accrued until such termination date as well as any other fees, amounts, expenses or indemnities it is entitled to pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and any Fee Letter (collectively, the
Servicer Termination Expenses). To the extent amounts held in the Collection Accounts of the Borrower and paid in accordance with Section 2.08 are insufficient to pay the Servicer Termination Expenses, the Borrower
(and to the extent the Borrower fails to so pay, the Lenders based on their Pro Rata Share) agrees to pay the Servicer Termination Expenses within 10 Business Days of receipt of an invoice therefor. After the earlier of (i) the termination date
specified in the applicable Servicer Termination Notice and (ii) 30 days thereafter as provided above, the Applicable Servicer agrees that it will terminate its activities as Calculation Agent or Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable,
hereunder in a manner that the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) reasonably believes will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to a Replacement Servicer, and the Replacement Servicer
shall assume each and all of the Applicable Servicers obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and the Applicable Servicer shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to assist the Replacement Servicer in assuming such obligations. 

(c) Appointment of Replacement Calculation
Agent. At any time following the delivery of a Servicer Termination Notice or receipt of any notice of resignation under Section 8.09, the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may, with the consent
of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and such consent not being required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), appoint a new Calculation Agent (if such Servicer Termination Notice relates to the
Calculation Agent) or Portfolio Asset Servicer (if such Servicer Termination Notice relates to the Portfolio Asset Servicer) (the Replacement Servicer), which appointment shall take effect upon the Replacement Servicer accepting
such appointment by a written assumption in a form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) and, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time, the Borrower (such consent not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Any Replacement Servicer shall be an established financial institution or registered investment advisory firm, having a net worth of not less than $50,000,000 and whose regular business includes the servicing of
assets similar to the Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Competitor shall be appointed as a Replacement Servicer. 

(d) Liabilities and Obligations of Replacement Servicer. Upon its appointment, any Replacement Servicer shall be the successor in all
respects to the Applicable Servicer it is replacing with respect to servicing functions under this Agreement of the Applicable Servicer and shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities relating thereto placed on the
Applicable Servicer by the terms and provisions hereof, and all references in this Agreement to the Calculation Agent or Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Servicer; provided that any
Replacement Servicer shall have (i) no liability with respect to any action performed by the prior 

-106- 

Applicable Servicer prior to the date that the Replacement Servicer becomes the successor to the Applicable Servicer or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction of the
prior Applicable Servicer, (ii) no obligation with respect to any Taxes on behalf of the Borrower, except for any payment made out of the Collection Accounts as provided in Section 2.13, (iii) no obligation to pay any of the
fees and expenses of any other party to the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) no liability or obligation with respect to any Calculation Agent indemnification obligations of any prior Calculation Agent. The indemnification obligations
of the Replacement Servicer upon becoming a Calculation Agent or Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable, are expressly limited to those arising on account of its gross negligence or willful misconduct or the failure to perform materially in
accordance with its duties and obligations set forth in this Agreement. In addition, the Replacement Servicer shall have no liability relating to the representations of the prior Applicable Servicer contained in Section 4.03. 

(e) Authority and Power. All authority and power granted to the Applicable Servicer under this Agreement shall automatically cease and
terminate on the Facility Termination Date and shall pass to and be vested in the Borrower thereafter and, without limitation, the Borrower is hereby authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Applicable Servicer, as
attorney-in-fact or otherwise, all documents and other instruments, and to do and accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such transfer of servicing rights. The Applicable Servicer agrees to cooperate
with the Borrower in effecting the termination of the responsibilities and rights of the Portfolio Asset Servicer to conduct servicing of the Collateral. 

(f) Subcontracts. The Portfolio Asset Servicer may subcontract with any other Person for servicing, administering or collecting the
Collateral; provided that (A) the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall select any such Person with reasonable care and shall be solely responsible for the fees and expenses payable to any such Person, (B) the Portfolio Asset Servicer
shall not be relieved of, and shall remain liable for, the performance of the duties and obligations of the Portfolio Asset Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof without regard to any subcontracting arrangement and (C) any such subcontract
shall be terminable upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event with respect to the Portfolio Asset Servicer. 

(g) Waiver.
The Borrower acknowledges that the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates may act as a Replacement Servicer, and the Borrower waives any and all claims against the Administrative Agent, each Lender or any of their respective Affiliates and
the Calculation Agent (other than claims relating to such partys gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction) relating in any way to the custodial or collateral administration
functions having been performed by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in accordance with the terms and provisions (including the standard of care) set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

SECTION 8.02 Duties of the Applicable Servicer. 

(a) Duties. The Portfolio Asset Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to service,
administer and collect on the Collateral from time to time, all in accordance with Applicable Law and the Servicing Standard and to take the actions of the Portfolio Asset Servicer under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Prior to
the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event with respect to the Portfolio Asset Servicer, but subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Section 8.04), the Portfolio Asset Servicer has the sole and exclusive authority

-107- 

to make any and all decisions on behalf of the Borrower with respect to the Collateral and take or refrain from taking any and all actions with respect to the Collateral, except as otherwise
expressly provided herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the duties of the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall include the following, without duplication of any actions taken by the Underlying Agent: 

(i) maintaining all necessary servicing records with respect to the Collateral received from the Underlying Agents and
providing such records to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Custodian, Calculation Agent and Initial Lender) together with such other information with respect to the Collateral (including information relating to
the Portfolio Asset Servicers performance under this Agreement) as may be required hereunder or as the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders may reasonably request; 

(ii) maintaining and implementing administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate servicing records
received from the Underlying Agents or received by it pursuant to this Agreement evidencing the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof) and keeping and maintaining all documents, books, records and other information
received from the Underlying Agents or pursuant to this Agreement reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of the Collateral; 

(iii) promptly delivering to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Collateral Custodian, from time to time,
such information and servicing records (to the extent received by the Portfolio Asset Servicer), including information relating to the Portfolio Asset Servicers performance under this Agreement, as the Calculation Agent, the Administrative
Agent, or the Collateral Custodian (in each case as directed by the Majority Lenders) may from time to time reasonably request; 

(iv) identifying each Portfolio Asset clearly and unambiguously in its servicing records to reflect that such Portfolio Asset
has been Transferred and is owned by the Borrower and that the Borrower is granting a security interest therein to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement; 

(v) notifying the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent of any material action, suit, proceeding, dispute, offset,
deduction, defense or counterclaim that is or is threatened to be asserted by an Obligor with respect to any Portfolio Asset (or portion thereof) of which it has knowledge or has received notice; 

(vi) maintaining the perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) of the Administrative Agent, for
the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral to the extent required by the Transaction Documents; 

(vii)
[reserved]; 

(viii) [reserved]; 

(ix) [reserved]; 

(x) directing the sale of Collateral in accordance with Section 2.10; 

-108- 

(xi) providing assistance to the Borrower with respect to the purchase and
Sale of and payment for the Portfolio Assets; 

(xii) as provided in Section 8.04(d), instructing the
Counterparty Lender, Obligors and Underlying Agents, as applicable, on the Portfolio Assets to make payments with respect to the related Portfolio Asset directly into the Collection Accounts; 

(xiii) [reserved]; 

(xiv) [reserved]; 

(xv) monitoring and recording in the records for the Collateral any interest rate adjustments in connection with the Underlying
Agreements to the extent notice thereof is provided by the applicable Underlying Agents; 

(xvi) [reserved]; 

(xvii) [reserved]; 

(xviii) monitoring any casualty losses or condemnation proceedings in respect of any related Underlying Collateral and
administering any Proceeds related thereto in accordance with the applicable Underlying Agreements or Participation Agreements, in each case to the extent such information is provided to the Portfolio Asset Servicer; provided that if such
Underlying Agreements or Participation Agreements provide for any decision or discretion with respect to application of such Proceeds, the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall seek written instructions from the Borrower with respect to such application;

(xix) monitoring all payments made with respect to the Portfolio Assets; and 

(xx) identifying Collections as Principal Collections, Current Income Collections or Excluded Amounts and preparing statements
with respect to Collections and segregating Collections, all as required by this Agreement. 

(b) The Applicable Servicer may execute any of
its duties and exercise its rights and powers under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by or through sub-agents or attorneys in fact appointed by the Applicable Servicer and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters
pertaining to such duties. The Applicable Servicer shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent or attorney in fact that it selects with reasonable care. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exercise by the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties of their rights
hereunder shall not release the Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Borrower from any of their duties or responsibilities with respect to the Collateral. The Secured Parties and the Administrative Agent shall not have any obligation or liability with
respect to any Collateral, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Borrower hereunder. 

-109- 

(d) Any payment by an Obligor or a Counterparty Lender in respect of any Indebtedness or
Underlying Loan Obligation owed by it to the Borrower shall, except as otherwise specified by such Obligor or the applicable Participation Agreement or otherwise required by contract or law and unless otherwise instructed by the Administrative Agent
(acting at the direction of the Initial Lender), be applied as a collection of a payment by such Obligor or Counterparty Lender to the extent of any amounts then due and payable thereunder (starting with the oldest such outstanding payment due)
before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such Obligor or Counterparty Lender. 

(e) The Applicable Servicer is
not required to take any action under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Portfolio Asset Servicer to liability or that is contrary to any Required Loan Document or
Applicable Law. The Applicable Servicer shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document with the consent or at the request of the Borrower or the Majority Lenders (or all Lenders, as
applicable and as set forth in Sections 6.01 and 11.01). In the event the Applicable Servicer requests the consent of a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions and the Applicable Servicer does not receive a response (either
positive or negative) from such Person within ten (10) Business Days of such Persons receipt of such request, then such Lender shall be deemed to have provided its consent to the relevant action. For all purposes of this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents, the Borrower and the Lenders, as the case may be, shall direct the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian, and the Account Bank, as applicable, as to what lender consent is required
thereunder for a particular amendment, waiver or consent. 

(f) The Applicable Servicer shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted
to be taken by it under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Applicable Servicer (i) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Calculation Agent), independent public accountants and other
experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (ii) shall not be responsible for or have any duty to
ascertain or inquire into (A) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (B) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or
thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith (other than by the Applicable Servicer), (C) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the performance or observance by any party (other than the Applicable Servicer) of any of the
covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default, (D) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other
Transaction Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (E) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the
Applicable Servicer (if any) and (iii) shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents for relying on any notice (including notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other instrument
or writing (which may be by facsimile) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper Person. 

-110- 

SECTION 8.03 Authorization of the Portfolio Asset Servicer. 

(a) Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby authorizes the Applicable Servicer (including any successor thereto)
to take any and all reasonable steps in its name and on its behalf necessary or desirable in the determination of the Applicable Servicer and not inconsistent with the security interest of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, in the Collateral, to, in the case of the Portfolio Asset Servicer, collect all amounts due under the Collateral, including endorsing any of their names on checks and other instruments representing Collections, executing and delivering any
and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Collateral and, after the delinquency of any Portfolio Asset, and to the extent permitted
under and in compliance with Applicable Law, to commence proceedings with respect to enforcing payment thereof. Borrower and the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties shall furnish the Applicable Servicer (and any successors thereto)
with any powers of attorney and other documents necessary or appropriate to enable the Applicable Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder, and shall cooperate with the Applicable Servicer to the fullest extent in
order to facilitate the collectability of the Collateral. In no event shall the Applicable Servicer be entitled to make the Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or any Lender a party to any litigation without such partys
express prior written consent. In the performance of its obligations hereunder, the Applicable Servicer shall not be obligated to take, or to refrain from taking, any action which the Borrower or any Lender requests that the Applicable Servicer take
or refrain from taking to the extent that the Applicable Servicer determines in its reasonable and good faith judgment that such action or inaction (i) may cause a violation of Applicable Laws, regulations, codes, ordinances, court orders or
restrictive covenants with respect to any Portfolio Asset, the Borrower or any Obligor, (ii) may cause a violation of any provision of this Agreement, a Fee Letter or a Required Loan Document or any other Transaction Document or (iii) may be a
violation of the Servicing Standard. 

(b) After the declaration of the Maturity Date, at the direction of the Administrative Agent (acting
at the direction of the Majority Lenders), the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall take such action as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection of the Portfolio
Assets; provided that the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may, at any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, notify the Obligor, Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent, as
applicable, with respect to any Portfolio Asset of the assignment of such Portfolio Asset to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and direct that payments of all amounts due or to become due thereunder be made directly to
the Administrative Agent or any servicer, collection agent or account designated by the Administrative Agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders)
may enforce collection of any such Portfolio Asset, and adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof. 

SECTION 8.04 Collection of
Payments; Accounts. 

(a) Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral. The Portfolio Asset Servicer will collect or use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be collected, all payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Portfolio Assets included in the Collateral as and when the same become due, all in accordance with the Servicing Standard. The
Portfolio Asset Servicer may not waive, modify or otherwise vary any provision of a Portfolio Asset in a manner that would impair the collectability of such Portfolio Asset contrary to the Servicing Standard. 

(b) Acceleration. If consistent with the Servicing Standard (and, if applicable the relevant Participation Agreement), the Portfolio
Asset Servicer, if directed by the Borrower, shall accelerate or vote to accelerate, as applicable, the maturity of all or any Scheduled Payments and other amounts due under any Portfolio Asset promptly after such Portfolio Asset owned by, or
Underlying Loan Obligation with respect to, the Borrower, as applicable, becomes defaulted. 

-111- 

(c) Taxes and other Amounts. The Portfolio Asset Servicer will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to collect all payments with respect to amounts due for Taxes, assessments and insurance premiums relating to each Portfolio Asset or Underlying Loan Obligation, as applicable, to the extent required to be paid to the Borrower or
related Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent, as applicable, for such application under the applicable Underlying Agreement and remit such amounts to the appropriate Governmental Authority or insurer as required by the Underlying Agreements. 

(d) Payments to the Collection Accounts. On or before the Cut-Off Date for each Portfolio Asset, the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall have
instructed (i) any Obligor, agent or administrative agent for any Portfolio Asset that is not a loan participation interest (except for such Portfolio Assets that are actively cash managed or have a separate lockbox for payments pursuant to the
terms of the related Portfolio Asset documents) to make all payments in respect of such Portfolio Asset to the Collection Accounts and (ii) any Counterparty Lender to cause the Obligor (or, to the extent applicable, such Counterparty Lender or
the Underlying Agent) for any Portfolio Asset that is a loan participation interest to make all payments in respect of such Portfolio Asset to the Collection Accounts. 

(e) Collection Accounts. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (i) the Collection Accounts are each intended to be a
securities account within the meaning of the UCC and (ii) only the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to exercise the rights with respect to the Collection Accounts and have the right to direct the disposition of funds,
securities and other assets, as applicable, in the Collection Accounts in accordance with Section 2.08. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees to cause the Account Bank to agree with the parties hereto that regardless of any provision
in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC, with respect to the Collection Accounts, New York shall be deemed to be the Securities Intermediarys jurisdiction or the Account Banks jurisdiction, as applicable (within the meaning of
Section 8-110 or 9-305 of the UCC, respectively). 

(f) Expense Reserve Account. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that
(i) the Expense Reserve Account is intended to be a securities account within the meaning of the UCC and (ii) only the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to exercise the rights with respect to the Expense Reserve Account
and have the right to direct the disposition of funds, securities and other assets, as applicable, in the Expense Reserve Account in accordance with Section 2.08. The Borrower hereby agrees to cause the Account Bank with respect to the
Expense Reserve Account to agree with the parties hereto that regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC, with respect to the Expense Reserve Account, New York shall be deemed to be the Securities Intermediarys
jurisdiction or the Account Banks jurisdiction, as applicable (within the meaning of Section 8-110 or 9-305 of the UCC, respectively). 

(g) Operating Account. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (i) the Operating Account is intended to be a securities
account within the meaning of the UCC and (ii) only the Administrative Agent and, unless a Notice of Exclusive Control has been delivered (and not withdrawn), the Borrower (or the Portfolio Asset Servicer on the Borrowers behalf)
shall be entitled to exercise the rights with respect to the Operating Account and have the right to direct the disposition of funds, securities and other assets, as applicable, in the Operating Account in accordance with Section 2.08.
After the delivery of a Notice of Exclusive Control that has not been withdrawn, only the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Majority Lenders) shall be entitled to exercise such rights. The Borrower

-112- 

hereby agrees to cause the Account Bank with respect to the Operating Account to agree with the parties hereto that regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC,
with respect to the Operating Account, New York shall be deemed to be the Securities Intermediarys jurisdiction or the Account Banks jurisdiction, as applicable (within the meaning of Section 8-110 or 9-305 of the UCC,
respectively). At any time, and from time to time, Holdings may contribute amounts to the Borrower for deposit in the Operating Account. The Borrower (or the Portfolio Asset Servicer on its behalf) may, at any time and from time to time, during or
after the Revolving Period, unless a Notice of Exclusive Control has been delivered (and not withdrawn), withdraw amounts on deposit in the Operating Account to fund Delayed Draws or other Portfolio Assets. The Borrower may direct amounts for
deposit into the Operating Account under Section 2.08(a)(i)(e), Section 2.08(a)(ii)(d) or Section 2.08(a)(iii)(g). 

(h)
Custody Account. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (i) the Custody Accounts are each intended to be a securities account within the meaning of the UCC and (ii) only the Administrative Agent shall be entitled
to exercise the rights with respect to the Custody Accounts and have the right to direct the disposition of funds, securities and other assets, as applicable, in the Custody Account in accordance with this Agreement. The Borrower hereby agrees to
cause the Account Bank with respect to the each Custody Account to agree with the parties hereto that regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC, with respect to such Custody Account, New York shall be deemed to be
the Securities Intermediarys jurisdiction or the Account Banks jurisdiction, as applicable (within the meaning of Section 8-110 or 9-305 of the UCC, respectively). To the extent the Borrower receives or otherwise acquires any
securities or other assets, such securities or other assets shall be credited to an appropriate Custody Account, as applicable. 

(i)
Loan and Participation Agreements. Notwithstanding any term hereof to the contrary, none of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Custodian shall be under any duty or obligation in connection with the acquisition by the Borrower of, or
the grant of a security interest by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in, any Portfolio Asset to examine or evaluate the sufficiency of the documents or instruments delivered to it by or on behalf of the Borrower under the related Loan
Agreements or Participation Agreements, or otherwise to examine the Loan Agreements and Participation Agreements, in order to determine or compel compliance with any applicable requirements of or restrictions on transfer (including any necessary
consents). The Collateral Custodian shall hold any instrument delivered to it evidencing any Portfolio Asset granted to the Administrative Agent hereunder as custodial agent for the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. 

(j) Adjustments. If (i) the Portfolio Asset Servicer makes a deposit into the Collection Accounts in respect of a
Current Income Collection or Principal Collection of a Portfolio Asset and such Current Income Collection or Principal Collection was received by the Portfolio Asset Servicer in the form of a check that is not honored for any reason or (ii) the
Portfolio Asset Servicer makes a mistake with respect to the amount of any Current Income Collection or Principal Collection and deposits an amount that is less than or more than the actual amount of such Current Income Collection or Principal
Collection, the Portfolio Asset Servicer with notice to the Administrative Agent shall appropriately adjust the amount subsequently deposited the Collection Accounts to reflect such dishonored check or mistake. Any Scheduled Payment in respect of
which a dishonored check is received shall be deemed not to have been paid. 

-113- 

SECTION 8.05 Realization Upon Portfolio Assets. 

(a) The Portfolio Asset Servicer will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with the Servicing Standard to foreclose upon or
repossess, as applicable, or otherwise comparably convert the ownership of any Underlying Collateral relating to a defaulted Portfolio Asset of the Borrower as to which no satisfactory arrangements can be made for collection of delinquent payments,
and may, consistent with the Servicing Standard and exercising its reasonably good faith judgment to maximize value, hold for value, sell or transfer any equity or other securities shall have received in connection with a default, workout,
restructuring or plan of reorganization with respect to such Portfolio Asset. The Portfolio Asset Servicer will comply with the Servicing Standard and Applicable Law in realizing upon such Underlying Collateral, and employ practices and procedures
including commercially reasonable efforts consistent with the Servicing Standard to enforce all obligations of Obligors by foreclosing upon, repossessing and causing the sale of such Underlying Collateral at public or private sale in circumstances
other than those described in the preceding sentence. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) or, to the extent no Event of Default is then continuing, the
Borrower has specifically given instruction to the contrary, the Portfolio Asset Servicer may cause the sale of any such Underlying Collateral to the Portfolio Asset Servicer or its Affiliates for a purchase price equal to the then fair value
thereof, any such sale to be evidenced by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Portfolio Asset Servicer delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower setting forth the Portfolio Asset, the Underlying Collateral, the sale price of
the Underlying Collateral and certifying that such sale price is the fair value of such Underlying Collateral. In any case in which any such Underlying Collateral has suffered damage, the Portfolio Asset Servicer will have no obligation to expend
funds in connection with any repair or toward the foreclosure or repossession of such Underlying Collateral. The Portfolio Asset Servicer will remit to the Collection Accounts, the Recoveries received in connection with the sale or disposition of
Underlying Collateral relating to a defaulted Portfolio Asset. 

(b) Consistent with the Servicing Standard and the applicable Participation
Agreement or Underlying Agreement, the Portfolio Asset Servicer will monitor efforts of each Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent with respect to any Portfolio Asset as to which no satisfactory arrangements can be made for collection of
delinquent payments, and any analysis by such Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent proposing a course of action to maximize value with respect to any related Underlying Collateral, including whether to hold for value, sell or transfer any equity
or other securities it has received in connection with a default, workout, restructuring or plan of reorganization with respect to the related Underlying Loan Obligations. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the
Portfolio Asset Servicer will comply with the Servicing Standard, the applicable Participation Agreement or Underlying Agreement and Applicable Law in directing a Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent to realize upon Underlying Collateral, and
employ practices and procedures, including commercially reasonable efforts consistent with the Servicing Standard to enforce all obligations of such Counterparty Lender under such Participation Agreement, to direct the related Underlying Agent to
enforce the obligations of Obligors by foreclosing upon, repossessing and causing the sale of such Underlying Collateral at public or private sale. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent shall not take any action with respect
to the Collateral, nor shall it be required to take any actions, relating to any special servicing activities (it being understood and agreed that the Calculation Agent or the Administrative Agent shall determine whether any obligations or actions
of the Calculation Agent or the Administrative Agent expressly set forth in this Agreement or the other 

-114- 

Transaction Documents shall constitute special servicing activities), except to the extent (i) agreed to between the Borrower, the Lenders, the Calculation Agent and the Administrative
Agent, pursuant to a separate fee letter agreement and (ii) the parties to such fee agreement agree to address any conflicts presented by such performance of special servicing activities reasonably requested by the Calculation Agent and the
Administrative Agent including the following provisions: (A) if the Administrative Agent agrees to perform such special servicing activities on behalf of the Lenders, the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall not be required to take any direction or
instruction from, or provide any workout or other information determined by the Administrative Agent to, the Borrower; or (B) if the Calculation Agent agrees to perform such special servicing activities on behalf of the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any direction or instruction from, or provide any workout or other information determined by the Calculation Agent to, the Lenders. 

SECTION 8.06 Calculation Agent Compensation. As compensation for its Calculation Agent activities hereunder, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to
the Calculation Agent Fees from the Borrower, payable pursuant to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.08, provided that if such amounts are insufficient then Sections 8.10 and
11.07 shall be applicable. The Calculation Agents entitlement to receive the Calculation Agent Fees shall cease on the earlier to occur of (i) its removal as Calculation Agent as provided in Section 8.01(b),
(ii) its resignation as Calculation Agent as provided in Section 8.09 or (iii) the termination of this Agreement; provided that the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to any fees accrued and payable up to such date to
the extent not previously paid. 

SECTION 8.07 Payment of Certain Expenses by Portfolio Asset Servicer. The Borrower (or the Portfolio Asset
Servicer on its behalf to the extent amounts are available in the Collection Accounts and the Expense Reserve Account of the Borrower), will be required to pay all reasonable and documented fees and expenses owing to the Account Bank in connection
with the maintenance of such Collection Accounts of the Borrower. The Applicable Servicer shall be reimbursed for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred hereunder (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
paid by the Applicable Servicer on behalf of the Borrower), subject to the availability of funds pursuant to Section 2.08; provided that, to the extent funds are not available for such reimbursement, the Applicable Servicer shall
be entitled to repayment of such expenses from the Borrower and if the Borrower fails to so reimburse the Applicable Servicer, the Applicable Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the Lenders (and each Lender hereby agrees to so reimburse
the Applicable Servicer as provided herein) within 10 Business Days of receipt of an invoice therefor. 

SECTION 8.08 Reports to the Administrative
Agent Account Statements; Servicing Information. 

(a) Notice of Borrowing. On each Advance Date, the Borrower will provide a
Notice of Borrowing and a Borrowing Base Certificate, each updated as of such date, to the Administrative Agent, Calculation Agent and Initial Lender. 

(b) Servicing Report. 

(i) On each Reporting Date, the Portfolio Asset Servicer will provide to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the
Calculation Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Account Bank a quarterly statement including (A) a summary prepared with respect to each Obligor and with respect to each Portfolio Asset for such Obligor prepared as of the most recent
Determination Date and substantially in the form of Exhibit G (such quarterly statement, 

-115- 

together with the amounts set forth in clauses (C) through (F) below, collectively, a Servicing Report), (B) each amendment, restatement,
supplement, waiver or other modification to a Portfolio Asset or the Underlying Loan Obligations relating to a Portfolio Asset of the Borrower entered into since the Closing Date for the initial Servicing Report or the Determination Date for the
last Servicing Report in all other cases (for this clause (B), all to the extent received by the Portfolio Asset Servicer), (C) the Outstanding Principal Balance of all Eligible Portfolio Assets of the Borrower as of the Determination
Date for such Reporting Date, (D) the identification of any Principal Collections, Current Income Collections and Excluded Amounts, received since the Closing Date for the initial Servicing Report or the Determination Date for the last
Servicing Report in all other cases and (E) whether a Market Trigger Event or Rating Event has occurred and is continuing. 

(ii) Five
(5) Business Days (or, if there are less than ten (10) Business Days between the 1st and 15th calendar day of the month in which such Proposed Payment Date Report is delivered, four (4) Business Days) after each Determination Date
immediately preceding a Payment Date, or, in the case of an Inter-Period Payment Date, on such Determination Date, the Portfolio Asset Servicer will provide to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Account Bank
(and, if KBRA is providing a rating with respect to the Borrower, to KBRA) a report (the Proposed Payment Date Report) that includes (A) the amounts to be remitted pursuant to Section 2.08 to the applicable
parties on such Payment Date (which shall include any applicable wiring instructions of the parties receiving payment) with respect to the related Payment Date (B) the identification of any Excluded Amounts, and (C) the amount of any
distributions to be made to the Borrower or Fund under Section 2.08(a)(i)(e), Section 2.08(a)(ii)(d) or Section 2.08(a)(iii)(g). The Calculation Agent shall promptly (and in any event, not later than two
(2) Business Days after receiving a Proposed Payment Date Report) either consent to such Proposed Payment Date Report or incorporate changes thereto after consultation with the Portfolio Asset Servicer (such Proposed Payment Date Report as
consented to or changed by the Calculation Agent, and as acknowledged by the Calculation Agent in writing, a Payment Date Report). Any such Payment Date Report consented to and acknowledged by the Calculation Agent in writing
shall constitute authorization for the Administrative Agent to provide instructions to the Account Bank to make disbursements in accordance with such Payment Date Report pursuant to Section 2.08. 

(c) Obligor Financial Statements; Valuation Reports; Other Reports. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Portfolio Asset
Servicer (or the Borrower in connection with the delivery of a Notice of Borrowing) shall and shall only be required to provide to the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent, with respect to each Obligor, the information periodically
provided to the Borrower or the limited partners of the Fund in respect of such Portfolio Asset with the same frequency and the Borrower agrees to promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days) deliver such information to the
Portfolio Asset Servicer upon receipt by the Borrower or the limited partners of the Fund. The Portfolio Asset Servicer will promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent, upon reasonable request and to the extent received
by the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer, all other documents and information required to be delivered by the Obligors to the Borrower with respect to any Portfolio Asset included in the Borrowers Collateral. 

-116- 

(d) Amendments to Portfolio Assets. The Portfolio Asset Servicer will deliver to the
Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Collateral Custodian a copy of any amendment, restatement, supplement, waiver or other modification to the Underlying Agreement of any Portfolio Asset (along with any internal documents that are
not privileged prepared by its investment committee (or prepared by the Counterparty Lender or Underlying Agent and provided to the Counterparty Lenders investment committee) in connection with such amendment, restatement, supplement, waiver
or other modification) within 45 days after the end of each quarter (in each case, to the extent received by the Portfolio Asset Servicer). The Applicable Servicer shall also deliver to the Lenders any notice or other correspondence that it receives
hereunder or with respect to any Portfolio Asset, in each case, to the extent it deems such material in accordance with the Servicing Standard, promptly upon receipt thereof. 

(e) Delivery Methods. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, information required to be delivered or submitted to
any Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date upon which such information is received through e-mail or another delivery method reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 8.09 The Applicable Servicer Not to Resign. The Applicable Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it
except (a) upon the Applicable Servicers determination that (i) the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes impermissible under Applicable Law and (ii) there is no reasonable action that the Applicable Servicer could take
to make the performance of its duties hereunder permissible under Applicable Law or (b) Carlyle Secured Lending III, Inc., as initial Portfolio Asset Servicer hereunder, may resign as
Portfolio Asset Servicer and Barings Finance LLC, as Calculation Agent hereunder, may resign as Calculation Agent, in each case upon prior notice to the other parties hereto upon the selection of a Replacement Servicer for such Applicable Servicer
or (c) upon at least 60 days prior notice to the other parties hereto. If no successor servicer shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor Applicable Servicer shall not have been delivered to the Applicable
Servicer within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Applicable Servicer may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Applicable Servicer. No such resignation shall become
effective until a Replacement Servicer shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Applicable Servicer in accordance with Section 8.02. In the case of the Calculation Agent, any Fees then due and owing to the
Calculation Agent and accrued through such date, including any expenses or indemnities it is entitled to pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and any Fee Letter, shall be due and payable on such discharge date and shall be paid from amounts
in the Collection Accounts in accordance with Section 2.08 and if such amounts are insufficient to pay such amounts then due and owing, shall be paid by the Borrower (or the Lenders if the Borrower fails to so pay such amounts) within 10
Business Days of receipt of an invoice therefor. 

SECTION 8.10 Indemnification of the Calculation Agent. Each Lender agrees to indemnify the
Calculation Agent from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted
against the Calculation Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, or any action taken or omitted by the Calculation Agent hereunder or thereunder; provided that (a) the
Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Calculation Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct
as determined in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction and (b) no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Majority Lenders, Lenders or the Borrower shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful
misconduct for purposes of this Article VIII. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Calculation Agent, promptly upon 

-117- 

demand, for any Fees due to it hereunder, out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Calculation Agent in connection with the administration, modification, amendment or
enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, to the extent that such expenses are incurred in the
interests of or otherwise in respect of the Calculation Agent or Lenders hereunder or thereunder and to the extent that the Calculation Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower under Section 2.08. 

SECTION 8.11 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Calculation Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a
Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Calculation Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include
the Person serving as the Calculation Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and
generally engage in any kind of business with, the Borrower and Holdings, or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Calculation Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 

ARTICLE IX. 

COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN

SECTION 9.01 Designation of Collateral Custodian. 

(a) Initial Collateral Custodian. The role of Collateral Custodian with respect to the Required Loan Documents shall be conducted by the
Person designated as Collateral Custodian hereunder from time to time in accordance with this Section 9.01. Each of the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby designate and appoint Wilmington Trust, National Association to
act as its agent and hereby authorizes the Collateral Custodian to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly granted to the Collateral Custodian by this Agreement; provided, that the
Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to such appointment. The Collateral Custodian hereby accepts such agency appointment to act as Collateral Custodian and agrees to perform the duties and obligations with respect thereto
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Collateral Custodian pursuant to the terms hereof. The Collateral Custodian is hereby directed to execute and deliver each of the Transaction Documents to which it is
intended to be a party . 

(b) Successor Collateral Custodian. Upon the Collateral Custodians receipt of a Collateral Custodian
Termination Notice from the Administrative Agent of the designation of a successor Collateral Custodian pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.05, the Collateral Custodian agrees that it will terminate its activities as Collateral
Custodian hereunder. 

(c) The parties acknowledge that in accordance with the Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements under the
USA Patriot Act and its implementing regulations, the Collateral Custodian in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that
establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Collateral Custodian. The Borrower hereby agrees that it shall provide the Collateral Custodian with such information as it may request including, but not limited to, the Borrowers name,
physical address, tax identification number and other information that will help the Collateral Custodian to identify and verify the Borrowers identity such as organizational documents, certificate of good standing, license to do business, or
other pertinent identifying information. 

-118- 

SECTION 9.02 Duties of Collateral Custodian. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b)
Duties. The Collateral Custodian shall perform, on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the following duties and obligations: 

(i) The Collateral Custodian shall take and retain custody of the Required Loan Documents delivered by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 5.01(f) in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all for the benefit of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. Within ten (10) Business Days of its receipt of the Required Loan
Documents for any Portfolio Asset, the Loan Asset Schedule and the related Loan Asset Checklist, the Collateral Custodian shall review such Required Loan Documents to confirm that (A) all Required Loan Documents for such Loan Asset File have been
executed (either an original or a copy, as indicated on the related Loan Asset Checklist) and have no mutilated pages, (B) filed stamped copies of the UCC financing statements and other filings identified on the related Loan Asset Checklist are
included, (C) if listed on the related Loan Asset Checklist, a copy of an Insurance Policy or insurance certificate with respect to any real or personal property constituting the Underlying Collateral for such Portfolio Asset is included and
(D) the stated balance, Portfolio Asset number and Obligor name, as applicable, with respect to such Portfolio Asset is referenced on the Loan Asset Schedule (such items in clauses (A) through (D) above, collectively,
the Review Criteria). In order to facilitate the foregoing review by the Collateral Custodian, in connection with each delivery of Required Loan Documents hereunder to the Collateral Custodian, the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall
provide to the Collateral Custodian a hard copy or an electronic copy of the related Loan Asset Checklist which contains the Portfolio Asset information with respect to the Required Loan Documents being delivered, Portfolio Asset number and the name
of the Obligor with respect to such Portfolio Asset. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Collateral Custodians obligation to review the Required Loan Documents for any Loan Asset shall be limited to the Review Criteria based
on the information provided on the related Loan Asset Checklist. If, at the conclusion of such review, the Collateral Custodian shall determine that (1) the stated balance of the Loan Asset with respect to which it has received the Required
Loan Documents is not as is set forth on the Loan Asset Schedule, the Collateral Custodian shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Portfolio Asset Servicer of such discrepancy within one Business Day or (2) any
Review Criteria is not satisfied, the Collateral Custodian shall within one Business Day notify the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Calculation Agent and the Administrative Agent of such determination and provide the Portfolio Asset Servicer with a
list of the non-complying Portfolio Assets and the applicable Review Criteria that they fail to satisfy, which the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall promptly provide to the Borrower upon receipt of such. The Borrower shall have five (5) Business
Days after notice or knowledge thereof to correct any non-compliance with any Review Criteria. In addition, if requested in writing (in the form of Exhibit E) by the Portfolio Asset Servicer and approved by the Majority Lenders within 10
Business Days of the Collateral Custodians delivery of such report, the Collateral Custodian shall return any Required Loan Documents which fails to satisfy a Review Criteria to the Borrower. Other than the foregoing, the Collateral Custodian
shall not have any responsibility for reviewing any Loan Asset File. 

-119- 

(ii) In taking and retaining custody of the Required Loan Documents, the
Collateral Custodian shall be deemed to be acting as the agent of and on behalf of the Secured Parties; provided that (A) the Collateral Custodian makes no representations as to the existence, perfection or priority of any Lien on the
Loan Asset Files or the instruments therein and (B) the Collateral Custodians duties shall be limited to those expressly contemplated herein. 

(iii) All Required Loan Documents physically delivered to the Collateral Custodian shall be kept in fire resistant vaults,
rooms or cabinets at the locations specified on the address of the Collateral Custodian in Schedule III hereto, or at such other office as shall be specified to the Administrative Agent and the Portfolio Asset Servicer by the Collateral
Custodian in a written notice delivered at least 30 days prior to such change. All Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files delivered to the Collateral Custodian shall be placed together with an appropriate identifying label and
maintained in such a manner so as to permit retrieval and access. The Collateral Custodian shall segregate the Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files delivered to the Collateral Custodian on its inventory system and will not
commingle the physical Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files delivered to the Collateral Custodian with any other files of the Collateral Custodian; provided the Collateral Custodian shall segregate any commingled files upon
written request of the Majority Lenders. 

(iv) On the 12th calendar day of every month (or if such day is not a Business
Day, the next succeeding Business Day), the Collateral Custodian shall provide a written report to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Calculation Agent (in a form mutually agreeable to the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the
Majority Lenders) and the Collateral Custodian) identifying each Loan Asset for which it holds a Loan Asset File and the applicable Review Criteria that any Loan Asset File fails to satisfy. 

(v) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Custodian shall not
have any fiduciary relationship with any party hereto or any Secured Party in its capacity as such, and no implied covenants, functions, obligations or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or otherwise
exist against the Collateral Custodian. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is hereby expressly agreed and stipulated by the other parties hereto that the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to exercise any discretion
hereunder and shall have no investment or management responsibility. 

(c) Collateral Matters. 

(i) The Collateral Custodian agrees to cooperate with the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, Initial Lender and the
Portfolio Asset Servicer and deliver any Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files delivered to the Collateral Custodian to the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Calculation Agent, Initial lender or the Administrative Agent (pursuant to a
written request in the form of Exhibit E), as applicable, as requested in order to take any action that the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) or the Calculation Agent deems necessary or reasonably
desirable in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interests granted by the Borrower hereunder, or to enable 

-120- 

any of them to exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder or under any Transaction Document, including any rights arising with respect to Article VI. In the event the
Collateral Custodian receives instructions from the Applicable Servicer which conflict with any instructions received by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Custodian shall rely on and follow the instructions given by the Administrative Agent.

(ii) The Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) may direct the Collateral Custodian to
take any such incidental action hereunder. With respect to other actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Custodian hereunder, the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to take any such incidental
action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the direction of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Collateral Custodian shall not be
required to take any action hereunder at the request of the Administrative Agent, any Secured Party or otherwise if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Custodian, (A) shall be in violation of any
Applicable Law or contrary to any provisions of this Agreement or (B) shall expose the Collateral Custodian to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received indemnity which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect
thereto). In the event the Collateral Custodian requests the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Custodian does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days of its
receipt of such request, then the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have declined to consent to the relevant action. 

(iii) The Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the
request or direction of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct the Collateral Custodian, or the Administrative Agent. The Collateral Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice or
knowledge of any matter hereunder, including an Event of Default, unless a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Custodian has knowledge of such matter or written notice thereof is received by the Collateral Custodian. Notice or knowledge of any
matter by the Administrative Agent and other publicly available information shall not constitute notice or actual knowledge of the Collateral Custodian. The Collateral Custodians receipt of reports (including monthly distribution reports) and
any publicly available information, shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein. 

SECTION 9.03 Merger or Consolidation. Any Person (a) into which the Collateral Custodian may be merged or consolidated, (b) that may result
from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Custodian shall be a party or (c) that may succeed to the corporate trust business of the Collateral Custodian substantially as a whole, which Person in any of the foregoing cases
executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Collateral Custodian hereunder, shall be the successor to the Collateral Custodian under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 

-121- 

SECTION 9.04 Collateral Custodian Compensation. As compensation for its Collateral Custodian
activities hereunder, the Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to the Collateral Custodian Fees from the Borrower as set forth in the Collateral Custodian Fee Letter, payable pursuant to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to the
provisions of Section 2.08; provided that if such amounts are insufficient then Sections 9.12 and 11.07 shall be applicable. The Collateral Custodians entitlement to receive the Collateral Custodian Fees shall
cease on the earlier to occur of (i) its removal as Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section 9.05, (ii) its resignation as Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section 9.07 of this Agreement or (iii) the
termination of this Agreement; provided that the Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to any Fees accrued and payable up to such date to the extent not previously paid. 

SECTION 9.05 Collateral Custodian Removal. The Majority Lenders may, and to the extent an Event of Default is not continuing, with the written consent
of the Borrower, by at least 30 days written notice to the Collateral Custodian (the Collateral Custodian Termination Notice) terminate all of the rights, obligations, power and authority of the Collateral Custodian under
this Agreement. On and after the receipt by the Collateral Custodian of a Collateral Custodian Termination Notice, the Collateral Custodian shall continue to act in such capacity until the date specified in the Collateral Custodian Termination
Notice or otherwise specified by the Majority Lenders in writing or, if no such date is specified in such Collateral Custodian Termination Notice or otherwise specified by the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders, until a date mutually
agreed upon by the Collateral Custodian and the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders, in any case such date shall not be less than 30 days after receipt of the Collateral Custodian Termination Notice. Upon any such removal, the Borrower and
the Majority Lenders acting jointly shall appoint a successor Collateral Custodian (provided that the consent of the Borrower shall not be required after the occurrence, and during the continuance, of an Event of Default). If no successor
Collateral Custodian shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor Collateral Custodian shall not have been delivered to the Initial Lender and the Borrower within 30 days after the giving of such notice of removal, the
outgoing Collateral Custodian may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Custodian or deliver all Required Loan Documents in its possession to the Calculation Agent or Initial Lender. The
Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to receive, to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to Section 2.08, any Fees accrued until such termination date as well as any other fees, amounts, expenses or indemnities it is
entitled to pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and any Fee Letter (the Collateral Custodian Termination Expenses). To the extent amounts held in the Collection Accounts and paid in accordance with
Section 2.08 are insufficient to pay the Collateral Custodian Termination Expenses, the Borrower (and to the extent the Borrower fails to so pay, the Lenders) agree to pay the Collateral Custodian Termination Expenses within 10 Business
Days of receipt of an invoice therefor. After the earlier of (a) the termination date specified in the applicable Collateral Custodian Termination Notice and (b) 30 days thereafter as provided above, the Collateral Custodian agrees that it
will terminate its activities as Collateral Custodian hereunder in a manner that the Majority Lenders believes will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to a successor Collateral Custodian, and the successor Collateral
Custodian shall assume each and all of the Collateral Custodians obligations under this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and the Collateral Custodian shall provide to such successor Collateral Custodian
such documents as reasonably requested and in the possession of the Collateral Custodian. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Competitor shall be appointed as a successor Collateral Custodian (and the proviso to the definition of
Competitor shall be disregarded for purposes of this sentence). 

SECTION 9.06 Limitation on Liability. 

(a) The Collateral Custodian may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice,
letter, resolution, report, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed by the
proper party or parties. The Collateral Custodian may rely conclusively on and shall be fully protected in acting upon (i) the written instructions of any designated officer of the Administrative Agent or (ii) the verbal instructions of
the Administrative Agent. 

-122- 

(b) The Collateral Custodian may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the advice or
opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. 

(c) The Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith,
or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith, except in the case of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 

(d) The Collateral Custodian makes no warranty or representation (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) and shall have no
responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability of any Loan Asset File, and will not be required to and will
not make any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Portfolio Assets. The Collateral Custodian shall not be obligated to take any action hereunder that might in its judgment be
contrary to Applicable Law or involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it. 

(e) The Collateral Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in
this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Collateral Custodian. 

(f) The Collateral
Custodian shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds in the performance of its duties hereunder. 

(g) It is expressly agreed and
acknowledged that the Collateral Custodian is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to a Portfolio Asset. 

(h) Subject in all cases to Section 9.02(c), in case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Collateral
Custodian may, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, request instructions from the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer and may, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, request instructions from the Majority Lenders or Calculation
Agent, and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received instructions from the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Majority Lenders or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. The Collateral Custodian
shall in all events have no liability, risk or cost for any action taken pursuant to and in compliance with the instruction of the Borrower, Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Majority Lenders or the Calculation Agent. In no event shall the Collateral
Custodian be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Collateral Custodian has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and
regardless of the form of action. 

-123- 

(i) In no event shall the Collateral Custodian be responsible or liable for any failure or
delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of circumstances beyond its control, including, but not limited to, any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority; acts of God; earthquakes;
fires; floods; wars; terrorism; civil or military disturbances; sabotage; epidemics; riots; interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications service; accidents; labor disputes; acts of civil or
military authority or governmental actions; or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility; it being understood that the Collateral Custodian shall use commercially reasonable efforts which
are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstance. 

(j) The Collateral Custodian shall have no responsibility and shall have no liability for (i) giving, executing, delivering, authorizing,
preparing, recording, filing, re-recording or re-filing any financing statement, continuation statement, document, instrument or other notice, agreement, consent or other papers in any public office at any time or times, (ii) the correctness of
any such financing statement, continuation statement, document or instrument or other such notice, agreement, consent or other papers, (iii) taking any action to perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest granted to it
hereunder or otherwise or (iv) the validity, legality, enforceability or perfection or priority of any such lien or security interest. 

(k) It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Custodian is not guaranteeing or overseeing performance of or assuming any
liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to a Loan Asset. 

(l) The Collateral Custodian shall be under no
obligation to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, exhibit, request, representation, opinion, certificate, statement, acknowledgement, consent, order or document in the Loan Asset File or any other document or
instrument other than as expressly provided for herein. 

(m) It is expressly acknowledged by the parties hereto that application and
performance by the Collateral Custodian of its various duties hereunder shall be based upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notice provided to it by the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Calculation Agent and/or any related
bank agent, obligor or similar party, and the Collateral Custodian shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such information or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or
appropriate). 

(k) The Collateral Custodian may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any
other Transaction Document by or through any one or more agents, sub-agents or attorneys appointed by the Collateral Custodian. The Collateral Custodian and any such agents, sub-agent or attorneys may perform any and all of its duties and exercise
its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such party and to the Related Parties of the Collateral Custodian and any such party. The Collateral Custodian shall
not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any unaffiliated agent, sub-agents or attorney appointed by it with due care. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Collateral Custodian shall not appoint any Competitor as a
sub-agent. 

-124- 

SECTION 9.07 Collateral Custodian Resignation. 

(a) The Collateral Custodian shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except (i) upon the Collateral
Custodians determination that (A) the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes impermissible under Applicable Law and (B) there is no reasonable action that the Collateral Custodian could take to make the performance of its
duties hereunder permissible under Applicable Law or (ii) upon at least 90 days prior notice to the other parties hereto. Upon any such resignation, the Borrower and the Majority Lenders acting jointly shall appoint a successor Collateral
Custodian (provided that the consent of the Borrower shall not be required after the occurrence, and during the continuance, of an Event of Default). If no successor Collateral Custodian shall have been appointed and an instrument of
acceptance by a successor Collateral Custodian shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Custodian within 45 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Collateral Custodian may petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Custodian or deliver all Required Loan Documents in its possession to the Calculation Agent or Initial Lender. No Competitor shall be appointed as a successor Collateral Custodian. No such
resignation shall become effective until a successor Collateral Custodian shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Collateral Custodian. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Competitor shall be appointed as a
successor Collateral Custodian. 

(b) Upon the effective date of such resignation, or if the Majority Lenders gives Collateral Custodian
written notice of an earlier termination hereof, the Collateral Custodian shall (i) be reimbursed for any costs, fees and expenses that the Collateral Custodian shall incur in connection with its resignation or the termination of its duties
under this Agreement and (ii) deliver all of the Required Loan Documents in the possession of Collateral Custodian to the Majority Lenders or to such Person as the Majority Lenders may designate to Collateral Custodian in writing upon the
receipt of a request in the form of Exhibit E; provided that the Borrower consents to any successor Collateral Custodian appointed by the Majority Lenders (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 

SECTION 9.08 Release of Documents. 

(a)
Release for Servicing. From time to time and as appropriate for the enforcement or servicing of any Portfolio Asset, the Collateral Custodian is hereby authorized (unless and until such authorization is revoked by the Administrative Agent
(acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) during the continuation of an Event of Default), upon written receipt from the Portfolio Asset Servicer of a request for release of documents and receipt in the form of Exhibit E, to release
to the Portfolio Asset Servicer within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such request, the related Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset File held by the Collateral Custodian or the documents set forth in such request. All
documents so released to the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall be held by the Portfolio Asset Servicer in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Portfolio
Asset Servicer shall return to the Collateral Custodian such Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files held by the Collateral Custodian or other such documents (i) promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent (acting at
the direction of the Majority Lenders) during the continuation of an Event of Default or (ii) when the Portfolio Asset Servicers need therefor in connection with such enforcement or servicing no longer exists, unless the related Portfolio
Asset is liquidated, in which case, the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall deliver an additional request for release of documents to the Collateral Custodian and receipt certifying such liquidation from the Portfolio Asset Servicer to the Administrative
Agent, all in the form of Exhibit E. 

-125- 

(b) Limitation on Release. Promptly after delivery to the Collateral Custodian of any
request for release of documents, the Portfolio Asset Servicer shall provide notice of the same to the Administrative Agent. During the continuation of an Event of Default, any additional Required Loan Documents or documents requested to be released
by the Portfolio Asset Servicer may be released only upon written authorization of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders). The limitations of this Section 9.08(b) shall not apply to the release of
Required Loan Documents and any other Loan Asset Files held by the Collateral Custodian to the Portfolio Asset Servicer pursuant to Section 9.08(a). 

SECTION 9.09 Return of Loan Asset Files. The Borrower may, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent to be given at the
direction of the Majority Lenders and not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), or the Portfolio Asset Servicer may require that the Collateral Custodian return each Loan Asset File (a) delivered to the Collateral Custodian in
error or (b) released from the Lien of the Administrative Agent hereunder pursuant to Section 2.11, in each case by submitting to the Collateral Custodian a written request in the form of Exhibit E (signed by the Borrower
with respect to the Portfolio Assets and, during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent) specifying the Loan Asset File to be so returned and reciting that the conditions to such release have been met (and specifying the
Section or Sections of this Agreement being relied upon for such release). For the avoidance of doubt, unless an Event of Default is continuing, no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required in connection with any such release of a Loan
Asset File in accordance with this Section. The Collateral Custodian shall upon its receipt of each such request for return executed by the Borrower and the Portfolio Asset Servicer or, during the continuation of an Event of Default, Administrative
Agent promptly, but in any event within five (5) Business Days, return the Loan Asset File so requested to the Borrower or the Portfolio Asset Servicer, as applicable. 

SECTION 9.10 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Collateral; Audits of Portfolio Asset Servicer. The Collateral Custodian
shall provide to the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer and the Calculation Agent access to the Loan Asset Files held by the Collateral Custodian and all other documentation regarding the Collateral including in such cases where the
Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer or Calculation Agent is required in connection with the enforcement of the rights or interests of the Secured Parties, or by applicable statutes or regulations, to review such documentation, such
access being afforded without charge but only (a) upon four Business Days prior written request, (b) during normal business hours and (c) subject to the Collateral Custodians normal security and confidentiality procedures.
Periodically on and after the Closing Date, the Initial Lender may review the Portfolio Asset Servicers collection and administration of the Loan Asset Files in order to assess compliance by the Portfolio Asset Servicer with the Servicing
Standard, as well as with this Agreement and may conduct an audit of the Loan Asset Files in conjunction with such a review. Such review shall be reasonable in scope and shall be completed in a reasonable period of time; provided that, if no
Event of Default is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall be allowed one such review per calendar year. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.10, from time to time (and, in any case, a minimum of three times
during each calendar year) upon reasonable notice to the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Custodian shall permit independent public accountants or other auditors appointed by the Portfolio Asset Servicer to conduct, at the expense of the
Borrower, a review of the Loan Asset Files and all other documentation regarding the Collateral. 

-126- 

SECTION 9.11 Bailment. The Collateral Custodian agrees that, with respect to any Loan Asset File at
any time or times in its possession or held in its name, the Collateral Custodian is the agent and bailee of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, for purposes of perfecting (to the extent not otherwise perfected) the
Administrative Agents security interest in the Collateral and for the purpose of ensuring that such security interest is entitled to first priority status under the UCC. 

SECTION 9.12 Indemnification of the Collateral Custodian. Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Collateral Custodian from and against any and all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses and court costs, (but
excluding the fees and expenses of its internal legal counsel and all ordinary internal costs, consisting of overhead and employee costs and expenses incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with its obligations under the Transaction Documents) of
any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Collateral Custodian in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, including those incurred in
connection with any action taken or omitted by the Collateral Custodian hereunder or thereunder; provided that (a) the Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Collateral Custodians gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction and (b) no action taken in
accordance with the directions of the Majority Lenders, the Lenders or the Borrower shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Article IX. 

SECTION 9.13 In executing, delivering and performing under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document, each of the Account Bank and the Administrative
Agent shall be entitled to all of the same rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities granted to the Collateral Custodian in this Agreement, mutatis mutandis; provided that such rights, benefits, protection, immunities and indemnities
are in addition to any rights, benefits, protection, immunities and indemnities provided to the Account Bank or the Administrative Agent in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

ARTICLE X. 

INDEMNIFICATION 

SECTION 10.01 Indemnities by the Borrower. 

(a) Without limiting any other rights which the Secured Parties or any of their respective Affiliates may have hereunder or under Applicable
Law, the Borrower shall indemnify the Secured Parties and each of their respective Affiliates, assigns, officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an Indemnified Party for purposes of this Article X) from and against
any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, suits or proceedings at law or in equity and related costs, fees and expenses, including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and disbursements and expenses and costs of enforcement of this
Agreement or any provision thereof (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as Indemnified Amounts), incurred by or asserted against such Indemnified Party arising out of or as a result of (i) this Agreement or
the other Transaction Documents or in respect of any of the Collateral, (ii) any Advance or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any action taken or omitted 

-127- 

to be taken by any Indemnified Party under this Agreement or any Transaction Document, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the
foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, and regardless of whether any Indemnified Party is a party thereto, excluding, however, Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting
from gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of such Indemnified Party as determined in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction. This Section 10.01 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any
Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(b) Any amounts subject to the indemnification
provisions of this Section 10.01 shall be paid by the Borrower to the applicable Indemnified Party within thirty days following receipt by the Borrower of the written demand therefor on behalf of the applicable Indemnified Party. Any
request for indemnification under this Section 10.01 shall be in the form of a notice setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the computations of the Indemnified Amounts with respect to which such indemnification is
requested. 

(c) If for any reason the indemnification provided above in this Section 10.01 is unavailable to the Indemnified
Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities and related costs and expenses (in each case, other than as a result of the express limitations set forth therein), then the
Borrower shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities and related costs and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative
benefits received by such Indemnified Party on the one hand and the Borrower on the other hand but also the relative fault of such Indemnified Party as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 

(d) If the Borrower has made any payments in respect of Indemnified Amounts to the Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 10.01
and such Indemnified Party thereafter collects any of such amounts from others, such Indemnified Party will promptly repay such amounts collected to the Borrower in an amount equal to the amount it has collected from others in respect of such
Indemnified Amounts, without interest. 

(e) The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 10.01 shall survive the
resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Account Bank or the Collateral Custodian or the termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.02 [Reserved]. 

ARTICLE XI. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 11.01 Amendments and
Waivers. 

(a) Except as set forth herein, (i) no amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document shall be effective without the written agreement of the Borrower and the Majority Lenders and, solely if such amendment or modification would adversely affect the rights or obligations of the Administrative Agent, the
Calculation Agent or the Collateral Custodian, the written agreement of the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Collateral Custodian, as applicable, and (ii) no termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any 

-128- 

other Transaction Document or consent to any departure therefrom by the Borrower or the Calculation Agent
shall be effective without the written concurrence of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Custodian (to the extent party thereto or directly affected thereby) and the Majority Lenders. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11.01(a), the
written consent of all of the Lenders shall be required for any amendment, modification or waiver (i) reducing (without payment thereon) the principal amount due and owing under any outstanding Advance or the interest thereon, (ii) postponing
any date for any payment of any Advance or the interest thereon, (iii) modifying the provisions of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Majority Lenders or any other provision specifying the number or percentage of Lenders
required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights or make any determination or grant any consent, (iv) extending the Stated Maturity Date or Revolving Period, (v) of any provision of Section 2.08(a) through (d),
(vi) extend or increase any Commitment of any Lender, (vii) change Section 11.15 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely
affected thereby, (viii) waive any condition set forth in Section 3.02 or (viii) consent to the Borrowers assignment or transfer of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or release
all or substantially all of the Collateral except as expressly authorized in this Agreement. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent that by its terms requires the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender may be
effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (A) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended, or the maturity of any of its Advances may not be extended, the rate
of interest on any of its Advances may not be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Advances may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (B) any amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent
of all the Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than the other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

(d) If KBRA is providing a rating with respect to the Borrower, then the Borrower shall provide notice to KBRA of any amendment to or
termination of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

SECTION 11.02 Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications hereunder shall,
unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (which shall include facsimile communication and communication by e-mail) and faxed, e-mailed or delivered, to each party hereto, at its address set forth on Schedule III or at such other address
as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. Notices and communications by facsimile and e-mail shall be effective when sent (and shall be followed by hard copy sent by regular mail), and notices and
communications sent by other means shall be effective when received. 

SECTION 11.03 No Waiver Remedies. No failure on the part of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

-129- 

SECTION 11.04 Binding Effect; Assignability; Multiple Lenders. 

(a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the
Administrative Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Custodian and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Each Lender and their respective successors and assigns may assign, or grant a security interest in, (i) this Agreement and such
Lenders rights and obligations hereunder and interest herein in whole or in part or (ii) any Advance (or portion thereof), to any Eligible Assignee; provided that unless an Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) shall be required for a Lender to assign to any Person that is not an Affiliate of such Lender; provided, further, that in no circumstance
(unless an Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) may any Lender assign, or grant a security interest in (i) this Agreement and such Lenders rights and obligations hereunder and interest herein in
whole or in part or (ii) any Advance (or portion thereof), to a Competitor. Any such assignee shall execute and deliver to the Calculation Agent, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a fully-executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement.
The parties to any such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in its books and records, such agreement or document as may be satisfactory to such parties and the Administrative Agent
(including any administrative detail form and any tax forms reasonably required by the Administrative Agent). Neither the Borrower nor the Applicable Servicer may assign, or permit any Lien to exist upon, any of its rights or obligations hereunder
or under any Transaction Document or any interest herein or in any Transaction Document without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders unless otherwise contemplated hereby. Each Lender may sell a participation in its interests hereunder
as provided in Section 11.04(d). No assignment or sale of a participation under this Section 11.04 shall be effective unless and until properly recorded in the Register or Participant Register, as applicable, pursuant to
Section 2.03. 

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 11.04, any Lender may at any time pledge or
grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights (including rights to payment of principal and interest) under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender to a Federal Reserve Bank (a Liquidity Agreement),
without notice to or consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent; provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or under such Liquidity Agreement, or
substitute any such pledgee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto or to such Liquidity Agreement, as the case may be. 

(c) Each
Indemnified Party shall be an express third party beneficiary of this Agreement. 

(d) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of,
or notice to the Borrower or without the consent of, but with notice to, the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person such Lender reasonably believes is a Qualified Purchaser (other than a natural Person, or a holding company,
investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates that in each case is not a Competitor) (each, a Participant) in all or a
portion of such Lenders rights or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment or the Advances owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain
unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely 

-130- 

responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such
Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) such Lender shall register such participation in its Participation Register pursuant to Section 2.03(c). Any agreement or instrument
pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that
such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in Section 11.01(b) that affects such Participant. 

SECTION 11.05 Term of This Agreement. This Agreement, including the Borrowers representations and covenants set forth in Articles IV and
V, Holdings representations and covenants set forth in Articles IV and V, the Applicable Servicers representations, covenants and duties set forth in Articles IV, V and VIII and the Collateral
Custodians representations, covenants and duties set forth in Articles IV, V, and IX shall remain in full force and effect until this Agreement has been terminated by the Borrower and the Facility Termination Date has
occurred; provided that any representation made or deemed made hereunder survive the execution and delivery hereof and the provisions of Section 2.06, Section 2.12, Section 2.13, Section 7.13,
Section 11.07, Section 11.08 and Article VII, Article VIII, Article IX and Article X shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 11.06GOVERNING LAW; JURY WAIVER. THIS AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER.

SECTION 11.07 Costs, Expenses and Taxes. 

(a) In addition to the rights of indemnification hereunder, the Borrower shall pay on demand (i) all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian incurred in connection with the pre-closing due diligence, preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, syndication, renewal, amendment or modification of, any waiver or consent issued in connection with, this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith,
including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of rating agency and accounting costs and fees, the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Calculation Agent,
the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Account Bank and the Collateral Custodian with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Account Bank, the Lenders and the
Collateral Custodian as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith; provided that the aggregate costs and expenses of the Lenders and the
Calculation Agent that are payable under this Section 11.07(a)(i) shall not exceed (a) $250,000 in connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and
(b) $100,000 per annum thereafter; (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket counsel fees and expenses), incurred by the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Account Bank or the Collateral Custodian in connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement of its rights, in each 

-131- 

case, (a) under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or (b) in connection herewith or in connection with the Advances made
hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances; (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket counsel fees and expenses), incurred by the Borrower in connection with obtaining an initial investment grade rating of the Borrower by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization at the direction of the Lender,
and in connection with the maintenance of such rating. 

(b) The Borrower shall pay promptly in accordance with Applicable Law any and all
present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes payable or determined to be payable to any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of,
receipt or perfection of a security interest under, filing and recording of this Agreement, or any other Transaction Documents, or otherwise in connection with this agreement or any Transaction Document, except any such Taxes or fees that are
imposed as the result of any present or former connection between any Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any loan made pursuant to this Agreement) with
respect to an assignment (Other Taxes). 

SECTION 11.08 Recourse Against Certain Parties; Non-Petition. 

(a) No recourse under or with respect to any obligation, covenant or agreement (including the payment of any fees or any other obligations) of
the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party as contained in this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document entered into by the Calculation
Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall be held against any administrator of the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset
Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party or any incorporator, Affiliate, stockholder, officer, employee or director of the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral
Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party or of any such administrator, as such, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly
agreed and understood that the agreements of each party hereto contained in this Agreement and all of the other agreements, instruments and documents entered into by the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party pursuant hereto or in connection herewith are, in each case, solely the corporate obligations of such party (and nothing in this Section 11.08 shall be construed to diminish in any
way such corporate obligations of such party), and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to or be incurred by any administrator of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party or any incorporator, stockholder, Affiliate,
officer, employee or director of the Lenders, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian or the Administrative Agent or of any such administrator, as such, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the
obligations, covenants or agreements of the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party contained in this Agreement or in any other such instruments, documents
or agreements, or are implied therefrom, and that any and 

-132- 

all personal liability of every such administrator of the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party and
each incorporator, stockholder, Affiliate, officer, employee or director of the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party or of any such administrator, or
any of them, for breaches by the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party of any such obligations, covenants or agreements, which liability may arise either
at common law or in equity, by statute or constitution, or otherwise, is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 

(b) Notwithstanding any contrary provision set forth herein, no claim may be made by any Person against the Borrower, the Calculation Agent,
the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, or any Secured Party or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or
punitive damages in respect to any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and the
parties hereto hereby waive, release, and agree not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected. 

(c) No obligation or liability to any Obligor under any of the Portfolio Assets is intended to be assumed by the Calculation Agent, the
Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any Secured Party under or as a result of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(d) The provisions of this Section 11.08 survive the termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 11.09 Execution in Counterparts; Severability; Integration. 

(a) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Each of the parties hereto consents to the use of electronic signatures and electronic contracts in connection with
this Agreement, any other Transaction Document and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, but expressly excluding each Revolving Loan Note. Delivery of an executed counterparty of a signature page to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Documents (other than any Revolving Loan Note) by emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this
Agreement or such other Transaction Document. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures approved by the Loan Parties, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, the Collateral Custodian and the Administrative Agent (and, for the avoidance of
doubt, electronic signatures utilizing the DocuSign platform shall be deemed approved), or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the
use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and
Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require any party hereto to 

-133- 

accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively
rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity
thereof. 

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto hereby agree that this Section 11.09 shall apply in equal force and have
the same enforceability, validity and admissibility to each other Transaction Document and any amendment, restatement, modification, reaffirmation, assignment and acceptance or other document related to this Agreement or such other Transaction
Document whether or not expressly stated therein. Even though the parties hereto agree that such electronic signatures are legally enforceable and intended to be effective for all purposes, the signing parties agree if requested by any party hereto
to promptly deliver to such party the original document bearing an original manual signature, in order to reduce the risk of fraud, comply with potentially applicable regulations, or for other operational or risk management purposes. 

(c) In the event that any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This Agreement and any agreements or letters
(including Fee Letters) executed in connection herewith contains the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior oral or written understandings other than any Fee Letter delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date. 

SECTION 11.10 Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process. 

(a) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or Federal court sitting in New York City
in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Transaction Documents, and each party hereto hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or,
to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent they may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding. The parties
hereto agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 

(b) Each of the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Servicer and the Calculation Agent agrees that service of process may be effected by mailing a
copy thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Borrower, the Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, at its address specified in Schedule III hereto or at such other address as the
Administrative Agent shall have been notified in accordance herewith. Nothing in this Section 11.10 shall affect the right of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Custodian to serve legal process in any other manner
permitted by law. 

-134- 

SECTION 11.11 Confidentiality. 

(a) Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Calculation Agent and the Collateral Custodian shall maintain and shall cause each of
its Affiliates, employees, officers, directors and agents to maintain the confidentiality of all Information (as defined below), including all Information regarding the business of the Obligors, the Borrower, the Calculation Agent and the Portfolio
Asset Servicer and their respective businesses obtained by it or them in connection with the structuring, negotiating and execution of the transactions contemplated herein or the Portfolio Assets, except that Information may be disclosed (i) to
its Affiliates, investors (including the direct or indirect limited partners of the Fund), accountants, investigators, auditors, attorneys or other agents, including any rating agency or valuation firm engaged by such party in connection with any
due diligence or comparable activities with respect to the transactions and Portfolio Assets contemplated herein, and the agents of such Persons, taxing authorities and governmental agencies (Excepted Persons); provided
that each Excepted Person is informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential or otherwise is subject to a binding contractual requirement of confidentiality, (ii) as is required by
Applicable Law, (iii) in accordance with the Servicing Standard, (iv) when required by any law, regulation, ordinance, court order or subpoena, (v) to the extent the Portfolio Asset Servicer is disseminating general statistical
information relating to the loans being serviced by the Portfolio Asset Servicer (including the Portfolio Assets) under any Underlying Agreement so long as the Portfolio Asset Servicer does not identify the Obligors, (vi) to the extent the
Calculation Agent is disseminating general statistical information relating to the loans being serviced by the Calculation Agent hereunder so long as the Calculation Agent does not identify the Borrower or any Lender or (vii) in connection with
the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Required Loan Document or any Action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Required Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder. Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions of this Section 11.11(a), the Applicable Servicer may, subject to Applicable Law and the terms of any Underlying Agreements, make available copies of the documents in the Loan Asset Files and such other documents it
holds in its capacity as Portfolio Asset Servicer or Calculation Agent, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, to any of its creditors. 

(b) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower hereby consents to the disclosure of any Information with respect to it
(i) to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Collateral Custodian by each other, (ii) by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer
and the Collateral Custodian to any prospective or actual assignee or participant of any of them (other than a Competitor) provided such Person agrees to hold such information confidential or (iii) by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the
Calculation Agent and the Collateral Custodian to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of a surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to any Lender or any Person providing financing to, or holding Equity Interests in, any
Lender, as applicable, and to any officers, directors, employees, outside accountants and attorneys of any of the foregoing, provided each such Person is informed of the confidential nature of such information. In addition, the Lenders, the
Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer and the Collateral Custodian may disclose any such Information as required pursuant to any law, rule, regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative
or regulatory authority or proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law). 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the foregoing shall not be construed to prohibit (i) disclosure of any and all Information that is or becomes publicly known, (ii) disclosure of any and all Information (A) if required to do so by any applicable statute,
law, rule or regulation, (B) to any government agency or regulatory body having or claiming authority to regulate or oversee any 

-135- 

aspects of the Lenders, the Administrative Agents, the Calculation Agents, the Portfolio Asset Servicers or the Collateral Custodians business or that of their
Affiliates, (C) pursuant to any subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar demand or request of any court, regulatory authority, arbitrator or arbitration to which the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Collateral Custodian, the
Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Calculation Agent or an officer, director, employer, shareholder or Affiliate of any of the foregoing is a party or (D) in any preliminary or final offering circular, registration statement or contract or other
document approved in advance by the Borrower, (iii) any other disclosure authorized by the Borrower or (iv) disclosure of any and all Information that becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Calculation Agent, the
Portfolio Asset Servicer or the Collateral Custodian on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower who did not acquire such information as a result of a breach of this Section 11.11. 

(d) The parties hereto may disclose the existence of the Agreement, but not the financial terms hereof, including all fees and other pricing
terms, all Events of Default, Servicer Termination Events, and priority of payment provisions, in each case except in compliance with this Section 11.11. 

(e) Information means all information received from the Borrower, its Affiliates or agents relating to the Borrower,
Holdings, its Affiliates or its businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Asset Servicer, Collateral Custodian or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to
disclosure by the Borrower; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower, its Affiliates or agents after the Closing Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person
required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 11.11 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the
confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

SECTION 11.12 Non-Confidentiality of Tax
Treatment. All parties hereto agree that each of them and each of their employees, representatives, and other agents may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transaction and
all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to any of them relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. Tax treatment and tax structure shall have the same meaning as such terms
have for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4; provided that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning the tax treatment or tax structure of the transaction as well as
other information, the provisions of this Section 11.12 shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to the tax treatment or tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 11.13 Waiver of Set Off. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at
any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held, and other obligations (in
whatever currency) at any time owing, by such Lender or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the Obligations, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any
demand under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit
or obligated on such indebtedness. Each Lender shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff
and application. 

-136- 

SECTION 11.14 Headings, Schedules and Exhibits. The headings herein are for purposes of references
only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof. The schedules and exhibits attached hereto and referred to herein shall constitute a part of this Agreement and are incorporated into this Agreement for all
purposes. 

SECTION 11.15 Ratable Payments. If any Lender, whether by setoff or otherwise, shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary,
through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) on account of Advances owing to it (other than pursuant to Section 2.12 or Section 2.13) in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of the Advances
obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Advances owing to them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them;
provided that, if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and such Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the
extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lenders ratable share (according to the proportion of (a) the amount of such Lenders required repayment to (b) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing
Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered. 

SECTION 11.16 Failure of
Borrower to Perform Certain Obligations. If the Borrower fails to perform any of its agreements or obligations under Section 5.01(r), the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be required to, and in any case, acting at the
direction of the Majority Lenders) itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement or obligation, and the expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the Borrower promptly upon the Administrative
Agents demand therefore. 

SECTION 11.17 Power of Attorney. 

(a) Each of the Borrower and Holdings irrevocably authorizes the Calculation Agent and the Administrative Agent and appoints the Calculation
Agent and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, as its attorney-in-fact (each of the Administrative Agent and the Calculation Agent, in such capacities, an Attorney), to act on its behalf with respect to the actions described
in paragraph (c) of this Section 11.17. 

(b) No person shall inquire into or seek confirmation from the Borrower or
Holdings, as applicable, as to the authority of Attorney to take any action described in this Section 11.17, or as to the existence of or fulfillment of any condition, which is intended to grant to Attorney unconditionally the authority
to take and perform the actions contemplated herein, and the Borrower and Holdings, as applicable, irrevocably waives any claim against any person or entity that acts in reliance upon or acknowledges the authority granted under this
Section 11.17. The power of attorney granted hereby is coupled with an interest and may not be revoked or canceled by either the Borrower or Holdings until the Facility Termination Date. 

-137- 

(c) With effect after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, both
the Borrower and Holdings, hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Attorney (and all officers, employees or agents designated by Attorney), solely in connection with the enforcement of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent (on behalf
of the Secured Parties), the Lenders and the other Secured Parties under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, with full power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full irrevocable power and authority in the
Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, place and stead and at the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, expense and in the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, name or in Attorneys own name, from time to
time in Attorneys discretion, to take any and all appropriate action and to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments that may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby grants to (i) in the case of clauses (a), (b), (c), (g), (j) and (k) below, the Calculation Agent and (ii) in the case of clauses (d), (e), (f), (h),
(i) and (l), each Attorney, the power and right, on its behalf, without notice to or assent by it, to do the following, but only after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each in accordance with this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents: (a) open mail for the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, and ask, demand, collect, give acquittances and receipts for, take possession of, or endorse and receive payment of, any checks, drafts,
notes, acceptances, or other instruments for the payment of moneys due, and sign and endorse any invoices, freight or express bills, bills of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications, and notices;
(b) effect any repairs to any of the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, assets, or continue or obtain any insurance and pay all or any part of the premiums therefor and costs thereof, and make, settle and adjust all claims under
such policies of insurance, and make all determinations and decisions with respect to such policies; (c) pay or discharge any taxes, Liens, or other encumbrances levied or placed on or threatened against the Borrower and Holding, as applicable,
or the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, property; (d) to the extent related to the Collateral and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against the Borrower
and Holding, as applicable, if the Borrower and Holding, as applicable, does not defend such suit, action or proceeding or if Attorney reasonably believes that it is not pursuing such defense in a manner that will maximize the recovery to Attorney,
and settle, compromise or adjust any suit, action, or proceeding described above and, in connection therewith, give such discharges or releases as Attorney may deem appropriate; (e) to the extent related to any Collateral, file or prosecute any
claim, litigation, suit or proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction or before any arbitrator, or take any other action otherwise deemed appropriate by Attorney for the purpose of collecting any and all such moneys due to the Borrower and
Holding, as applicable, whenever payable and to enforce any other right in respect of the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, property; (f) to the extent related to any Collateral, sell, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with
respect to, or otherwise deal with, any of the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, property, and execute, in connection with such sale or action, any endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer in
connection therewith; (g) to give any necessary receipts or acquittance for amounts collected or received under this Agreement; (h) to make all necessary transfers of the Collateral in connection with any such sale or other disposition
made pursuant to this Agreement; (i) to execute and deliver for value all necessary or appropriate bills of sale, assignments and other instruments in connection with any such sale or other disposition of the Collateral, the Borrower and
Holding, as applicable, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such Attorney (or any substitute) shall lawfully do or cause to be done hereunder and pursuant hereto; (j) to send such notification forms as the Attorney deems appropriate to
give notice to Obligors of the Secured Parties interest in the Collateral; (k) to sign any agreements, orders or other documents in connection with or pursuant to any Transaction Document; (l) to cause the certified public
accountants then engaged by the Borrower and Holding, as applicable, to prepare and deliver to the Calculation Agent at any time and from time to time, promptly upon the Calculation Agents request, any reports

-138- 

required to be prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower and Holding, as applicable, under the Transaction Documents, all as though the Calculation Agent were the absolute owner of the
Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, property for all purposes, and (m) to do, at Attorneys option and the Borrowers and Holdings, as applicable, expense, at any time or from time to time, all acts and other
things that Attorney reasonably deems necessary or desirable (as determined by the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) to perfect and maintain the perfection of and the priority of the interest of the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral, or realize upon the Collateral and the Liens of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, thereon (including without limitation the execution and filing of UCC
financing statements and continuation statements as provided by the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), all as fully and effectively as the Borrower and Holding, as applicable, might do. This appointment is coupled with an
interest and is irrevocable. 

SECTION 11.18 Delivery of Termination Statements, Releases, etc. Upon the occurrence of the Facility Termination
Date, the Administrative Agent, upon direction from the Majority Lenders, shall execute and deliver to the Calculation Agent termination statements, reconveyances, releases and other documents and instruments of release as are necessary or
appropriate to evidence the termination of the Liens securing the Obligations, all at the expense of the Borrower. 

SECTION 11.19 Performance
Conditions. The obligations of the Calculation Agent to effect the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(a) The Calculation Agent shall have (i) completed its due diligence with respect to the Borrower and each Lender in order to satisfy
compliance with laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions in connection with this transaction (e.g., the USA PATRIOT Act, OFAC and related regulations) and (ii) been satisfied with the results of such due diligence in its sole
discretion. 

(b) Contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement and from time to time as necessary during the term of this
Agreement, Holdings and the Borrower shall deliver to the Calculation Agent evidence satisfactory to the Calculation Agent substantiating that it is not a Non-Exempt Person and that the Calculation Agent is not obligated under Applicable Law to
withhold Taxes on sums paid to it with respect to the Portfolio Assets or otherwise under this Agreement. Without limiting the effect of the foregoing, (i) if Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, is created or organized under the laws of
the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, it shall satisfy the requirements of the preceding sentence by furnishing to the Calculation Agent an Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 and (ii) if Holdings or the Borrower is not
created or organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and if the payment of interest or other amounts by Holdings or the Borrower is treated for United States income tax purposes as derived in whole
or part from sources within the United States, Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, shall satisfy the requirements of the preceding sentence by furnishing to the Calculation Agent an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, Form W-8EXP, Form W-8IMY
(with appropriate attachments) or Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, or successor forms, as may be required from time to time, duly executed by Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, as evidence of such partys exemption from the withholding of United
States tax with respect thereto. The Calculation Agent shall not be obligated to make any payment hereunder to Holdings or the Borrower until Holdings or the Borrower shall have furnished to the Calculation Agent the requested forms, certificates,
statements or documents. 

-139- 

(c) In each and every case of a Holdings AML and International Trade Default or Borrower AML
and International Trade Default, the Calculation Agent may, by notice in writing to Borrower and the Lenders, in addition to whatever rights the Calculation Agent may have at law or in equity, including injunctive relief and specific performance,
immediately resign as Calculation Agent (notwithstanding any provision in Sections 8.09, 9.07 or otherwise in this Agreement, but subject to the provisions set forth in this Section 11.19(c)), without the Calculation Agent
incurring any penalty or fee of any kind whatsoever in connection therewith. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no remedy provided for by this Agreement shall be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every remedy shall
be cumulative and in addition to any other remedy, and no delay or omission to exercise any right or remedy shall impair any such right or remedy or shall be deemed to be a waiver of any Holdings AML and International Trade Default or Borrower AML
and International Trade Default. On or after the receipt by Holdings or the Borrower and any Lender of a written notice of resignation from the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Section 11.19(c), (i) all payments communications,
determinations and other obligations provided to be made by, to or through the Calculation Agent shall instead be made by, to or through each Lender until such time as a successor to the Calculation Agent has been appointed as provided by this
Agreement and (ii) the Calculation Agents obligations under this Agreement shall terminate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon any such termination, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to receive all accrued Fees, indemnities and
expenses through the date of termination. 

(d) AML and International Trade Covenants. The obligations of the Calculation Agent to
effect any transaction contemplated hereby shall be subject to (i) Holdings compliance with all Applicable Laws, including Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, and the continued truthfulness and completeness of Holdings
representations found in Section 4.06(l), (ii) the Borrowers compliance with all Applicable Laws, including Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws, and the continued truthfulness and completeness of the
Borrowers representations found in Section 4.01(bb) and (iii) each Lenders compliance with Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(e) AML and International Trade Defaults. Upon discovery by Holdings of any Holdings AML and International Trade Default or by the
Borrower of the Borrower AML and International Trade Default (but, in each case, regardless of whether any notice has been given as provided in this Agreement or any cure period provided herein has expired), Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable,
shall give prompt written notice thereof to the Calculation Agent. 

SECTION 11.20 Post-Closing Performance Conditions. The parties hereto agree to
cooperate with reasonable requests made by any other party hereto after signing this Agreement to the extent reasonably necessary for such party to comply with laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions in connection with this
transaction (e.g., the USA PATRIOT Act, OFAC and related regulations). 

SECTION 11.21 Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining
judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due to any Secured Party in any currency (the Original Currency) into another currency (the Other Currency), the parties agree, to the fullest extent that
they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, such Secured Party could purchase the Original Currency with the Other Currency on the Business Day preceding the day on
which final judgment is given or, if permitted by Applicable Law, at such Secured Partys election, on the day on which the judgment is paid or satisfied. The obligations of the obligated party in respect of any sum due in the Original Currency
from it to any 

-140- 

Secured Party under any of the Transaction Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in any Other Currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such
Secured Party of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Other Currency, such Secured Party may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase the Original Currency with such Other Currency. If the amount of the Original Currency so purchased
is less than the sum originally due to the applicable Secured Party in the Original Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding the judgment, to indemnify such Secured Party, against any loss, and, if the amount of
the Original Currency so purchased exceeds the sum originally due to the Lender in the Original Currency, such Lender shall remit such excess to the applicable obligated party. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

-141- 

Executed as of the date first above written. 

The Borrower:

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III SPV, L.L.C.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Holdings:

CARLYLE SECURED LENDINGIII,
INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

The Initial Lender:

MASSACHUSETTS MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: Barings LLC, its Investment Adviser

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

Lender:

MASSMUTUAL ASCEND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: Barings LLC, its Investment Adviser

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

Lender: 

C.M. LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 

By: Barings LLC, its Investment
Adviser 

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

The Administrative Agent:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

The Calculation Agent:

BARINGS FINANCE LLC, in its capacity as Calculation Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

The Portfolio Asset Servicer:

CARLYLE SECURED LENDING III, INC. in its capacity as Portfolio Asset
Servicer

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

The Collateral Custodian:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Collateral Custodian

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement] 

The Account Bank:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Account Bank

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Loan and Servicing Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d906363dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

EXHIBIT 99.1 

For Immediate Release 

March 26, 2025 

Carlyle Secured
Lending, Inc. Announces Shareholder Approval of Merger with Carlyle Secured Lending III 

New York Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc.
(CGBD) (NASDAQ: CGBD) announced today that CGBD shareholders voted overwhelmingly in favor of the previously announced merger with Carlyle Secured Lending III (CSL III) at the special meeting held on March 26, 2025. 

Shareholders voted in favor of the issuance of common stock in connection with the merger of CGBD and CSL III, with 96% of voting CGBD shareholders supporting
the proposal. The transaction is expected to close on or about March 27, 2025, subject to satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions. 

Justin Plouffe, Chief Executive Officer of CGBD and CSL III, said, We thank shareholders for their approval and strong support of the transaction. We
have conviction in the strategic benefits and value of the merger for both sets of shareholders, and we expect the combined company to create long-term value through increased portfolio scale and efficiency. 

About Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc.

Carlyle Secured
Lending, Inc. is a publicly traded (NASDAQ: CGBD) business development company (BDC) which began investing in 2013. The Company focuses on providing directly originated, financing solutions across the capital structure, with a focus on
senior secured lending to middle-market companies primarily located in the United States. Carlyle Secured Lending is externally managed by Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C., an SEC-registered
investment adviser and wholly owned subsidiary of Carlyle. Further information is available at carlylesecuredlending.com. 

About Carlyle Secured
Lending III 

CSL III is an externally-managed, non-diversifiedclosed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. CSL IIIs investment objective is to generate current
income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through assembling a portfolio of secured debt investments with favorable risk-adjusted returns. CSL IIIs investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, CSL III
Advisor, LLC, an affiliate of Carlyle. 

About Carlyle

Carlyle (NASDAQ: CG) is a global investment firm with deep industry expertise that deploys private capital across three business segments: Global Private
Equity, Global Credit and Global Investment Solutions. With $441 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2024, Carlyles purpose is to invest wisely and create value on behalf of its investors, portfolio companies and
the communities in which we live and invest. Carlyle employs more than 2,300 people in 29 offices across four continents. Further information is available at www.carlyle.com. Follow Carlyle on X @OneCarlyle and LinkedIn at The Carlyle Group. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release may contain forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Some of the statements in this press release
constitute forward-looking statements because they are not historical facts, but instead relate to future events, future performance or financial condition or the merger of CSL III with and into CGBD (collectively, the Mergers ). The
forward-looking statements may include statements as to: future operating results of CGBD and CSL III and distribution projections; business prospects of CGBD and CSL III and the prospects of their portfolio companies; and the impact of the
investments that CGBD and CSL III expect to make. You can identify these statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will,
should, may, plans, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, targets, projects, outlook,
potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in
this press release involve risks and uncertainties. Certain factors could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected, including the uncertainties associated with (i) the expected synergies and savings
associated with the Mergers; (ii) the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Mergers, including the expected elimination of certain expenses and costs due to the Mergers; (iii) the risk that stockholder litigation in connection
with the Mergers may result in significant costs of defense and liability; (iv) changes in the economy, financial markets and political environment, including the impacts of inflation and rising interest rates; (v) risks associated with
possible disruption in the operations of CGBD or the economy generally due to terrorism, war or other geopolitical conflict (including the uncertainty surrounding Russias military invasion of Ukraine and the impact of geopolitical tensions in
other regions such as the Middle East, and developing tensions between China and the United States); (vi) future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws and regulations by regulatory authorities); (vii) conditions
in CGBDs operating areas, particularly with respect to business development companies or regulated investment companies; and (viii) other considerations that may be disclosed from time to time in CGBDs publicly disseminated
documents and filings. CGBD and CSL III have based the forward-looking statements included in this press release on information available to them on the date hereof, and they assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. You
should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that it is
important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. There may be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially from our expectations, include, but are not limited to, the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in the
sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and it is not possible for us to predict or identify all of them.
Although CGBD and CSL III undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that they may make
directly to you or through reports that CGBD and CSL III have filed or in the future may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K.

Contacts:

Investors: Media:

Nishil Mehta Kristen Ashton

+1-212-813-4900 +1-212-813-4763

publicinvestor@carlylesecuredlending.com kristen.ashton@carlyle.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>csl-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>csl-20250326_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>csl-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

A 820 Notes Due 2028 [Member] 
A 820 Notes Due 2028 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>csl-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g928473g0327042207657.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 26, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001544206

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity File Number 814-00995

Entity Tax Identification Number 80-0789789

Entity Address, Address Line One One Vanderbilt Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 3400

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10017

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 813-4900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol CGBD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

A 820 Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 8.20% Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol CGBDL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: csl_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: csl_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=csl_A820NotesDue2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://carlylesecuredlending.com//20250326/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

csl-20250326.xsd 
csl-20250326_def.xml 
csl-20250326_lab.xml 
csl-20250326_pre.xml 
d906363d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-065938-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d906363d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001544206 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

0001544206 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

0001544206 

csl:A820NotesDue2028Member 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

false 
0001544206 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
Carlyle Secured Lending, Inc. 
MD 
814-00995 
80-0789789 
One Vanderbilt Avenue 
Suite 3400 
New York 
NY 
10017 
(212) 
813-4900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
CGBD 
NASDAQ 
8.20% Notes due 2028 
CGBDL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>