<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-007098.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-007098.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129113328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-007098
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411906
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				260179592
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35182
		FILM NUMBER:		25567617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9800 MOUNT PYRAMID COURT, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-437-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9800 MOUNT PYRAMID COURT, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chay Enterprises, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070910
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254694d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000141190600014119062025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant To Section 13 OR
15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest
event reported): January 21, 2025

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35182 26-0179592

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer Identification No.)

C/o Michael A. Martino,
PO Box 141

Brush Praire,WA98606-9597

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (720) 437-6500

Not Applicable

(Former name, or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under
the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events

On January 21, 2025, the District Court, City & County
of Denver, State of Colorado (the Court) issued an order (the Preliminary Approval Order) granting preliminary
approval to a proposed settlement of three stockholder derivative actions and two demands relating to the results of the Companys
AP-013 trial for Ampion, as previously disclosed by the Company.

The proposed settlement was entered into, subject to the Courts
approval, through a stipulation and agreement of settlement, dated January 8, 2025 (the Stipulation of Settlement),
by and among plaintiff Jordan LeaJames (McCann), plaintiff Robert Maresca, plaintiff Samantha Marquis, and stockholders Satheesh Thomas
and Dirk McKnight who made pre-suit litigation demands, the Company as a nominal defendant, and the individual named defendants therein.
The Court has scheduled a hearing on April 7, 2025, at 10:00 a.m. MDT, to determine whether it should issue an order for final
approval of the proposed settlement. The settlement, if approved by the Court, would fully, finally and forever resolve the derivative
actions and stockholder demands on the terms set forth in the Stipulation of Settlement.

As required by the Preliminary Approval Order, the Company is filing
the Stipulation of Settlement, with exhibits thereto, and the Notice of Proposed Derivative Settlement with this Current Report on Form 8-K,
copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively.

The filing of this Current Report on Form 8-K is being made solely
to comply with the Preliminary Approval Order. The Company is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and does not undertake any such filing obligation either by virtue of this Current Report
on Form 8-K or otherwise. On August 16, 2024, the Company was dissolved. In accordance with Section 278 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, the Company does not exist for the purpose of continuing the business for which it was organized, but exists
solely for, among other purposes, defending suits and discharging its liabilities.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

99.1 Stipulation
and Agreement of Settlement, dated January 8, 2025.

99.2 Notice
of Proposed Derivative Settlement dated January 21, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: January 29, 2025 By: /s/ Michael A. Martino

Name: Michael A. Martino

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254694d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

DISTRICT COURT, CITY & COUNTY OF
DENVER, STATE OF COLORADO 

1437
Bannock Street 

Denver,
Colorado 80202 

COURT
USE ONLY

Plaintiff: JORDAN
LEAJAMES (MCCANN), Derivatively on Behalf of AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., Case
Number: 2023CV30287

Division:
280

v. 

Defendants:
MICHAEL A. MARTINO, J. KEVIN BUCHI, DAVID STEVENS, ELIZABETH JOBES, HOLLI CHEREVKA, DAVID BAR-OR, PHILIP H.COELHO, and RICHARD
B. GILES, 

and 

Nominal
Defendant: AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., a Delaware 

Corporation 

STIPULATION
AND AGREEMENT OF SETTLEMENT

1

This
Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated January 8, 2025 (Stipulation) is made and entered into by the following parties,
each by and through their respective counsel: (1) plaintiff Jordan LeaJames (McCann) (LeaJames) (the Colorado State
Court Plaintiff) in the above-captioned shareholder derivative action pending in the District Court, City & County of Denver,
State of Colorado (the Colorado State Court) (the State Derivative Action); plaintiffs Robert Maresca (Maresca)
and Samantha Marquis (Marquis) (the Federal Plaintiffs and together with the Colorado State Court Plaintiff,
the Derivative Plaintiffs) in the consolidated stockholder derivative action pending in the United States District Court
for the District of Colorado (the Federal Court) captioned Maresca v. Martino et al, Civil Action No. 1:22-cv-02646-PAB-KAS
(Consolidated with Civil Action No. 22-cv-02803-PAB-SP) (the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action and together with the
Colorado State Court Action, the Actions); shareholders Satheesh Thomas (Thomas) and Dirk McKnight (McKnight)
(the Shareholders, and collectively with Derivative Plaintiffs, the Plaintiffs), who made separate pre-suit
litigation demands (the Demands, and together with the Actions, the Derivative Matters) on the Board of Directors
of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Ampio or the Company); (2) individual defendants Michael A. Martino, Holli
Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, Elizabeth Jobes, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho, and Richard B. Giles (collectively, the Individual
Defendants)1; and (3) nominal defendant Ampio (together with the Individual Defendants, Defendants) (the
Parties refers collectively to Plaintiffs and Defendants).

This
Stipulation, subject to the approval of the Colorado State Court, is intended to fully, finally, and forever resolve, discharge, and
settle any and all Released Claims (as defined herein) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

I.FACTUAL
AND PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND

Plaintiffs
allege that, inter alia, between December 29, 2020 and August 3, 2022, at least, the Individual Defendants breached their fiduciary
duties by: (1) issuing and/or causing the Company to issue false and misleading statements and omissions to the public regarding Ampios
clinical trials for its lead pharmaceutical candidate, Ampion, as well as the Companys ability to successfully bring Ampion to
market; (2) failing to maintain adequate internal controls; (3) causing the Company to repurchase its own stock at prices that were artificially
inflated due to Defendants misrepresentations; and (4) engaging in improper insider selling of Company stock. The Individual Defendants
dispute Plaintiffs allegations.

1 Defendant
Michael Macaluso passed away on November 9, 2022, as stated in the Suggestion of Death of Defendant Michael Macaluso filed with the Federal
Court on September 20, 2023. (Consolidated Federal Derivative Action, ECF No. 43).

2

A.The
Securities Class Action

On
August 17, 2022, plaintiff Christopher Kain filed a securities class action in the Federal Court against the Company and defendants Michael
A. Martino, Michael Macaluso, and Holli Cherevka for violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act)
alleging substantially the same false and misleading statements that are alleged in the Actions and Demands, captioned Wang et al
v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. et al, Case No. 1:22-cv-02105

(the Securities Class Action).
(Securities Class Action, ECF No. 1).

On
January 9, 2024, the parties in the Securities Class Action filed a joint status report, inter alia, informing the Court that
the parties: (1) had reached a settlement-in-principle to resolve all claims; and (2) were negotiating the remaining terms of the settlement
agreement, which they would endeavor to submit to the Court within 120 days, including a stipulation and agreement of settlement and
a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. (Securities Class Action, ECF No. 86).

On
January 12, 2024, the Court ordered the parties in the Securities Class Action to submit a stipulation and agreement of settlement and
a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement, including a plan of allocation and procedures for class notice, on or before May
13, 2024. (Securities Class Action, ECF No. 88).

On
May 13, 2024, plaintiffs in the Securities Class Action filed an Unopposed Motion for Preliminary Approval of the Class Action Settlement,
along with supporting documents (Securities Class Action, ECF No. 93-95). No opposition or objections were filed in response to the motion,
and on June 17, 2024, plaintiffs in the Securities Class Action filed a reply in further support of the unopposed motion (Securities
Class Action, ECF No. 96). The Federal Court granted the motion on September 24, 2024, preliminarily approving the settlement of the
Securities Class Action (Securities Class Action, ECF No. 97). The final settlement hearing is scheduled for February 19, 2025.

3

B.The
State Derivative Action

On
January 27, 2023, the Colorado State Court Plaintiff2 filed a Verified Shareholder Derivative Complaint in the Colorado State
Court on behalf of Ampio against defendants Michael A. Martino, J. Kevin Buchi, David Stevens, Elizabeth Jobes, Holli Cherevka, David
Bar-Or, Philip H. Coelho, and Richard B. Giles alleging, inter alia, breaches of fiduciary duty, gross mismanagement, waste of
corporate assets, and unjust enrichment. (State Derivative Action, Filing ID 88969D76262CB).

On
March 2, 2023, the parties in the State Derivative Action filed a joint stipulated and unopposed motion with the Colorado State Court
requesting the court to stay the State Derivative Action under substantially the same terms as the Stay Order in the Consolidated Federal
Derivative Action, which stay the Colorado State Court so ordered on March 3, 2023.

C.The
Consolidated Federal Derivative Action

On
October 7, 2022, plaintiff Maresca filed a Verified Shareholder Derivative Complaint on behalf of Ampio in the Federal Court against
defendants Michael A. Martino, Michael Macaluso, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho, and Richard
B. Giles, formerly captioned Maresca v. Martino et al, Civil Action No. 1:22-cv-02646-KLM, alleging breaches of fiduciary duties,
unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act (the Maresca
Action). (Consolidated Federal Derivative Action, ECF No. 1).

2 On
December 13, 2024, the Court granted plaintiff John McCanns motion to substitute himself for his son, Jordan LeaJames (McCann),
as the Colorado State Court Plaintiff.

4

On
October 25, 2022, plaintiff Marquis filed a Verified Shareholder Derivative Complaint on behalf of Ampio in the Federal Court against
defendants Michael A. Martino, Michael Macaluso, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho, and Richard
B. Giles alleging breaches of fiduciary duties and violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, in an action captioned Marquis
v. Martino, et al, Civil Action No. 1:22-cv-02803-PAB-KLM (the Marquis Action). (Marquis Action, ECF
No. 1).

On January 10, 2023, the Federal
Court consolidated the Marquis Action with the Maresca Action under the lead case, captioned Maresca v. Martino
et al, Case No. 1:22-cv-02646-PAB-KAS (D. Colo.) (Consolidated with Civil Action No. 22-cv-02803-PAB-KLM) (the Consolidated
Federal Derivative Action). (Consolidated Federal Derivative Action, ECF No. 19).

On January 12, 2023, the Federal
Court appointed Timothy Brown of The Brown Law Firm, P.C. and Phillip C. Kim of The Rosen Law Firm, P.A. as plaintiffs
co-lead counsel in the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action. (Consolidated Federal Derivative Action, ECF No. 23).

On
January 17, 2023, the parties filed a joint motion to stay the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action. (Consolidated Federal Derivative
Action, ECF No. 24).

On
January 25, 2023, the Federal Court ordered the case stayed until the first of the following events occurred: (i) the Securities Class
Action was dismissed with prejudice; (ii) any defendant in the Securities Class Action filed an answer in that case; or (iii) Federal
Plaintiffs provided notice via email to defendants that the temporary stay was terminated, which Federal Plaintiffs were also entitled
to do in the event that any other related derivative action was not stayed for at least the same duration as the Consolidated Federal
Derivative Action (the Stay Order). (ECF Nos. 24, 31). The Stay Order also required the parties to file a status report
with the Federal Court every sixty days from the date of the Stay Order until the stay was lifted. (Consolidated Federal Derivative Action,
ECF No. 31). Thereafter, the parties filed numerous status reports with the Federal Court. (Consolidated Federal Derivative Action, ECF
Nos. 33, 37, 39, 44, 47).

5

On
January 9, 2024, the parties filed a joint status report informing the Federal Court, inter alia, that: (1) on January 4, 2024,
the parties participated in a private virtual mediation where they reached an agreement in principle on the terms of a settlement, subject
to documentation and approval, that was supported by plaintiff LeaJames and the Shareholders; and (2) the parties intended to work diligently
toward finalizing the settlement documentation and submitting a motion for preliminary approval. (Consolidated Federal Derivative Action,
ECF No. 48).

On
January 10, 2024, the Federal Court ordered the parties to file dismissal papers or a status report on or before February 9, 2024. (Consolidated
Federal Derivative Action, ECF No. 49). Thereafter, the parties filed numerous status reports with the Federal Court. (Consolidated Federal
Derivative Action, ECF Nos. 50, 52, 54, 56, 58, 60, 62).

D.The
Demands

Also
on March 3, 2023, shareholder McKnight served a litigation demand on Ampios Board of Directors (the Board) to investigate
and bring action against Michael A. Martino, Michael Macaluso, Holli Cherevka, David Stevens, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho, and Richard
B. Giles for, inter alia, breaches of their fiduciary duties.

On
March 7, 2023, shareholder Thomas separately served a litigation demand on the Board to investigate and bring action against various
of the Companys current and former officers and/or directors for, inter alia, violations of the Exchange Act and breaches
of fiduciary duty.

6

E.Settlement
Negotiations

In
November 2023, Plaintiffs and Defendants agreed to mediate the Actions and Demands to attempt to resolve the claims and potential claims
asserted therein. The mediation was set for January 4, 2024 with Robert Meyer, Esq. (the Mediator), an experienced
mediator with JAMS ADR.

On
December 1, 2023, the Federal Plaintiffs sent a settlement demand letter to Defendants that, inter alia, proposed a settlement
framework that included a comprehensive set of corporate governance reforms designed to address what Federal Plaintiffs allege were the
governance deficiencies that resulted in the wrongdoing alleged in the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action.

On
December 20, 2023, the Colorado State Court Plaintiff sent a settlement demand letter to Defendants that, inter alia, proposed
a settlement framework that included a comprehensive set of corporate governance reforms designed to address what the Colorado State
Court Plaintiff alleged were the governance deficiencies that resulted in the wrongdoing alleged in the State Derivative Action.

In
advance of the January 4, 2024 mediation, the Parties agreed to various corporate governance reforms that Ampio would adopt, implement,
and maintain as consideration for the Settlement.

On
January 4, 2024, the Parties attended the mediation via Zoom. At the mediation, the Parties completed their negotiations on the reforms
Ampio would adopt. Only after the Parties reached an agreement in principle on the substantive terms of the settlement did they negotiate,
with the Mediators assistance, attorneys fees and expenses that would be payable to Plaintiffs Counsel by
Ampios D&O insurers in recognition of the substantial benefits achieved through the Settlement. At the end of the day, the
Parties accepted the Mediators proposal for Ampios D&O insurers to pay $500,000.00 in
attorneys fees and expenses to Plaintiffs Counsel, subject to Court approval.

7

Thereafter,
before the Parties could complete the documentation of the settlement, Ampio determined that the continued viability of the Company was
questionable. The Board further realized that it could be in the best interests of the Company to dissolve or otherwise end its operations
and it could therefore be incapable of effectuating the reforms that were previously negotiated with Plaintiffs. The Parties therefore
negotiated to augment the prior reforms previously agreed to such that the Company would implement the reforms if it remained viable
but would take various actions to reduce costs and otherwise conserve resources to preserve funds for shareholders if the Board determined
that dissolution or otherwise ending operations was in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Parties agreed to
retain the same attorneys fees and expenses amount previously proposed by the Mediator in exchange for the augmented reforms.
The Reforms ultimately agreed to by the Parties are set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

On
January 8, 2025, the Parties executed this Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (the Stipulation), memorializing
the terms of the settlement of the Actions and the Demands (the Settlement), including the Reforms.

II. PLAINTIFFS
CLAIMS AND THE BENEFITS OF SETTLEMENT 

Plaintiffs
believe that the derivative claims in the Actions and the potential claims in the Demands have substantial merit, and Plaintiffs
entry into this Stipulation is not intended to be and shall not be construed as an admission or concession concerning the relative strength
or merit of the claims alleged in the Actions or Demands. However, Plaintiffs and Plaintiffs Counsel recognize and acknowledge
the significant risk, expense, and length of continued proceedings necessary to prosecute the derivative claims against the Individual
Defendants through trial and possible appeals. Plaintiffs Counsel also have taken into account the uncertain outcome and the risk
of any litigation, especially in complex cases such as the Actions, as well as the difficulties and delays inherent in such litigation.
Plaintiffs Counsel are also mindful of the inherent problems of pleading the futility of a pre-suit litigation demand in derivative
litigation, and the possible defenses to the claims alleged in the Actions and the Demands.

8

Plaintiffs
Counsel have conducted extensive investigation and analysis, including, inter alia: (i) reviewing and analyzing Ampio press releases,
public statements, and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC); (ii) reviewing and analyzing securities
analysts reports and advisories and media reports about the Company; (iii) reviewing and analyzing the pleadings and orders in
the Securities Class Action; (iv) researching the applicable law with respect to the claims alleged and the potential defenses thereto;
(v) preparing and filing the complaints in the Actions; (vi) researching, preparing, and sending the Demands and related correspondence;
(vii) researching and evaluating factual and legal issues relevant to the claims; (viii) engaging in settlement negotiations with Defendants
counsel regarding the specific facts, and perceived strengths and weaknesses of the Actions and the Demands, and other issues in an effort
to facilitate negotiations; (ix) researching the Companys corporate governance structure in connection with settlement efforts;
(x) preparing a comprehensive written settlement demand and modified demands over the course of the Parties settlement negotiations;
(xi) participating in the full-day mediation; and (xii) negotiating and drafting this comprehensive Stipulation.

Based
on Plaintiffs Counsels thorough review and analysis of the relevant facts, allegations, defenses, and controlling legal
principles, Plaintiffs Counsel believe that the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation is fair, reasonable, and adequate, and
confers substantial benefits upon Ampio. Based upon Plaintiffs Counsels evaluation, Plaintiffs have determined that
the Settlement is in the best interests of Ampio and its shareholders and have agreed to settle the Actions and the Demands upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

9

III.DEFENDANTS
DENIALS OF WRONGDOING AND LIABILITY

Defendants
have vigorously denied, and continue to deny vigorously, any and all allegations of wrongdoing or liability with respect to the claims
asserted in the Actions and the Demands, including, without limitation, that they breached their fiduciary duties or any other duty owed
to the Company or its stockholders. Defendants have further asserted, and continue to assert, that at all relevant times, they acted
in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and diligently
and scrupulously complied with any applicable fiduciary duties.

Nonetheless,
Defendants are entering into this Settlement solely to avoid the burden, inconvenience, expense, risk, and distraction of continued litigation,
and to finally put to rest and terminate all the claims that were or could have been asserted against Defendants in the Actions and the
Demands. Defendants have, therefore, determined that it is in the best interests of Ampio for the Actions and the Demands to be settled
in the manner and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Stipulation.

IV.INDEPENDENT
DIRECTOR APPROVAL

The
independent members of Ampios Board unanimously determined, in a good faith exercise of their business judgment, that the Settlement
and each of its terms are fair, reasonable, and in the best interests of Ampio and its stockholders, and that the Settlement, including
the Reforms, confers substantial benefits upon Ampio and its stockholders. The Companys Board acknowledges and agrees that the
filing, issuance, pendency, and settlement of the Actions and Demands caused the Board to adopt, implement, and maintain the Reforms.
The Company further acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the Reforms confer substantial benefits upon the Company and its stockholders;
and (ii) the Boards commitment to adopt, implement, and maintain the Reforms for the Effective Term (defined below) will serve
the Company and its stockholders best interests, and constitutes fair, reasonable, and adequate consideration for Plaintiffs
release of the claims made in the Actions and Demands.

10

V.TERMS
OF STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF SETTLEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED by and among the undersigned counsel for the Parties herein, in consideration of the benefits
flowing to the Parties from the Settlement, and subject to the approval of the Colorado State Court, that the Released Claims shall be
finally and fully compromised, settled, and released, and the Actions shall be dismissed with prejudice and with full preclusive effect
as to all Parties, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of this Stipulation, as set forth below.

1.DEFINITIONS

As used in this Stipulation,
the following terms have the meanings specified below:

1.1 Actions
means the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action.

1.2 Ampio
or the Company means nominal defendant Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, and assigns.

1.3 Board
means the Board of Directors of Ampio.

1.4 Colorado
State Court means the District Court, City & County of Denver, State of Colorado.

11

1.5 Current
Ampio Stockholders means any Person or Persons who are record or beneficial owners of Ampio stock as of the date of this Stipulation
and who continue to own Ampio stock through the date of the Settlement Hearing (defined herein), excluding the Individual Defendants,
the officers and directors of Ampio, members of their immediate families, and their legal representatives, heirs, successors, or assigns,
and any entity in which any of the Individual Defendants has or has had a controlling interest.

1.6
Defendants means the Individual Defendants and nominal
defendant, Ampio.

1.7 Defendants
Counsel means Ballard Spahr LLP, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP, Holland & Hart, LLP, and any other law firm or lawyer
that appeared or will appear for Defendants in the Actions or the Demands.

1.8 Defendants
Released Claims means all manner of claims, demands, rights, liabilities, losses, obligations, duties, damages, costs, debts,
expenses, interest, penalties, sanctions, fees, attorneys fees, actions, potential actions, causes of action, suits, agreements,
judgments, decrees, matters, issues and controversies of any kind, nature, or description whatsoever, whether known or unknown, disclosed
or undisclosed, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or not apparent, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or not matured, suspected or unsuspected,
liquidated or not liquidated, fixed or contingent, including unknown claims, whether based on state, local, foreign, federal, statutory,
regulatory, common, or other law or rule, that are, have been, could have been, could now be, or in the future could, can, or might be
asserted, in the Actions or in any other court, tribunal, or proceeding by Defendant Releasees against any of the Plaintiff Releasees
which have in the past been, or now or hereafter, are based upon, arise out of, relate in a material way to, or materially involve, directly
or indirectly, the actions, transactions, occurrences, statements, representations, misrepresentations, omissions, allegations, disclosures,
facts, practices, events, claims, or any other matters, things, or causes whatsoever, or any series thereof, that were alleged,
asserted, set forth, claimed, embraced, involved, or referred to in, or related to, in each case, (a) the Derivative Matters, or (b)
which could have been asserted against any of the Plaintiff Releasees in the Derivative Matters.

12

1.9 Defendants
Released Persons means Plaintiffs, Plaintiffs Counsel, and each and all of their past, present, or future family members,
spouses, domestic partners, parents, associates, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, owners, members, representatives,
employees, attorneys, financial or investment advisors, consultants, underwriters, investment banks or bankers, commercial bankers, insurers,
reinsurers, excess insurers, co-insurers, advisors, principals, agents, heirs, executors, trustees, estates, beneficiaries, distributees,
foundations, general or limited partners or partnerships, joint ventures, personal or legal representatives, administrators, or any other
Person or entity acting or purporting to act for or on behalf of any Plaintiff or any counsel for any Plaintiff, and each of their respective
predecessors, successors, and assigns, Ampio, and all Ampio stockholders (solely in their capacity as Ampio stockholders).

1.10 Defendant
Releasees means the Company, each Defendant in each Action, the Individual Defendants, each individual past, present or future
Ampio officer, director, employee, contractor, representatives, or agent, and for each of the foregoing, as applicable, their respective
past, present or future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, controlling persons, officers, directors, employees, agents, principals, family
members, spouses, domestic partners, parents, associates, heirs, trusts, trustees, executors, estates, administrators, representatives,
beneficiaries, distributees, foundations, agents, fiduciaries, general or limited partners or partnerships, joint ventures, members,
limited liability companies, controlled corporations, divisions, associates, associated entities, stockholders, principals, managing
directors, managing members, managing agents, predecessors, predecessors-in-interest, successors, successors-in-interest, assigns, financial
or investment advisors, advisors, consultants, investment banks or bankers, underwriters, brokers, dealers, lenders, commercial banks
or bankers, attorneys (including all Defendants Counsel), counsel, personal or legal representatives, accountants, insurers, co-insurers,
reinsurers, excess insurers, associates, or any other Person or entity acting or purporting to act for or on behalf of any Defendant
or any counsel for any Defendant, and each of their respective predecessors, successors, and assigns.

13

1.11 Demands
means the pre-suit litigation demands made by stockholders Satheesh Thomas and Dirk McKnight on the Board.

1.12 Derivative
Plaintiffs means Robert Maresca, Samantha Marquis, and Jordan LeaJames (McCann).

1.13 Effective
Date means the date by which all of the conditions specified in paragraph V (6.1) have been met.

1.14
Federal Court means the United States District Court for the District
of Colorado.

1.15 
Federal Plaintiffs means Robert Maresca and Samantha Marquis.

1.16
Federal Plaintiffs Counsel means The Brown Law Firm, P.C.
and The Rosen Law Firm, P.A., as co-lead counsel for the Federal Plaintiffs.

1.17 Fee
and Expense Amount means the sum to be paid to Plaintiffs Counsel for their attorneys fees and expenses, as detailed
in Section V (4.1, 4.2) of this Stipulation, subject to approval by the Colorado State Court.

14

1.18 Final
with respect to the Judgment (defined herein) means after the expiration of all time to seek appeal or other review of the Judgment,
or if any appeal or other review of such Judgment is filed and not dismissed, after such Judgment is upheld on appeal in all material
respects and is no longer subject to appeal, reargument, or review by writ of certiorari or otherwise. However, any appeal or proceeding
seeking subsequent review pertaining solely to an order issued with respect to attorneys fees, costs, or expenses shall not in
any way delay or preclude the

Judgment from becoming Final.

1.19 Individual
Defendants means Michael A. Martino, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, Elizabeth Jobes, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho,
and Richard B. Giles.

1.20 Judgment
means the Order and Final Judgment entered by the Colorado State Court that dismisses the State Derivative Action pursuant to the Settlement,
substantially in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

1.21 Notice
means the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Stockholder Derivative Actions, substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached
hereto.

1.22
Parties means Plaintiffs, Individual Defendants, and Ampio.

1.23 Person
means any natural person, individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint venture, joint stock company, estate, legal representative, trust, unincorporated association, government,
or any political subdivision or agency thereof, any business or legal entity, and any spouse, heir, legatee, executor, administrator,
predecessor, successor, representative, or assign of any of the foregoing.

1.24 Plaintiffs
means Derivative Plaintiffs Robert Maresca, Samantha Marquis, and Jordan LeaJames (McCann), and Shareholders Satheesh Thomas and Dirk
McKnight.

1.25 Plaintiffs
Counsel means The Brown Law Firm, P.C. and The Rosen Law Firm, P.A., as co-lead counsel for the Federal Plaintiffs; Gainey McKenna
& Egleston, as counsel for Plaintiff Jodran LeaJames (McCann); Rigrodsky Law, P.A., as counsel for shareholder Satheesh Thomas;
and Kuehn Law, as counsel for shareholder Dirk McKnight.

15

1.26
Plaintiffs Released Claims means all manner of claims, demands,
rights, liabilities, losses, obligations, duties, damages, costs, debts, expenses, interest, penalties, sanctions, fees, attorneys
fees, actions, potential actions, causes of action, suits, agreements, judgments, decrees, matters, issues and controversies of any kind,
nature, or description whatsoever, whether known or unknown, disclosed or undisclosed, accrued or unaccrued, apparent or not apparent,
foreseen or unforeseen, matured or not matured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or not liquidated, fixed or contingent, including
Unknown Claims (defined below), whether in law or in equity, whether based on state, local, foreign, federal, statutory, regulatory,
common, or other law or rule, that are, have been, could have been, could now be, or in the future could, can, or might be asserted,
in the Derivative Matters or in any other court, tribunal, or proceeding by Plaintiffs, any other Company stockholder derivatively on
behalf of the Company, or by the Company directly against any of the Defendant Releasees which have in the past been, or now or hereafter,
are based upon, arise out of, relate in any way to, or involve, directly or indirectly, the actions, transactions, occurrences, statements,
representations, misrepresentations, omissions, allegations, disclosures, facts, practices, events, claims, or any other matters, things,
or causes whatsoever, or any series thereof, that were alleged, asserted, set forth, claimed, embraced, involved, or referred to in,
or related to, in each case, (a) the Derivative Matters, or (b) which could have been asserted against any of the Defendant Releasees
in the Derivative Matters. If the Settlement is approved by the Colorado State Court, Defendants and/or Defendant Releasees may file
the Settlement and/or Judgment in any action that has been or may be brought against them in order to cause the dismissal and to support
as may be necessary a claim or defense based on principles of res judicata, collateral estoppel, release, good faith settlement,
judgment bar or reduction, or any other theory of claim preclusion or issue preclusion or similar defense or counterclaim, and to the
extent any action remains pending that was brought by Plaintiffs, including the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action, Plaintiffs
Counsel shall promptly dismiss the Actions with prejudice.

16

1.27 Plaintiff
Releasees means each Plaintiff, and each and every other Company stockholder (directly or indirectly), and each of their respective
parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and controlling persons, and any current or former officer or director of any of the foregoing, and
each of their respective past, present, or future family members, spouses, heirs, trusts, trustees, executors, estates, administrators,
beneficiaries, distributees, foundations, agents, employees, fiduciaries, partners, partnerships, general or limited partners or partnerships,
joint ventures, member firms, limited liability companies, controlled corporations, divisions, affiliates, associated entities, stockholders,
principals, officers, directors, managing directors, members, managing members, managing agents, predecessors, predecessors-in-interest,
successors, successors-in-interest, assigns, financial or investment advisors, advisors, consultants, investment banks or bankers, underwriters,
brokers, dealers, lenders, commercial bankers, attorneys (including all counsel for Plaintiffs in the Actions and the Demands), counsel,
personal or legal representatives, accountants, insurers, co-insurers, reinsurers, excess insurers, and associates.

1.28 Preliminary
Approval Order means the [Proposed] Preliminary Approval Order entered by the Colorado State Court that preliminarily approves
the Settlement, authorizes the form and manner of providing notice of the Settlement to Current Ampio Stockholders, and sets a date for
the Settlement Hearing, substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

17

1.29 Reforms
means the corporate governance reforms set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto, which the Company shall adopt, implement, and maintain,
pursuant to and in accordance with this Stipulation.

1.30
Released Claims means all Plaintiffs Released Claims and
all Defendants Released Claims. Released Claims shall not include: (i) claims to enforce the terms of the
Stipulation and/or the Judgment; (ii) the claims asserted in the Securities Class Action; (iii) any claim for indemnification or advancement
of fees or expenses by the Individual Defendants against Ampio; or (iv) claims or causes of action of the Company directly against any
of its current or former employees (other than current or former officers and directors), agents, or consultants arising out of any breach
of an obligation, contractual or otherwise, owed to the Company or any of its affiliates.

1.31
Released Persons means Defendant Releasees and Plaintiff Releasees.

1.32 Settlement
means the settlement and compromise of the Actions and Demands as provided for in this Stipulation.

1.33 Settlement
Hearing means the hearing set by the Colorado State Court to consider final approval of the Settlement.

1.34
Shareholders means Ampio shareholders Satheesh Thomas and Dirk
McKnight.

18

1.35 Unknown
Claims means any Plaintiffs Released Claims that any of the Plaintiff Releasees does not know of or suspect to exist in
his, her, or its favor at the time of the release of the Released Persons, including claims that, if known by him, her, or it, might
have affected his, her, or its settlement with and release of the Released Persons or might have affected his, her, or its decision whether
to object to this Settlement. With respect to any and all Plaintiffs Released Claims, the Parties stipulate and agree that, upon
the Effective Date, the Plaintiff Releasees shall expressly waive and relinquish, and each Current Ampio Stockholder shall be
deemed to have and by operation of the Judgment shall have expressly waived and relinquished to the fullest extent permitted by law,
the provisions, rights and benefits conferred by and under California Civil Code 1542, and any other law of the United States
or any state or territory of the United States, or principle of common law, which is similar, comparable or equivalent to California
Civil Code 1542, which provides:

A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR
AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE
DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

The Plaintiff Releasees
acknowledge that they and Current Ampio Stockholders may hereafter discover facts in addition to or different from those now known
or believed to be true by them, with respect to the subject matter of the Plaintiffs Released Claims,
but it is the intention of the Parties that the Plaintiff Releasees and all Current Ampio Stockholders shall be deemed to and
by operation of the Judgment shall completely, fully, finally, and forever compromise, settle, release, discharge, and extinguish any
and all Plaintiffs Released Claims, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or absolute, accrued or unaccrued,
apparent or unapparent, which do now exist, or heretofore existed, or may hereafter exist, upon any theory of law or equity now existing
or coming into existence in the future, and without regard to the subsequent discovery of additional or different facts. The Parties
acknowledge that the foregoing waiver was separately bargained for and is a key element of the Stipulation of which this release is a
part.

2.TERMS
OF THE SETTLEMENT

2.1 Ampio
acknowledges and agrees that the filing, pendency, and settlement of the Actions and Demands was the cause of the Companys decision
to adopt and implement the Reforms and/or maintain the Reforms for a specified period, as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.3
Ampio also acknowledges and agrees that the Reforms confer substantial benefits to Ampio and Ampios shareholders.

3 If
the Board determines that another strategic alternative resulting in the Companys long-term survival is in the Companys
best interests then, within six (6) months of issuance of a final order approving the settlement of the State Derivative Action by the
Colorado State Court, the Board shall adopt, implement, and/or maintain, as applicable, the Reforms, which are set forth in Exhibit A,
III, which shall remain in effect for no less than three (3) years.

19

3.APPROVAL
AND NOTICE

3.1 As
soon as practicable, Plaintiffs shall submit this Stipulation together with its exhibits to the Colorado State Court and shall jointly
apply for entry of the Preliminary Approval Order, substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, requesting: (i) preliminary
approval of the Settlement set forth in this Stipulation; (ii) approval of the form and manner of providing notice of the Settlement
to Current Ampio Stockholders; and (iii) a date for the Settlement Hearing.

3.2 Within
ten (10) days after the entry of the Preliminary Approval Order, Ampio shall: (1) post a copy of the Notice and the Stipulation (and
exhibits thereto) on the Companys website; (2) issue a press release with the Notice on GlobeNewswire; and (3) file with
the SEC the Notice and Stipulation (and exhibits thereto) as exhibits to an SEC Form 8-K if possible. If filing the Notice and Stipulation
as exhibits to an SEC Form 8-K is not possible and the Colorado State Court so requires, within thirty (30) days of entry of the Preliminary
Approval Order, Ampio will provide notice to Current Ampio Stockholders in the same manner it provides notice of stockholder meetings.
The Notice shall provide a link to the location on the Companys website where the Notice and Stipulation (and exhibits
thereto) may be viewed, which page will be maintained through the date of the Settlement Hearing. Ampio shall be solely responsible for
paying the costs and expenses related to providing notice of the Settlement set forth in this paragraph or as otherwise required by the
Colorado State Court. The Parties believe the manner of the notice procedures set forth in this paragraph constitute adequate and reasonable
notice to Ampio stockholders pursuant to applicable law and due process. Ampios counsel shall timely file a declaration or affidavit
confirming compliance with the Notice as required by the Colorado State Court.

20

3.3 Pending
the Colorado State Courts determination as to final approval of the Settlement, Plaintiffs and Current Ampio Stockholders are
barred and enjoined from commencing, prosecuting, instigating, or in any way participating in the commencement or prosecution of any
action asserting any Released Claims against any of the Released Persons.

4.ATTORNEYS
FEES AND REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES

4.1 After
negotiating the material substantive terms of the Settlement, Plaintiffs Counsel and Defendants Counsel, with the assistance
of the Mediator, separately negotiated a reasonable amount in attorneys fees and expenses to be paid to Plaintiffs Counsel
commensurate with the value of the substantial benefits conferred upon Ampio and Current Ampio Stockholders through the Reforms and the
risks assumed by Plaintiffs Counsel in pursuing the Actions and the Demands on a wholly contingent basis. Defendants, including
the Board, have agreed to cause their D&O insurers to pay Plaintiffs Counsel attorneys fees and expenses in the amount
of $500,000.00 (the Fee and Expense Amount), subject to approval by the Colorado State Court.

4.2
The Fee and Expense Amount shall be paid to an escrow account selected
by Plaintiffs Counsel (the Escrow Account) within thirty (30) days after: (i) the date of entry of the Preliminary
Approval Order, or (ii) the date on which Plaintiffs Counsel provides written payment instructions and a W-9 form to Defendants
Counsel (whichever is later), and which amount, to the extent approved by the Colorado State Court, shall be released from the Escrow
Account once the Colorado State Court enters the Judgment and an order approving the Fee and Expense Amount, notwithstanding the existence
of any collateral attacks on the Settlement including, without limitation, any objections or appeals, to Plaintiffs Counsel, pursuant
to an allocation agreed to by Plaintiffs Counsel. Plaintiffs Counsel shall make no request to the Court for (and hereby
release any right they may otherwise have to seek) attorneys fees and/or costs beyond the Fee and Expense Amount. Plaintiffs
Counsel shall allocate the Fee and Expense Amount among themselves. Defendants are not responsible for the allocation of the Fee
and Expense Amount amongst Plaintiffs Counsel.

21

4.3 
In the event that the Judgment fails to become Final as defined in paragraph V (1.18), if a collateral attack is successful or
the Settlement is otherwise terminated, or any court with appropriate jurisdiction reduces the Fee and Expense Amount, or the Consolidated
Federal Derivative Action is not dismissed with prejudice, Plaintiffs Counsel must refund the Fee and Expense Amount to
Ampios funding insurance carrier(s) within thirty (30) days from receiving notice from Defendants Counsel or from a court
of appropriate jurisdiction.

4.4 Plaintiffs
Counsel may apply to the Colorado State Court for service awards of up to two thousand dollars ($2,000.00) for each of the Plaintiffs
to be paid from the Fee and Expense Amount in recognition of Plaintiffs participation and effort in the prosecution of
the Actions and the Demands (the Service Awards). Defendants shall not object to the application for the Service

Awards.

4.5 The
procedure for and the allowance or disallowance by the Colorado State Court of any application by Plaintiffs Counsel for fees
and costs are not part of this Settlement and are to be considered by the Colorado State Court separately from the Colorado State Courts
consideration of the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the Settlement. The Colorado State Courts awarding of any fees
and costs is not a necessary term of this Settlement, and it is not a condition of this Settlement that Plaintiffs Counsels
application(s) for such fees and costs be approved by the Colorado State Court in the amount of the Fee and Expense Amount or in any
other amount whatsoever.

22

5.RELEASES

5.1 Within
five (5) days after the Effective Date, the Federal Plaintiffs will move to dismiss the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action with prejudice
in the Federal Court and will take any actions reasonably necessary to obtain dismissal, without any additional notice to the

Companys
stockholders and without any additional actions or payments by Defendants.

5.2 Upon
the Effective Date, the Plaintiff Releasees shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and
forever released, relinquished, and discharged each and all of the Defendant Releasees from the Released Claims. Plaintiff Releasees
shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, covenanted not to sue any Defendant Releasee or Released Persons
with respect to any Released Claims, and shall be permanently barred and enjoined from instituting, commencing, or prosecuting the Released
Claims against any Defendant Releasee or Released Persons except to enforce the releases and other terms and conditions contained in
the Settlement and/or the Judgment.

5.3 Upon
the Effective Date, the Defendant Releasees shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and
forever released, relinquished, and discharged each and all of Plaintiff Releasees from the Released Claims. The Defendant Releasees
shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, covenanted not to sue Defendants Released Persons
with respect to any of Defendants Released Claims, and shall be permanently barred and enjoined from instituting, commencing,
or prosecuting Defendants Released Claims against Defendants Released Persons except to enforce the releases and other
terms and conditions contained in the Stipulation and/or the Judgment.

23

6.
CONDITIONS OF SETTLEMENT; EFFECT OF DISAPPROVAL, CANCELLATION,
OR TERMINATION 

6.1 
The Effective Date of this Stipulation shall be conditioned on the occurrence of all of the following events:

a. Colorado
State Court approval of the content and method of providing notice of the proposed Settlement to Current Ampio Stockholders, and the
subsequent dissemination of the notice of the proposed Settlement to Current Ampio Stockholders;

b. Colorado
State Court entry of the Judgment, in all material respects in the form set forth as Exhibit D annexed hereto, approving the Settlement
and dismissing the State Derivative Action with prejudice, without awarding costs to any party, except as provided herein;

c.
payment of the Fee and Expense Amount in accordance with paragraph V (4.2); and

d.
the passing of the date upon which the Judgment becomes Final.

6.2 If
any of the conditions specified above in paragraph V (6.1) are not met, then this Stipulation shall be canceled and terminated subject
to paragraph V (6.3), unless counsel for the Parties mutually agree in writing to proceed with this Stipulation.

6.3 If
for any reason the Effective Date of this Stipulation does not occur, or if this Stipulation is in any way canceled, terminated or if
the Judgment fails to become Final in accordance with its terms: (a) all Parties shall be restored to their respective positions in the
Actions and the Demands as of the date of this Stipulation; (b) all releases delivered in connection with this Stipulation shall be null
and void, except as otherwise provided for in this Stipulation; (c) the Fee and Expense Amount paid to Plaintiffs Counsel shall
be refunded and returned within thirty (30) days; and (d) all negotiations, proceedings, documents prepared, and statements made in connection
herewith shall be without prejudice to the Parties, shall not be deemed or construed to be an admission by a Party of any act, matter,
or proposition, and shall not be used in any manner for any purpose in any subsequent proceeding in the Actions, the Demands, or in any
other action or proceeding. In such event, the terms and provisions of this Stipulation shall have no further force and effect with respect
to the Parties and shall not be used in the Actions, the Demands, or in any other proceeding for any purpose.

24

7.MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS

7.1 The
Parties: (i) acknowledge that it is their intent to consummate the Settlement; and (ii) agree to cooperate in good faith to the extent
reasonably necessary to effectuate and implement all terms and conditions of the Settlement and to exercise their reasonable best efforts
to accomplish the foregoing terms and conditions of the Settlement.

7.2 The
Parties intend this Settlement to be a final and complete resolution of all disputes between them with respect to the Actions, the Demands,
and any and all Released Claims.

7.3 Nothing
in this Stipulation, or any other settlement-related documents or communications, constitutes an admission that any claim which was brought
or could have been brought in the Actions or asserted in the Demands has or lacks any merit whatsoever, or that Defendants have committed
or engaged in any violation of law or wrongdoing whatsoever.

7.4 Until
the Effective Date, this Stipulation shall not be deemed to prejudice any of the positions of any of the Parties.

7.5 Neither
this Stipulation, nor any of its terms or provisions, nor entry of the Judgment, nor any act performed or document executed pursuant
to or in furtherance of this Stipulation or the Settlement, is, may be construed as, or may be used as evidence of the validity
of any of the claims released herein or an admission by or against the Individual Defendants of any fault, wrongdoing, or concession
of liability whatsoever.

25

7.6 Defendants
may file this Stipulation and/or the Judgment in any action that has or may be brought against them in order to support a defense or
counterclaim based on principles of res judicata, collateral estoppel, release, good faith settlement, judgment bar or reduction or any
other theory of claim preclusion or issue preclusion or similar defense or counterclaim.

7.7 Except
as set forth in this Stipulation, the Settlement may not be terminated, modified, or amended, except by an agreement in writing signed
by the Parties or their respective counsel.

7.8 This
Stipulation shall be construed as if the Parties collectively prepared it, and any uncertainty or ambiguity shall not be interpreted
against any of the Parties.

7.9 This
Stipulation shall be considered to have been negotiated, executed, and delivered, and to be wholly performed, in the State of Delaware,
and shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of laws principles.

7.10 This
Stipulation and the exhibits attached hereto contain the entire understanding of the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and
supersede any and all prior agreements, discussions, or negotiations of the Parties, whether oral or in writing, with respect to its
subject matter.

7.11 The
exhibits to this Stipulation are material and integral parts hereof and are fully incorporated herein. In the event that there exists
a conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Stipulation and the terms of any exhibit hereto, the terms of this Stipulation
shall prevail.

26

7.12 This
Stipulation may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all Parties had executed the same document. All
such counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one instrument. A facsimile or electronic (e.g., PDF format)
copy of this Stipulation as executed shall be deemed an original.

7.13 The
Parties agree that each party and their counsel have complied fully with the applicable requirements of good faith litigation and that
no action, allegation, position taken, or filing was undertaken or made in bad faith or in violation of Rule 11 of the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure or any comparable provision of state law.

7.14 No
representations, warranties, or inducements have been made to any of the Parties concerning this Stipulation or its exhibits other than
the representations, warranties, and covenants contained and memorialized in such documents.

7.15 In
the event any proceedings by or on behalf of Ampio, whether voluntary or involuntary, are initiated under any chapter of the United States
Bankruptcy Code, including an act of receivership, asset seizure, or similar federal or state law action (Bankruptcy Proceedings),
the Parties agree to use their reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary orders, consents, releases, and approvals for effectuation
of this Stipulation in a timely and expeditious manner. In the event of any Bankruptcy Proceedings by or on behalf of Ampio, the Parties
agree that all dates and deadlines set forth herein will be extended for such periods of time as are necessary to obtain necessary orders,
consents, releases and approvals from the bankruptcy court or the Colorado State Court or Federal Court to carry out the terms and conditions
of the Stipulation.

7.16 Any
planned, proposed, or actual sale, merger, or change-in-control of Ampio shall not void this Stipulation. The Stipulation shall run to
the Parties respective successors-in-interest. In the event of a planned, proposed, or actual sale, merger, or change-in-control
of Ampio, the Parties shall continue to seek the Colorado State Courts approval of the Settlement expeditiously, including
without limitation the Settlement terms reflected in this Stipulation and the Fee and Expense Amount.

27

7.17 Any
dispute, other than regarding allocation of the Fee and Expense Amount amongst Plaintiffs Counsel, arising out of or relating
to the finalization of the Settlement including, but not limited to, the terms of the Stipulation and related exhibits and filingsshall
be finally determined and resolved by the Mediator according to expedited mediation or arbitral procedures determined by the Mediator.
Each party shall bear their own costs and expenses in connection with any mediation or arbitral proceedings set forth herein.

7.18 
The Colorado State Court shall retain jurisdiction to implement and enforce the terms of the Stipulation and the Judgment and to consider
any matters or disputes arising out of or relating to the Settlement, and the Parties and their undersigned counsel submit to the jurisdiction
of the Colorado State Court for purposes of implementing and enforcing the Settlement embodied in the Stipulation and Judgment, and for
matters or disputes arising out of or relating to the Settlement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have caused the Stipulation to be executed by their duty authorized attorneys and dated January 8, 2025.

28

/s/
Thomas J. McKenna /s/
M. Norman Goldberger

Thomas J. McKenna M. Norman Goldberger

Gregory M. Egleston Patrick G. Compton

GAINEY McKENNA & EGLESTON BALLARD SPAHR LLP

260 Madison Avenue, 22nd Floor 1735 Market Street, 51st Floor

New York, NY 10016 Philadelphia, PA 19103

Telephone: (212) 983-1300 Telephone: (215) 665-8500

Facsimile: (212) 983-0383 Email: comptonp@ballardspahr.com

Email: tjmckenna@gme-law.com goldbergerm@ballardspahr.com

gegleston@gme-law.com 

Counsel for Defendants Michael A. Martino,
David Stevens, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho, Richard B. Giles, and Nominal Defendant Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Counsel for State Action Plaintiff Jordan
LeaJames (McCann) 

/s/
Emily R. Garnett

/s/
Timothy Brown Emily R. Garnett

Timothy Brown BROWNSTEIN HYATT FARBER

Saadia Hashmi SCHRECK, LLP

Elizabeth Donohoe 675 15th Street, Suite 2900

John Coyle III Denver, CO 80202 T

THE BROWN LAW FIRM, P.C. elephone: (303) 223-1147

767 Third Avenue, Suite 2501 Email: egarnett@bhfs.com

New York, NY 10017 

Telephone: (516) 922-5427 Counsel for Defendant Holli Cherevka

Email: tbrown@thebrownlawfirm.net /s/
Brian Neil Hoffman

shashmi@thebrownlawfirm.net Brian Neil Hoffman

edonohoe@thebrownlawfirm.net HOLLAND & HART LLP

jcoyle@thebrownlawfirm.net 555 17th Street, Suite 3200

Denver, CO 80202

Phillip Kim Telephone: (303) 295-8043

THE ROSEN LAW FIRM, P.A. Email: bnhoffman@hollandhart.com

275 Madison Avenue, 40th Floor 

New York, NY 10016 Counsel for Defendant David Bar-Or

Telephone: (212) 686-1060 

Email: pkim@rosenlegal.com 

Co-Lead Counsel for Federal Plaintiffs
Robert Maresca and Samantha Marquis 

/s/
Seth D. Rigrodsky 

Seth D. Rigrodsky 

Timothy J. MacFall 

Gina M. Serra 

RIGRODSKY LAW, P.A. 

300 Delaware Avenue, Suite 210 

Wilmington, DE 19801 

Telephone: (302) 295-5310 

Email: sdr@rl-legal.com 

tjm@rl-legal.com 

gms@rl-legal.com 

Counsel for Shareholder Satheesh
Thomas 

29

/s/
Justin Keuhn 

Justin Kuehn 

KUEHN LAW 

53 Hill Street, Suite 605 

Southampton, NY 11968 

Telephone: (917) 818-3045 

Email: justin@kuehn.law 

Counsel for Shareholder Dirk McKnight 

30

DISTRICT COURT, CITY & COUNTY OF
DENVER, STATE OF COLORADO 

1437
Bannock Street 

Denver,
Colorado 80202 

COURT
USE ONLY

Plaintiff: JORDAN
LEAJAMES (MCCANN), Derivatively on Behalf of AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., Case
Number: 2023CV30287

Division:
280

v. 

Defendants:
MICHAEL A. MARTINO, J. KEVIN BUCHI, DAVID STEVENS, ELIZABETH JOBES, HOLLI CHEREVKA, DAVID BAR-OR, PHILIP H.COELHO, and RICHARD
B. GILES, 

EXHIBIT
A

and 

Nominal
Defendant: AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., a Delaware 

Corporation 

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE REFORMS

I. CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE REFORMS TO BE IMPLEMENTED AND MAINTAINED BY AMPIO AS A RESULT OF THE SETTLEMENT

The
Parties to the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action,1 the State Court Derivative Action and stockholders who made derivative
demands engaged in a mediation on January 4, 2024. At the time of the mediation, the Company was engaged in nonclinical testing of a
potential drug candidate, OA-201. At the mediation, the Parties reached a settlement in principle of the derivative claims and demands
that entailed various corporate governance reforms being implemented by the Company.

Approximately
six weeks after the parties reached the settlement in principle at the mediation, the Company received efficacy results from its latest
nonclinical testing of OA-201 that were disappointing. As a result and in light of the Companys cash position, the Board of Directors
(the Board) of the Company determined that it was not in the best interests of the Company or its stockholders to continue
development efforts for OA-201. The Board recognized that the continuing viability of the Company was in question and that, if the Company
did not survive, it could not implement the corporate governance reforms in the derivative settlement.

The
Company therefore contacted derivative plaintiffs counsel and advised them of the Companys status. In consultation
with derivative plaintiffs counsel, the Board determined that it was in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders
to conserve cash and effectuate a voluntary long-form dissolution under Delaware law with the hope that, after its liabilities are satisfied,
the Company will have cash remaining for distribution to the Companys stockholders. Accordingly, the Parties to the Consolidated
Federal Derivative Action, the State Court Derivative Action and the demanding stockholders agreed to alternate corporate governance
reforms set forth in Section II herein. The Parties further agreed that if the Board determines that another strategic alternative would
be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and result in the

Companys
long-term survival as a going concern, it will advise derivative plaintiffs counsel within five (5) days of that decision and
abide by the original settlement in principle reached at the January 4, 2024 mediation (set forth in Section III below).

II. Corporate
Governance Reforms To Conserve Cash for Potential Distribution to Stockholders After Dissolution

Ampio
acknowledges and agrees that the filing, pendency, and settlement of the Actions was the cause of the Companys decision to adopt
and implement the Reforms. Ampio also acknowledges and agrees that the Reforms confer substantial benefits to Ampio and Ampios
stockholders.

None
of the terms agreed to in connection with a potential resolution of the derivative complaints / demands will constitute an admission
that the Company had a material weakness, significant deficiency, or any other failure with respect to the Companys internal accounting
controls or internal controls over financial reporting. Further, nothing in the terms agreed to constitute an admission by any Director
or Officer of any wrongdoing.

1 Unless
otherwise noted, all capitalized terms herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement.

A. 
Dissolution

The
Company will file for long-form dissolution under Delaware law as soon as reasonably practical. By the time of or concurrent with the
dissolution filing, the Company will terminate all remaining employees and eliminate the Board. The Company will retain one or two consultants
as needed to oversee the winding down of the Companys affairs. The Company estimates that the elimination of the Board will result
in annual cost savings of approximately $230,000 (reflecting the compensation that would otherwise be paid to the Board members) and
the elimination of officers and employees will result in an annual cost savings of over $1,000,000 (offset by the fees paid to the consultant(s),
which the Company anticipates will be relatively low

approximately $250,000 annually)

B. Expense
Reduction

Effective
immediately, the Company will reduce expenses as much as possible, including by de-listing Ampio from any exchange, de-registering Ampio
securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to eliminate on-going SEC reporting requirements and thus
reduce costs associated with those filings, terminating employees, disengaging its auditors, ending contracts with vendors, subleasing
any real estate, and employing other cost-savings measures to the extent feasible. The Company estimates that the de-registration alone
will result in annual cost savings of at least $300,000 due to the elimination of auditor, SOX compliance consultant, filing platform
and certain counsel fees.

C. Reduced
Compensation

Effective
immediately, all remaining Company officers compensation will be reduced for work in winding up the Companys affairs. In
particular, the Companys current Chief Executive Officer, whose annual salary under his employment agreement is $550,000,
has agreed to serve as a consultant to wind up the affairs of the Company at a significantly reduced hourly rate.

D. Board
Fees

Effective
immediately, members of the Board will stop receiving director fees and other compensation for their work on the Board. The director
cash compensation for the remaining members of the Board has been approximately $230,000 annually.

E. Severance
Payments

Effective
immediately, the Company will attempt to negotiate reduced severance payments below any contractual amounts owed to officers whose employment
is continuing.

F. 
Stock Options / Awards

Effective
immediately, any stock options or other stock-based awards due to current officers and directors will not vest and will be terminated.
This will result in the reduced participation of the current officers and directors in any final distribution of remaining assets that
may be made to stockholders post-dissolution.

G. Prior
Reforms / Cost Savings

To
the extent the Company engaged in or engages in corporate governance reforms including the reforms set forth in Section IV below and
the cost reduction efforts set forth herein before Court approval of the settlement, the Company acknowledges that the filing, pendency,
and settlement of the Actions were in substantial part responsible for those reforms and cost reductions.

III. Original
Corporate Governance Reforms to be Effectuated if the Board Determines that Another Strategic
Alternative Resulting in the Companys Long-Term Survival Is In the Best Interests
of the Company and Its Stockholders

The
Board of Directors of Ampio (the Board) shall adopt resolutions and amend Board committee charters and/or its Bylaws to
the extent necessary to ensure adherence to the following responsibilities, processes and procedures, many of which are consistent with
the Companys existing practices (the Reforms), and will commit to keep these Reforms in effect for no less than
three (3) years from their adoption. The Reforms are prospective and none of the reviews or assessments thereunder shall require any
review or assessment of any action retroactively prior to the date the Reforms are implemented.

Ampio
acknowledges and agrees that the filing, pendency, and settlement of the Actions was the cause of the Companys decision to adopt
and implement the Reforms and/or maintain the Reforms for a specified period. Ampio also acknowledges and agrees that the Reforms confer
substantial benefits to Ampio and Ampios stockholders.

None
of the terms agreed to in connection with a potential resolution of the derivative complaints / demands will constitute an admission
that the Company had a material weakness, significant deficiency, or any other failure with respect to the Companys internal accounting
controls or internal controls over financial reporting.

A. ADDITIONAL
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

The
Board shall appoint one (1) additional independent director within twelve (12) months of the date of this Agreement so long as the Board
is able to identify a qualified independent director candidate willing to serve.

B. BOARD
COMPOSITION AND PRACTICES

(a) Limitations
on Other Boards. The Board shall amend Ampios Bylaws to require that directors and executives comply with the ISS guidelines
with respect to the number of other public boards on which they may serve.

(b) Special
Meeting of Shareholders. The Board shall amend Article III, Section 6 of the Companys Bylaws to allow any Ampio shareholder
or group of Ampio shareholders holding at least 10% of the Companys outstanding shares to call a special meeting of Ampio shareholders.

C. INVENTORY
CONTROL AND SECURITY EFFORTS

To
ensure that the Companys inventory is managed responsibly and safely going forward, the Company shall enact the following improvements
with respect to inventory control, to the extent it has not already done so. While Ampio uses third parties to manufacture, inventory
and distribute drug product, it shall ensure its third party vendors are subject to cGMP inventory controls and inspection by the relevant
federal agencies. To the extent Ampio maintains inventory of pharmaceutical product in its own facilities rather than with a third party
vendor:

i. Ampio
shall implement a quality system compliant with 21 CFR Parts 210 and 211;

ii. The
quality system will pertain to and govern all Ampio-owned or leased facilities in which Drug
Substance and Drug Product are manufactured, stored or inventoried;

iii. Ampio
shall manage Drug Substance and Drug Product inventory in accordance with the Code of Federal
Regulations requirements.

D. THE DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE 

To ensure that the Companys
disclosures are accurate and complete, the Company shall create a charter for its management-level Disclosure Committee to describe the
existing Disclosure Committees role in developing and enhancing procedures and protocols relating to disclosures, to ensure that
all of the Companys significant public statements are reviewed for accuracy and completeness, and to review with management its
ongoing compliance with its protocols and procedures.

The Disclosure Committee
members shall consist of, at least, the Companys CFO and two other members with oversight of key functional areas within the Company.
The CFO shall serve as the Disclosure Committees Chair. Ampio shall post the Disclosure Committee charter on the Companys
website. The Disclosure Committee charter shall provide for at least the following responsibilities:

(a) Establish
procedures and review timelines relating to the preparation and filing of the Companys quarterly earnings press releases and periodic
SEC reports, including disclosure policies and lines of communication to ensure that relevant Company personnel timely report to the
Disclosure Committee information potentially requiring disclosure, in coordination with other groups within the Company as appropriate;

(b) 
Review the Companys Exchange Act filings (including Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, and proxy statements, and registration
statements), correspondence to shareholders, and presentations to analysts and investors. In the event that such review reveals a false
statement or omission of material fact required to be disclosed, the Disclosure Committee will report the deficiency to the full Board;

(c) 
At least annually, review and assess the Companys non-financial metrics disclosed in its Exchange Act filings;

(d) In
conducting the review procedures described above, the Disclosure Committee shall coordinate with other Company senior officers, independent
accountants, internal auditors, outside legal counsel, and the Audit Committee, as necessary, and the chair of the Disclosure Committee,
or the chairs designee, shall report at least quarterly to the Board.

E . INTERNAL CONTROLS AND
COMPLIANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board shall oversee an
annual analysis for each of the next five (5) years regarding appropriate steps Ampio could take to test and strengthen its internal
audit and control function, including, but not limited to, with respect to the accuracy of public disclosures and compliance with laws
and regulations, including FDA regulations.

The Board shall annually
assess and address any potential changes to augment Ampios Disclosure Committee functions and Audit Committee functions. The Audit
Committee shall meet with the CEO, the CFO, and Ampios external auditors in advance of Ampios finalization of its annual
Form 10-K report (regardless of whether the annual report on Form 10-K is a restatement, amended filing, or initial filing, and whether
it is submitted late or on time).

Ampios CFO shall not
have served as Ampios audit partner at any of Ampios outside auditor firms for at least one (1) year before being employed
as CFO.

F. THE BOARDS RISK
OVERSIGHT DUTIES AND OBLIGATIONS

The Board shall adopt resolutions
specifying the following policies, duties and responsibilities to strengthen its oversight of the Companys risk management policies.
The Boards responsibilities shall include:

(a) The Board
shall oversee the Companys risk management policies and risk management framework.

(b) The Board shall receive reports quarterly
from management or other appropriate persons regarding the Company operations, including
the process and source of information used to confirm the accuracy of proposed public disclosures;

(c) The Board shall be responsible for overseeing
Ampios compliance with public reporting requirements as well as internal risk assessment
and reporting conducted by Ampio employees. The Board shall have free and open access to
Company employees for the purpose of identifying material risks relating to Ampios
compliance procedures. The Board shall obtain a report from management whenever any potential
material violation of Ampios compliance policies are identified. The Board will consider
specific recommendations regarding mitigation of risks, as well as Ampios public disclosures
of these risks;

(d) The
Board shall review the Companys periodic public reports for proper disclosure of risks
and risk factors and shall consider any report by the Disclosure Committee or Audit Committee
regarding the same;

(e) To the extent the Board learns of any
compliance issues that may have significant financial implications and are sufficiently material
to trigger a disclosure obligation, it will ensure that it is known to the Companys
outside counsel;

(f) The
Compensation Committee shall report to the full Board on an annual basis regarding the CEOs
and CFOs contribution to Ampios culture of ethics and compliance and their
effectiveness and dedication to ensuring Ampios compliance with applicable laws, rules,
and regulations; and,

(g) Within six (6) months of the Courts
final approval of the settlement, the Board shall review Ampios internal controls
over compliance and implement changes as it deems necessary in its sole discretion. This
review shall include an evaluation of the effectiveness of Ampios newly implemented
controls and procedures.

G. COMPLIANCE OFFICER RESPONSIBILITIES

The responsibilities of the
Companys Compliance Officer (who may hold other executive positions within the Company, including serving as Chief Financial Officer),
to the extent the Compliance Officer is not already tasked with such responsibilities, shall include fostering a culture that integrates
compliance and ethics into business processes and practices through awareness and training, maintaining, and monitoring a system for
accurate public and internal disclosures and reporting, and investigating potential compliance and ethics concerns with respect to all
financial and disclosure matters. The Compliance Officer shall report to the Audit Committee at least quarterly and shall report promptly
to the Audit Committee any allegations of compliance and ethics concerns or financial fraud or reporting violations.

The Compliance Officer shall
be primarily responsible for managing Ampios compliance program with respect to financial and disclosure matters and for assisting
the Board in fulfilling its oversight duties with regard to Ampios compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and the dissemination
of true and accurate information. In this regard, the Compliance Officer shall report directly to the Audit Committee and work with the
full Board as appropriate to facilitate the

Boards oversight responsibilities.

The Board will adopt a resolution
specifying that the responsibilities and duties of Ampios Compliance Officer shall include the following:

(a) Working with the Disclosure Committee
to evaluate and define the goals of the Companys compliance program in light of trends
and changes in laws that may affect Ampios compliance with laws and risk exposure;

(b) Implementing
procedures for monitoring and evaluating the programs performance, and communicating
with and informing the Disclosure Committee regarding progress toward meeting program goals;

(c) Advising Ampios Disclosure Committee
and acting as the liaison between that committee, Ampios executive officers, and the
Board, in which capacity the Compliance Officer shall: (i) be primarily responsible for assessing
organizational risk for misconduct and noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations
relating to financial and disclosure matters; (ii) report material risks relating to compliance
or disclosure issues to the Disclosure Committee; and (iii) make recommendations for further
evaluation and/or remedial action;

(d) Reviewing and approving Ampios
public statements prior to their publication to ensure the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness
of disclosures relating to any material risks to Ampios compliance with applicable
laws and regulations relating to financial and disclosure matters, and reporting any material
issues that may merit disclosure to the Disclosure Committee and Audit Committee;

(e) Working
with Ampios Audit Committee to evaluate the adequacy of Ampios internal controls
over compliance and developing proposals for improving these controls, including meeting
with the Audit Committee at least quarterly to discuss ongoing and potential litigation and
compliance issues; and

(f) Overseeing
employee training in risk assessment and compliance.

H. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER RESPONSIBILITIES

The Board will adopt a resolution specifying the
responsibilities and duties of Ampios CFO, which shall include the following:

(a) Reporting
to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis, and further reporting to the Board, in writing
or orally, more often as circumstances warrant;

(b) Meeting
with the Disclosure Committee and the CEO at least quarterly to monitor the Companys
financial performance;

(c) Leading
the development and execution of effective strategies to assure legally compliant investor
communications;

(d) Working
with the Disclosure Committee to develop investor relations policies and controls to ensure
compliance with all federal and state laws and regulations relating to financial and disclosure
matters; and

(e) Working directly with the Disclosure
Committee and the Audit Committee to ensure that all investor-related documents and announcements,
are accurate and truthful.

I.THE
AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER

Ampio shall adopt
a resolution to amend the Audit Committee Charter. The amended Audit Committee Charter shall be posted on the Companys website.
The Audit Committee Charter shall be amended to include the following:

(a) The Audit Committee shall meet at least
four (4) times annually and in separate executive sessions with the Companys management,
independent auditor, Disclosure Committee Chair and Compliance Officer in carrying out its
duties. The Audit Committee shall meet in separate sessions with the Companys
outside counsel to review any legal matters pertinent to carrying out its duties, as needed;

(b) The
Audit Committee, with the assistance of the Disclosure Committee and Compliance Officer,
shall review the Code of Conduct at least annually, in addition to working with management
in monitoring compliance; and

(c) The
Audit Committee shall annually receive a report listing all trades in Ampio securities completed
by Section 16 officers.

J. THE
NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE CHARTER 

Ampio shall adopt a resolution
to amend the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The amended Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter
shall be posted to the Companys website and shall require the following:

(a) The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall
meet with each prospective new Board member prior to his or her nomination to the Board and then recommend whether such individual
shall be nominated for membership to the Board. Before recommending the appointment of any Board member, the committee shall conduct
a formal background check of that individual;

(b) Final approval of a director candidate
shall be determined by the full Board. The decision on whether to recommend such person to
the Board shall be disclosed to shareholders after a full review by the Board. Potential
conflicts of interest to be considered for independence shall include familial relationships
with Company officers or directors, interlocking directorships, and/or substantial business,
civic, and/or social relationships with other members of the Board that could impair the
prospective Board members ability to act independently from the other Board members;

(c) The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall review and evaluate Ampios director
nomination processes, compare these processes with best practices, and develop recommendations
to the Board regarding any actions to take based on its evaluation, including the implementation
of new processes and procedures as necessary; and

(d) The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall be responsible for ensuring that an up-to-date
version of the Corporate Governance Guidelines is available on the Companys website.

K. THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER

Ampio shall adopt a resolution
to amend the Compensation Committee Charter. The amended Compensation Committee Charter shall be posted on the Companys website.
The amended Compensation Committee Charter shall require the following:

(a) In determining, setting, or approving
annual short-term compensation arrangements, the Compensation Committee shall consider the
particular executives performance as it relates to both legal compliance and compliance
with the Companys internal policies and procedures. This shall not affect payments
or benefits that are required to be paid pursuant to the Companys plans, policies,
or agreements; and

(b) In determining, setting, or approving
termination benefits and/or separation pay to executive officers, the Compensation Committee
shall take into consideration the circumstances surrounding the particular executive officers
departure and the executives performance as it relates to both legal compliance and
compliance with the Companys internal policies and procedures. This shall not affect
payments or benefits that are required to be paid pursuant to the Companys plans,
policies, or agreements.

L. EMPLOYEE
TRAINING IN RISK ASSESSMENT AND COMPLIANCE, WITH SPECIAL REGARD FOR HANDLING AND USE OF PRE-DEVELOPMENT
DRUGS 

To further ensure employee
compliance with Company procedures, Ampio shall provide an annual employee training program, which may be administered by an employee,
outside consultant or counsel, that adheres to the following conditions, to the extent it does not already:

(a) Ampios
Compliance Officer shall be charged with primary responsibility for education pursuant to this provision;

(b) 
Training shall be mandatory for all directors, officers, and employees of Ampio. Training shall be annual for all such persons, and in
the event that a person is appointed or hired after the annual training for a particular year, a special training session shall be held
for such individual within ninety (90) days of his or her appointment or hiring;

(c) 
Training shall include, as relevant based on the director, officer or employees function, coverage of risk assessment and compliance,
Ampios Code of Conduct, Related Party Transactions Policy, Compensation Recoupment Policy (discussed below), Whistleblower Policy,
and any and all other manuals or policies established by Ampio concerning legal or ethical standards of conduct to be observed in connection
with work performed for Ampio (Ampios Policies);

(d) 
Training for employees with access to, or involved in the handling of, any clinical trial stage pre-development drugs, if any, shall
be conducted on an annual basis. Upon completion of this training, the person receiving the training shall provide a written certification
as to his or her receipt and understanding of the obligations under all Ampios policies, procedures, guidelines, and rules pertaining
to the access to, storage of, and use of any clinical trial stage pre-development drugs. Each written certification shall be maintained
by Ampios Compliance Officer for a period of five (5) years from the date it was executed; and

(e) 
Training for employees involved in (i) preparing the Companys financial statements; (ii) communications with the Companys
independent auditor; and (iii) disseminating or producing the Companys public statements shall include, but not be limited to,
issuing appropriate guidance, coverage of pertinent provisions of GAAP and the laws and regulations regarding public disclosures. Upon
completion of training, the person receiving the training shall provide a written certification as to his or her receipt and understanding
of the obligations under Ampios policies. Each written certification shall be maintained by Ampios Compliance Officer for
a period of five (5) years from the date it was executed.

M. MANDATORY
ATTENDANCE OF DIRECTORS AT ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS 

The Company shall institute
a policy that, absent extraordinary circumstances, each member of the Board shall attend, either in person or virtually, each annual
shareholder meeting and, during the annual shareholder meeting, shareholders shall have the right to ask questions in writing regarding
any shareholder proposals.

N. WHISTLEBLOWER POLICY

The Audit Committee shall
be responsible for overseeing the maintenance of the Companys Whistleblower hotline. Any third party provider of the hotline shall
report any credible complaint to the Compliance Officer and the Audit Committee within three (3) business days of receipt. The link to
the Hotline shall continue to be placed in the Code of Conduct and shall also be posted by the Company on its website. Furthermore, the
Company shall publish the Hotline telephone number in the Code of Conduct and in any place where the Company publishes the link to the
Hotline website.

The Board shall adopt resolutions
to create a separate standalone Whistleblower Policy, and the Company shall post the Whistleblower Policy on the Companys website.

The Whistleblower Policy shall include the following:

(a) 
Encourage all interested parties to bring forward ethical and legal violations and/or a reasonable belief that ethical or legal
violations have occurred to the Board or an appropriate sub-committee thereof, or via the Companys Whistleblower Hotline or website
portal, so that action may be taken to resolve the problem;

(b) Provide
that complaints shall be reviewed by the executive or committee most appropriate, depending on the nature of the complaint, in consultation
with the Companys outside legal counsel, if deemed necessary; and

(c) Effectively
communicate that the Company is serious about adherence to its Code of Conduct and other corporate governance policies and that whistleblowing
is an important tool in achieving this goal.

(d)
Notify employees of the following:

(i) executives
and employees are subject to substantial penalties for retaliation against whistleblowers;

(ii) Ampio
is available to assist on matters pertaining to corruption, fraud, or similar unlawful activities
at the Company;

(iii) language
found in the Code of Conduct regarding reporting potential violations;

(iv) that
complaints submitted pursuant to the policy will be handled confidentially if reasonably
practicable;

(v) that satisfying the stated values, business
standards, and ethical standards of the Company will be considered in performance reviews;
and

(vi) it is against Ampios policy to discharge,
demote, suspend, threaten, intimidate, harass or in any manner discriminate against whistleblowers.

A log of whistleblower complaints,
as well as the results of all investigations of complaints, shall be maintained by the Companys Compliance Officer for a period
of not less than five (5) years.

IV. CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE REFORMS AND OTHER CHANGES PROMPTED IN PART BY THE ACTIONS

Ampio has either adoptedor memorialized
(as appropriate)the following corporate governance changes since the filing of the Actions:

Strengthened
several processes to support the Companys disclosure controls and procedures including
(i) adopting quarterly planning meetings between management, legal counsel and external auditors
to align on areas of focus for upcoming Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, (ii) requiring multiple rounds
of legal and outside auditor reviews for each Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, including immediately
prior to filing, and (iii) began circulating comments from the Board and the Audit Committee
on Forms 10-Q and Forms 10-K to a broad group, which helps ensure the comments have visibility
and are addressed;

Augmented
and tested the Audit Committee procedures established under Section 301 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 for the confidential, anonymous submission by Company employees of concerns regarding
questionable accounting or auditing matters;

Regularly
dedicates meetings between Ampio management and legal counsel to review recent SEC rulemaking
and the impact on the Company, and provided training to the Board or its committees on these
topics (for example cybersecurity disclosure);

Adopted
a Compensation Recoupment Policy in order to comply with Section 311 of the NYSE American
Company Guide and Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and

Ensured
there are regular opportunities for third party subject matter experts to present directly
to the Board, including relating to product development and regulatory matters.

The Company shall acknowledge
that the filing and maintenance of the Actions was a substantial factor in Ampios adoption of these corporate governance policies
and practices since the Actions were commenced.

DISTRICT
COURT, CITY & COUNTY OF 

DENVER,
STATE OF COLORADO 

1437
Bannock Street 

Denver,
Colorado 80202 

COURT
USE ONLY

Plaintiff:
JORDAN LEAJAMES (MCCANN), 

Derivatively
on Behalf of AMPIO Case
Number: 2023CV30287

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., 

Division:
280

v. 

Defendants:
MICHAEL A. MARTINO, J. KEVIN 

BUCHI,
DAVID STEVENS, ELIZABETH JOBES, 

HOLLI
CHEREVKA, DAVID BAR-OR, PHILIP H. 

COELHO,
and RICHARD B. GILES, 

EXHIBIT
B

and 

Nominal
Defendant: AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., a Delaware 

Corporation 

[PROPOSED]
PRELIMINARY APPROVAL ORDER

This matter came
before the Court on the Parties Joint Motion for Preliminary Approval of Stockholder Derivative
Settlement. Plaintiffs1 have made an unopposed motion, pursuant to Rule 23.1 of the Colorado Rules of Civil Procedure,
for an order: (i) preliminarily approving the proposed settlement (the Settlement) of stockholder derivative claims brought
on behalf of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Ampio or the Company), in accordance with the Stipulation and Agreement
of Settlement dated January 8, 2025 (the Stipulation); (ii) approving the form and manner of the notice of the Settlement
to Current Ampio Stockholders; and (iii) setting a date for the Settlement Hearing.2

1 Plaintiffs
means plaintiff Jordan LeaJames (McCann) (Plaintiff) in the above-captioned stockholder action (the State Derivative
Action), plaintiffs Robert Maresca and Samantha Marquis in a similar consolidated stockholder derivative action pending in the
United States District Court for the District of Colorado, captioned Maresca v. Martino et al, Case No. 1:22-cv-02646-PAB-KAS
(the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action), and shareholders Satheesh Thomas and Dirk McKnight who made separate pre-suit
litigation demands (the Demands).

2 Except
as otherwise expressly provided below or as the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms contained herein shall have the same
meanings and/or definitions as set forth in the Stipulation.

31

WHEREAS, the Stipulation
sets forth the terms and conditions for the Settlement, including, but not limited to, a proposed Settlement and dismissal with prejudice
of the above-captioned State Derivative Action, as well as resolution of the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action and the Demands;

WHEREAS, the Court
having: (i) read and considered Plaintiffs Unopposed Motion for Preliminary Approval of Stockholder Derivative Settlement together
with the accompanying Memorandum of Points and Authorities; (ii) read and considered the Stipulation, as well as all the exhibits attached
thereto; and (iii) heard and considered arguments by counsel for the Parties in favor of preliminary approval of the Settlement;

WHEREAS, the Court
finds, upon a preliminary evaluation, that the proposed Settlement falls within the range of possible approval criteria, as it provides
a beneficial result for Ampio and appears to be the product of serious, informed, non-collusive negotiations overseen by an experienced
mediator; and

WHEREAS, the Court
also finds, upon a preliminary evaluation, that Ampio stockholders should be apprised of the Settlement through the Parties proposed
form and means of notice, allowed to file objections, if any, thereto, and appear at the Settlement Hearing.

32

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED
AS FOLLOWS:

1. This
Court, for purposes of this Preliminary Approval Order, adopts the definitions set forth in the Stipulation.

2. This
Court preliminarily approves, subject to further consideration at the Settlement Hearing described below, the Settlement as set forth
in the Stipulation as being fair, reasonable, and adequate.

3. A
hearing shall be held on _______________, 2025 at ____ _.m., before the Honorable ____________, at the District Court, City & County
of Denver, State of Colorado, Denver City & County Building, 1437 Bannock Street, Denver, Colorado 80202 (the Settlement Hearing),
at which the Court will determine: (i) whether the terms of the Stipulation should be approved as fair, reasonable, and adequate; (ii)
whether the Notice fully satisfied the requirements of Rule 23.1 of the Colorado Rules of Civil Procedure and the requirements of due
process; (iii) whether all Released Claims against the Released Persons should be fully and finally released; (iv) whether the agreed-to
Fee and Expense Amount as well as the Service Awards should be approved; and (v) such other matters as the Court may deem appropriate.

4. The
Court finds that the form, substance, and dissemination of information regarding the proposed Settlement in the manner set out in this
Preliminary Approval Order constitutes the best notice practicable under the circumstances and complies fully with Rule 23.1 of the Colorado
Rules of Civil Procedure and due process.

5. Within
ten (10) days after the entry of this Preliminary Approval Order, Ampio shall: (1) post a copy of the Notice and the Stipulation (and
exhibits thereto) on the Companys website; (2) issue a press release with the Notice on GlobeNewswire; and (3) file with
the SEC the Notice and Stipulation (and exhibits thereto) as exhibits to an SEC Form 8-K if possible. If filing the Notice and
Stipulation as exhibits to an SEC Form 8-K is not possible, within thirty (30) days of entry of the Preliminary Approval Order, Ampio
will provide notice to Current Ampio Stockholders in the same manner it provides notice of stockholder meetings. The Notice shall provide
a link to the location on the Companys website where the Notice and Stipulation (and exhibits thereto) may be viewed, which page
will be maintained through the date of the Settlement Hearing.

33

6. All
costs incurred in the filing, posting, and publication of the notice of the Settlement shall be paid by Ampio, and Ampio shall undertake
all administrative responsibility for the filing, posting, and publication of the notice of the Settlement.

7. At
least thirty (30) calendar days prior to the Settlement Hearing, Defendants Counsel shall file with the Court an appropriate affidavit
or declaration with respect to filing, publishing, and posting the notice of the Settlement as provided for in paragraph 5 of this Preliminary
Approval Order.

8. All
Current Ampio Stockholders shall be subject to and bound by the provisions of the Stipulation and the releases contained therein, and
by all orders, determinations, and judgments in the State Derivative Action concerning the Settlement, whether favorable or unfavorable
to Current Ampio Stockholders.

9. Pending
final determination of whether the Settlement should be approved, Plaintiffs and Current Ampio Stockholders are barred and enjoined from
commencing, prosecuting, instigating, or in any way participating in the commencement or prosecution of any action asserting any Released
Claims against any of the Released Persons.

34

10. 
Any stockholder of Ampio common stock may appear and show cause, if he, she, or it has any reason why the Settlement embodied in the
Stipulation should not be approved as fair, reasonable, and adequate, or why a judgment should or should not be entered hereon, or the
Fee and Expense Amount or Service Awards should not be awarded. However, no Ampio stockholder shall be heard or entitled to contest the
approval of the Settlement, or, if approved, the Judgment to be entered thereon, unless that Ampio stockholder has caused to be filed,
and served on counsel as noted below: (i) a written notice of objection with the case name and number (LeaJames v. Martino et al,
Case No: 2023-cv-30287); (ii) the Persons name, legal address, and telephone number; (iii) notice of whether such Person intends
to appear at the Settlement Hearing and the reasons such Person desires to appear and be heard, and whether such Person is represented
by counsel and if so, contact information for counsel; (iv) competent evidence that such Person held shares of Ampio common stock as
of the date of the Stipulation and continues to hold such stock as of the date the objection is made, including the date(s) such shares
were acquired; (v) a statement of objections to any matters before the Court, the grounds therefor, as well as all documents or writings
such Person desires the Court to consider; and (vi) the identities of any witnesses such Person plans on calling at the Settlement Hearing,
along with a summary description of their expected testimony.

11. 
At least twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the Settlement Hearing set for _____________, 2025, any such person must file the
written objection(s) and corresponding materials with the Clerk of the Court, District Court, City & County of Denver, State of Colorado,
Denver City & County Building, 1437 Bannock Street, Room 256, Denver, Colorado 80202 and serve such materials by that date, on each
of the following Parties counsel:

35

Counsel for
State Plaintiff: Counsel for
Defendants:

GAINEY McKENNA & EGLESTON BALLARD SPAHR LLP

Thomas J. McKenna J. Chesley Burruss

260 Madison Avenue, 22nd Floor 1735 Market Street, 51st Floor

New York, NY 10016 Philadelphia, PA 19103

Telephone: (212) 983-1300 Telephone: (215) 864-8237

Email: tjmckenna@gme-law.com Email: burrussc@ballardspahr.com

Counsel for Federal Plaintiffs

THE BROWN LAW FIRM, P.C.

Timothy Brown

767 Third Avenue, Suite 2501

New York, NY 10017

Telephone: (516) 922-5427

Email: tbrown@thebrownlawfirm.net

12. 
Only stockholders who have filed with the Court and sent to the Parties counsel valid and timely written notices of objection
and notices of appearance will be entitled to be heard at the hearing unless the Court orders otherwise.

13. Any
Person or entity who fails to appear or object in the manner provided herein shall be deemed to have waived such objection and shall
forever be foreclosed from making any objection to the fairness, reasonableness, or adequacy of the Settlement and to the Fee and Expense
Amount and Service Awards, unless otherwise ordered by the Court, but shall be forever bound by the Judgment to be entered and the releases
to be given as set forth in the Stipulation.

14. 
Plaintiffs shall file their motion for final approval of the Settlement at least twenty-eight (28) calendar days prior to the
Settlement Hearing. If there is any objection to the Settlement, the deadline for filings in response to the objection(s) is seven (7)
calendar days prior to the Settlement Hearing.

15. 
All proceedings in the State Derivative Action are stayed until further order of the Court, except as may be necessary to implement
the Settlement or comply with the terms of the Stipulation.

36

16. 
This Court may, for good cause, extend any of the deadlines set forth in this Preliminary Approval Order without further notice
to Ampio stockholders.

17. 
Neither the Stipulation, nor any of its terms or provisions, nor entry of the Judgment, nor any document
or exhibit referred or attached to the Stipulation, nor any action taken to carry out the Stipulation, is, may be construed as, or may
be used as evidence of the validity of any of the claims released herein or an admission by or against the Individual Defendants of any
fault, wrongdoing, or concession of liability whatsoever.

18. The
Court reserves: (i) the right to approve the Settlement, with such modifications as may be agreed to by counsel for the Settling Parties
consistent with such Settlement, without further notice to Current Ampio Shareholders; (ii) the right to continue or adjourn the Settlement
Hearing from time to time or by oral announcement at the hearing or at any adjournment thereof, without further notice to Current Ampio
Shareholders; and (iii) the right to hold the Settlement Hearing telephonically or by videoconference, without further notice to Current
Ampio Shareholders. Any Current Ampio Shareholder (or his, her or its counsel) who wishes to appear at the Settlement Hearing should
consult the Courts calendar and/or Ampios website for any change in the date, time, or format of the Settlement Hearing.

IT IS SO ORDERED.

DATED: 

37

DISTRICT
COURT, CITY & COUNTY OF 

DENVER,
STATE OF COLORADO 

1437
Bannock Street 

Denver,
Colorado 80202 

COURT
USE ONLY

Plaintiff:
JORDAN LEAJAMES (MCCANN), 

Derivatively
on Behalf of AMPIO Case
Number: 2023CV30287

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., 

Division:
280

v. 

Defendants:
MICHAEL A. MARTINO, J. KEVIN 

BUCHI,
DAVID STEVENS, ELIZABETH JOBES, 

HOLLI
CHEREVKA, DAVID BAR-OR, PHILIP H. 

COELHO,
and RICHARD B. GILES, 

EXHIBIT
C

and 

Nominal
Defendant: AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., a Delaware 

Corporation 

NOTICE
OF PENDENCY AND PROPOSED SETTLEMENT OF STOCKHOLDER

DERIVATIVE
ACTIONS

TO: ALL RECORD HOLDERS AND BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC. (AMPIO OR THE COMPANY) COMMON STOCK AS OF JANUARY 8, 2025.

PLEASE READ THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY AND IN ITS
ENTIRETY. THIS NOTICE RELATES TO A PROPOSED SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE OF STOCKHOLDER DERIVATIVE LITIGATION AND CONTAINS
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR RIGHTS.

IF THE COURT APPROVES THE SETTLEMENT OF THE ACTIONS,
CURRENT AMPIO STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE FOREVER BARRED FROM CONTESTING THE APPROVAL OF THE PROPOSED SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE,
AND FROM PURSUING RELEASED CLAIMS.

THIS ACTION IS NOT A CLASS ACTION.
THUS, THERE IS NO COMMON FUND UPON WHICH YOU CAN MAKE A CLAIM FOR A MONETARY PAYMENT.

PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that this action is being
settled on the terms set forth in a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated January 8, 2025 (the Stipulation). The
purpose of this Notice is to inform you of:

the
existence of a consolidated derivative action pending in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado (the Federal
Court) captioned Maresca v. Martino et al, Case No. 1:22-cv-02646-PAB-KAS (Consolidated with Civil Action No. 22-cv-02803-PAB-KLM)
(the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action),

the existence of a similar derivative action pending in the District Court, City & County of Denver, State of Colorado (the Colorado
State Court) captioned LeaJames v. Martino et al, Case No: 2023-cv-30287 (the State Derivative Action, and,
together with the Consolidated

Federal Derivative Action, the Actions),

the existence of two
pending stockholder litigation demands served on the Companys Board of Directors (the Board)
to investigate and bring action against the Individual Defendants1 (the Demands),

the
proposed settlement between Plaintiffs and Defendants (together, Parties) reached in the Actions and the Demands (the Settlement),

the
hearing to be held by the Colorado State Court to consider the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the Settlement and dismissal
of the State Derivative Action with prejudice,

Plaintiffs Counsels
application to the Colorado State Court for a Fee and Expense Amount, and

Plaintiffs Counsels
application to the Colorado State Court for Service Awards to the Plaintiffs.

This Notice describes what
steps you may take in relation to the Settlement. This Notice is not an expression of any opinion by the Colorado State Court about the
truth or merits of Plaintiffs claims or Defendants defenses. This Notice is solely to advise you of the proposed Settlement
of the Actions and of your rights in connection with the proposed Settlement.

1 All capitalized
terms used in this notice, unless otherwise defined herein, are defined as set forth in the Stipulation.

38

Summary

On January 8, 2025, Ampio,
in its capacity as a nominal defendant, entered into the Stipulation to resolve the Actions and the Demands, which Stipulation was filed
in the Colorado State Court. The Actions and Demands were prosecuted derivatively on behalf of Ampio against certain current and former
directors and officers of the Company and against the Company as a nominal defendant. The Stipulation and the settlement contemplated
therein (the Settlement), subject to the approval of the Colorado State Court, are intended by the Parties to fully, finally,
and forever compromise, resolve, discharge, and settle the Released Claims and to result in the complete dismissal of the Actions with
prejudice, and resolution of the Demands, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Stipulation. The proposed Settlement
requires the Company to adopt and maintain certain reforms and procedures, as outlined in Exhibit A to the Stipulation (the Reforms).

In recognition of the substantial
benefits conferred upon Ampio as a direct result of the Reforms achieved through the prosecution and Settlement of the Actions and the
Demands, and subject to Colorado State Court approval, the Parties agreed that Ampios D&O insurer shall pay to Plaintiffs
Counsel attorneys fees and expenses in the amount of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000.00) (the Fee and Expense Amount),
subject to Colorado State Court approval. Plaintiffs Counsel shall also apply to the Colorado State Court for service awards to
be paid to each of the five Plaintiffs in an amount of up to two thousand dollars ($2,000.00) each (the Service Awards),
to be paid out of the Fee and Expense Amount.

This notice is a summary
only and does not describe all of the details of the Stipulation. For full details of the matters discussed in this summary, please see
the full Stipulation and its exhibits posted on the Companys website, www. ampiopharma.com, contact Plaintiffs Counsel
as set forth below, or inspect the full Stipulation filed with the Colorado State Court.

What are the Lawsuits About?

The Actions and Demands are
brought derivatively on behalf of nominal defendant Ampio and allege that, inter alia, between December 29, 2020 and August 3,
2022, at least, the Individual Defendants breached their fiduciary duties by: (1) issuing and/or causing the Company to issue false and
misleading statements and omissions to the public regarding Ampios clinical trials for its lead pharmaceutical candidate, Ampion,
as well as the Companys ability to successfully bring Ampion to market; (2) failing to maintain adequate internal controls;
(3) causing the Company to repurchase its own stock at prices that were artificially inflated due to Defendants misrepresentations;
and (4) engaging in improper insider selling of Company stock. The Actions and Demands allege that, as a result of the foregoing, the
Company experienced reputational and financial harm.

Why is there a Settlement of the State Derivative Action?

The Colorado State Court
has not decided in favor of Defendants or Plaintiffs. Instead, the parties to this action have agreed to the Settlement to avoid the
distraction, costs, and risks of further litigation, and because the Company has determined that the Reforms that the Company has adopted
and will adopt, implement, and maintain as part of the Settlement provide substantial benefits to Ampio and its stockholders.

Defendants have denied and
continue to deny each and all of the claims and contentions alleged by the Plaintiffs in the Actions and the Demands. Defendants have
expressly denied and continue to deny all charges of wrongdoing or liability against them arising out of any of the conduct, statements,
acts, or omissions alleged, or that could have been alleged, in the Actions and the Demands. Nonetheless, Defendants have concluded that
it is desirable for the Actions and the Demands to be fully and finally settled in the matter and upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Stipulation.

39

The Settlement Hearing, and Your Right to Object to the Settlement

On ________ __, 202__, the
Colorado State Court entered an order preliminarily approving the Stipulation and the Settlement contemplated therein (the Preliminary
Approval Order) and providing for notice of the Settlement to be provided to current Ampio stockholders (Current Ampio
Stockholders). The Preliminary Approval Order further provides that the Court will hold a hearing (the Settlement Hearing)
on ________ __, 2025 at __:__ _.m. at the Denver City & County Building, 1437 Bannock Street, Denver, CO 80202 to, among other things:
(i) determine whether the proposed Settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders;
(ii) consider any objections to the Settlement submitted in accordance with this Notice; (iii) determine whether a judgment should be
entered dismissing all claims in the State Derivative Action with prejudice, and releasing the Released Claims against the Released Persons;
(iv) determine whether the Colorado State Court should approve the agreed-to Fee and Expense Amount; (v) determine whether the Colorado
State Court should approve the Service Awards, which shall be funded from the Fee and Expense Amount to the extent approved by the Colorado
State Court; and (vi) consider any other matters that may properly be brought before the Colorado State Court in connection with the
Settlement. Upon final approval of the Settlement, the Derivative Plaintiffs will voluntarily dismiss their complaints with prejudice,
and the Demands will be withdrawn.

The Colorado State Court
may, in its discretion, change the date and/or time of the Settlement Hearing without further notice to you. The Court also has reserved
the right to hold the Settlement Hearing telephonically or by videoconference without further notice to you. If you intend to attend
the Settlement Hearing, please consult the Colorado State Courts calendar or the Companys website, www. ampiopharma.com,
for any change in the date or time of the Settlement Hearing.

Any Current Ampio Stockholder
who wishes to object to the fairness, reasonableness, or adequacy of the Settlement as set forth in the Stipulation, or to the Fee and
Expense Amount or Service Awards, may file with the Colorado State Court a written objection. An objector must, at least twenty-one (21)
calendar days prior to the Settlement Hearing: (1) file with the Colorado State Court and serve (either by hand delivery or by first
class mail) upon the below listed counsel a written objection to the Settlement setting forth (i) a written notice of objection with
the case name and number (LeaJames v. Martino et al, Case No: 2023-cv-30287); (ii) the Persons name, legal address, and
telephone number; (iii) notice of whether such Person intends to appear at the Settlement Hearing and the reasons such Person desires
to appear and be heard, and whether such Person is represented by counsel and if so, contact information for counsel; (iv) competent
evidence that such Person held shares of Ampio common stock as of the date of the Stipulation and continues to hold such stock as of
the date the objection is made, including the date(s) such shares were acquired; (v) a statement of objections to any matters before
the Colorado State Court, the grounds therefor, as well as all documents or writings such Person desires the Colorado State Court to consider; and (vi) the identities of
any witnesses such Person plans on calling at the Settlement Hearing, along with a summary description of their expected testimony. Any
objector who does not timely file and serve a notice of intention to appear in accordance with this paragraph shall be foreclosed from
raising any objection to the Settlement and from objecting at the Settlement Hearing, except for good cause shown.

40

IF
YOU MAKE A WRITTEN OBJECTION, IT MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE COURT NO LATER THAN ________ __, 2025. The Courts address
is:

Denver City & District
Building

1437 Bannock Street, Room
256

Denver, CO 80202

YOU ALSO MUST DELIVER
COPIES OF THE MATERIALS TO PLAINTIFFS COUNSEL AND DEFENDANTS COUNSEL SO THEY ARE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN

________ __, 2025. Counsels
addresses are:

Counsel for State Plaintiff:

GAINEY McKENNA & EGLESTON

Thomas J. McKenna

260 Madison Avenue, 22nd
Floor

New York, NY 10016 

Telephone: (212) 983-1300

Email: tjmckenna@gme-law.com

Counsel for Federal Plaintiffs:

THE BROWN LAW FIRM, P.C.

Timothy Brown

767 Third Avenue, Suite
2501

New York, NY 10017

Telephone: (516) 922-5427

Email: tbrown@thebrownlawfirm.net

Counsel for Defendants:

BALLARD SPAHR LLP

J. Chesley Burruss

1735 Market Street, 51st
Floor

Philadelphia, PA 19103

Telephone: (215) 864-8237

Email: burrussc@ballardspahr.com

An objector may file an objection
on his, her, or its own or through an attorney hired at his, her, or its own expense. If an objector hires an attorney to represent him,
her, or it for the purposes of making such objection, the attorney must serve (either by hand delivery or by first class mail) a notice
of appearance on the counsel listed above and file such notice with the Colorado State Court no later than twenty-one (21) calendar days
before the Settlement Hearing. Any Ampio stockholder who does not timely file and serve a written objection complying with the above
terms shall be deemed to have waived, and shall be foreclosed from raising, any objection to the Settlement, and any untimely objection
shall be barred.

41

Any objector who files and
serves a timely, written objection in accordance with the instructions above, may appear at the Settlement Hearing either in person or
through counsel retained at the objectors expense. Objectors need not attend the Settlement Hearing, however, in order to have
their objections considered by the Colorado State Court.

If you are a Current Ampio
Stockholder and do not take steps to appear in this action and object to the proposed Settlement, you will be bound by the Judgment of
the Colorado State Court and will forever be barred from raising an objection to the settlement in the Actions, and from pursuing any
of the Released Claims.

CURRENT AMPIO STOCKHOLDERS
AS OF JANUARY 8, 2025 WHO HAVE NO OBJECTION TO THE SETTLEMENT DO NOT NEED TO APPEAR AT THE SETTLEMENT HEARING OR TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION.

Interim Stay and Injunction

Pending the Colorado State Courts determination as
to final approval of the Settlement, Plaintiffs and Plaintiffs Counsel, and any Current Ampio Stockholders, derivatively on behalf
of Ampio, are barred and enjoined from commencing, prosecuting, instigating, or in any way participating in the commencement or prosecution
of any action asserting any Released Claims derivatively against any of the Released Persons in any court or tribunal.

Scope of the Notice

This Notice is a summary
description of the Actions, the Demands, the complaints, the terms of the Settlement, and the Settlement Hearing. For a more detailed
statement of the matters involved in the Actions and the Demands, reference is made to them in the Stipulation and its exhibits, copies
of which may be reviewed and downloaded at the Companys website, www.AmpioPharma.com.

* * *

You may obtain further information
by contacting Plaintiffs Counsel at: Thomas J. McKenna, Gainey McKenna & Egleston, 260 Madison Avenue, 22nd Floor, New York,
NY 10016, Telephone: (212) 983-1300, Email: tjmckenna@gme-law.com; Timothy Brown, The Brown Law Firm, P.C., 767 Third Avenue, Suite 2501,
New York, NY 10017, Telephone: (516) 922-5427, E-mail: tbrown@thebrownlawfirm.net.

Please Do Not Call the
Colorado State Court or Defendants with Questions About the Settlement.

42

DISTRICT
COURT, CITY & COUNTY OF 

DENVER,
STATE OF COLORADO 

1437
Bannock Street 

Denver,
Colorado 80202 

COURT
USE ONLY

Plaintiff:
JORDAN LEAJAMES (MCCANN), 

Derivatively
on Behalf of AMPIO Case
Number: 2023CV30287

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., 

Division:
280

v. 

Defendants:
MICHAEL A. MARTINO, J. KEVIN 

BUCHI,
DAVID STEVENS, ELIZABETH JOBES, 

HOLLI
CHEREVKA, DAVID BAR-OR, PHILIP H. 

COELHO,
and RICHARD B. GILES, 

EXHIBIT
D

and 

Nominal
Defendant: AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC., a Delaware 

Corporation 

[PROPOSED]
ORDER AND FINAL JUDGMENT

This matter came before the
Court for hearing on ____________, 2025, to consider approval of the proposed settlement (Settlement) set forth in the
Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated January 8, 2025 (the Stipulation). The Court has reviewed and considered
all documents, evidence, objections (if any), and arguments presented in support of or against the Settlement. Good cause appearing therefore,
the Court enters this Order and Final Judgment (the

Judgment).

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that:

1. This
Judgment incorporates by reference the definitions in the Stipulation, and all capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings
as set forth in the Stipulation.

2. This
Court has jurisdiction over the subject matter of the State Derivative Action, including all matters necessary to effectuate the Settlement,
and over all Parties.

3. The
Court finds that the notice of the Settlement was published and disseminated in accordance with this Courts Preliminary Approval
Order. This Court further finds that the forms and contents of the Notice, as previously preliminarily approved by the Court, fully satisfied
the requirements of Rule 23.1 of the Colorado Rules of Civil Procedure and the requirements of due process.

4. The
Court hereby approves the Settlement set forth in the Stipulation and finds that the Settlement is, in all respects, fair, reasonable,
and adequate to each of the Parties, and further finds that the Settlement is in the best interests of Ampio and its stockholders.

5. The
State Derivative Action and all claims contained therein, as well as all of the Released Claims against Released Persons, are dismissed
with prejudice. The Parties are to bear their own costs, except as otherwise provided below.

1

6. Upon
the Effective Date, the Plaintiff Releasees shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and
forever released, relinquished, and discharged each and all of the Defendant Releasees from the Released Claims. Plaintiff Releasees
shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, covenanted not to sue any Defendant Releasee or Released Persons
with respect to any Released Claims, and shall be permanently barred and enjoined from instituting, commencing, or prosecuting the Released
Claims against any Defendant Releasee or Released Persons except to enforce the releases and other terms and conditions contained in
the Settlement and/or the Judgment.

7. Upon
the Effective Date, the Defendant Releasees shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and
forever released, relinquished, and discharged each and all of Plaintiff Releasees from the Released Claims. The Defendant Releasees
shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, covenanted not to sue Defendants Released Persons
with respect to any of Defendants Released Claims, and shall be permanently barred and enjoined from instituting, commencing,
or prosecuting Defendants Released Claims against Defendants Released Persons except to enforce the releases and other
terms and conditions contained in the Stipulation and/or the Judgment. During the course of the litigation, all parties and their respective
counsel at all times complied with the requirements of Rule 11 of the Colorado Rules of Civil Procedure, and all other similar laws or
statutes.

8. The
Court hereby approves the sum of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000.00) for the payment of Plaintiffs Counsels attorneys
fees and expenses (the Fee and Expense Amount) and finds that the Fee and Expense Amount is fair and reasonable. No other
fees, costs, or expenses may be awarded to Plaintiffs Counsel in connection with the Settlement. The Fee and Expense Amount shall
be distributed in accordance with the terms of the Stipulation.

2

9. The
Court hereby approves the service awards of two thousand dollars ($2,000.00) for each of the five Plaintiffs to be paid from Plaintiffs
Counsels Fee and Expense Amount in recognition of Plaintiffs participation and effort in the prosecution of the Derivative
Matters.

10. 
Neither the Stipulation, nor any of its terms or provisions, nor entry of this Judgment, nor any act
performed or document executed pursuant to or in furtherance of the Stipulation or the Settlement, may be construed as, or may be used
as evidence of the validity of any of the claims released herein or an admission by or against the Individual Defendants of any fault,
wrongdoing, or concession of liability whatsoever.

11. Defendants
may file the Stipulation and/or the Judgment in any action that has or may be brought against them in order to support a defense or counterclaim
based on principles of res judicata, collateral estoppel, release, good faith settlement, judgment bar or reduction, or any other
theory of claim preclusion or issue preclusion or similar defense or counterclaim.

12. 
Without affecting the finality of this Judgment in any way, this Court hereby retains continuing jurisdiction
with respect to implementation and enforcement of the terms of the Stipulation.

13. 
Pursuant to Rule 23.1 of the Colorado Rules of Civil Procedure, this Court hereby finally approves
the Stipulation and Settlement in all respects and orders the Parties to perform its terms to the extent the Parties have not already
done so.

14. This
Judgment is a final judgment, and the Court finds that no just reason exists for delay in entering the Judgment in accordance with the
Stipulation. Accordingly, the Clerk is hereby directed to enter this Judgment forthwith in accordance with Rule 58 of the Colorado Rules
of Civil Procedure.

3

IT IS SO ORDERED.

DATED: 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254694d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

DISTRICT COURT, CITY & COUNTY OF 

DENVER, STATE OF COLORADO 

1437 Bannock Street 

Denver, Colorado 80202 

COURT USE ONLY

Plaintiff: JORDAN LEAJAMES (MCCANN), 

Derivatively on Behalf of AMPIO Case Number: 2023CV30287

PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 

Division: 280

v. 

Defendants: MICHAEL A. MARTINO, J. KEVIN 

BUCHI, DAVID STEVENS, ELIZABETH JOBES, 

HOLLI CHEREVKA, DAVID BAR-OR, PHILIP H. 

COELHO, and RICHARD B. GILES, 

EXHIBIT C

and 

Nominal Defendant: AMPIO 

PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware 

Corporation 

NOTICE OF PENDENCY AND PROPOSED SETTLEMENT OF STOCKHOLDER

DERIVATIVE ACTIONS

TO: ALL RECORD HOLDERS AND BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (AMPIO
OR THE COMPANY) COMMON STOCK AS OF JANUARY 8, 2025.

PLEASE
READ THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY. THIS NOTICE RELATES TO A PROPOSED SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE OF STOCKHOLDER
DERIVATIVE LITIGATION AND CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR RIGHTS.

IF
THE COURT APPROVES THE SETTLEMENT OF THE ACTIONS, CURRENT AMPIO STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE FOREVER BARRED FROM CONTESTING THE APPROVAL OF THE
PROPOSED SETTLEMENT AND DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE, AND FROM PURSUING RELEASED CLAIMS.

THIS
ACTION IS NOT A CLASS ACTION. THUS, THERE IS NO COMMON FUND UPON WHICH YOU CAN MAKE A CLAIM FOR A MONETARY PAYMENT.

PLEASE
TAKE NOTICE that this action is being settled on the terms set forth in a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated January 8, 2025
(the Stipulation). The purpose of this Notice is to inform you of:

the
existence of a consolidated derivative action pending in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado (the Federal
Court) captioned Maresca v. Martino et al,Case
No. 1:22-cv-02646-PAB-KAS (Consolidated with Civil Action No. 22-cv-02803-PAB-KLM) (the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action),

the
existence of a similar derivative action pending in the District Court, City & County of Denver, State of Colorado (the Colorado
State Court) captioned LeaJames v. Martino et al,Case
No: 2023-cv-30287 (the State Derivative Action, and, together with the Consolidated Federal Derivative Action, the Actions),

the
existence of two pending stockholder litigation demands served on the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) to
investigate and bring action against the Individual Defendants1 (the Demands),

the
proposed settlement between Plaintiffs and Defendants (together, Parties) reached in the Actions and the Demands (the Settlement),

the hearing to be held by the Colorado State Court to consider the fairness, reasonableness, and adequacy of the Settlement and
dismissal of the State Derivative Action with prejudice, 

Plaintiffs
Counsels application to the Colorado State Court for a Fee and Expense Amount, and 

Plaintiffs
Counsels application to the Colorado State Court for Service Awards to the Plaintiffs. 

This
Notice describes what steps you may take in relation to the Settlement. This Notice is not an expression of any opinion by the Colorado
State Court about the truth or merits of Plaintiffs claims or Defendants defenses. This Notice is solely to advise you
of the proposed Settlement of the Actions and of your rights in connection with the proposed Settlement.

1
All capitalized terms used in this notice, unless otherwise defined
herein, are defined as set forth in the Stipulation.

1

Summary

On
January 8, 2025, Ampio, in its capacity as a nominal defendant, entered into the Stipulation to resolve the Actions and the Demands,
which Stipulation was filed in the Colorado State Court. The Actions and Demands were prosecuted derivatively
on behalf of Ampio against certain current and former directors and officers of the Company and against the Company as a nominal defendant.
The Stipulation and the settlement contemplated therein (the Settlement), subject to the approval of the Colorado State
Court, are intended by the Parties to fully, finally, and forever compromise, resolve, discharge, and settle the Released Claims and
to result in the complete dismissal of the Actions with prejudice, and resolution of the Demands, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Stipulation. The proposed Settlement requires the Company to adopt and maintain certain reforms and procedures, as outlined
in Exhibit A to the Stipulation (the Reforms).

In
recognition of the substantial benefits conferred upon Ampio as a direct result of the Reforms achieved through the prosecution and Settlement
of the Actions and the Demands, and subject to Colorado State Court approval, the Parties agreed that Ampios D&O insurer shall
pay to Plaintiffs Counsel attorneys fees and expenses in the amount of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000.00) (the
Fee and Expense Amount), subject to Colorado State Court approval. Plaintiffs Counsel shall also apply to the Colorado
State Court for service awards to be paid to each of the five Plaintiffs in an amount of up to two thousand dollars ($2,000.00) each
(the Service Awards), to be paid out of the Fee and Expense Amount.

This
notice is a summary only and does not describe all of the details of the Stipulation. For full details of the matters discussed in this
summary, please see the full Stipulation and its exhibits posted on the Companys website, www. ampiopharma.com, contact Plaintiffs
Counsel as set forth below, or inspect the full Stipulation filed with the Colorado State Court.

What
are the Lawsuits About?

The
Actions and Demands are brought derivatively on behalf of nominal defendant Ampio and allege that, inter alia, between December 29, 2020
and August 3, 2022, at least, the Individual Defendants breached their fiduciary duties by: (1) issuing and/or causing the Company to
issue false and misleading statements and omissions to the public regarding Ampios clinical trials for its lead pharmaceutical
candidate, Ampion, as well as the Companys ability to successfully bring Ampion to market; (2) failing to maintain adequate internal
controls; (3) causing the Company to repurchase its own stock at prices that were artificially inflated due to Defendants misrepresentations;
and (4) engaging in improper insider selling of Company stock. The Actions and Demands allege that, as a result of the foregoing, the
Company experienced reputational and financial harm.

Why
is there a Settlement of the State Derivative Action?

The
Colorado State Court has not decided in favor of Defendants or Plaintiffs. Instead, the parties to this action have agreed to the Settlement
to avoid the distraction, costs, and risks of further litigation, and because the Company has determined that the Reforms that the Company
has adopted and will adopt, implement, and maintain as part of the Settlement provide substantial benefits to Ampio and its stockholders.

Defendants
have denied and continue to deny each and all of the claims and contentions alleged by the Plaintiffs in the Actions and the Demands.
Defendants have expressly denied and continue to deny all charges of wrongdoing or liability against them arising out of any of the conduct,
statements, acts, or omissions alleged, or that could have been alleged, in the Actions and the Demands. Nonetheless, Defendants have
concluded that it is desirable for the Actions and the Demands to be fully and finally settled in the matter and upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Stipulation.

2

The Settlement
Hearing, and Your Right to Object to the Settlement

On
January 21, 2025, the Colorado State Court entered an order preliminarily approving the Stipulation and the Settlement contemplated therein
(the Preliminary Approval Order) and providing for notice of the Settlement to be provided to current Ampio stockholders
(Current Ampio Stockholders). The Preliminary Approval Order further provides that the Court will hold a hearing (the Settlement
Hearing) on April 7, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. MDT at the Denver City & County Building, 1437 Bannock Street, Denver, CO 80202 to,
among other things: (i) determine whether the proposed Settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate and in the best interests of the Company
and its stockholders; (ii) consider any objections to the Settlement submitted in accordance with this Notice; (iii) determine whether
a judgment should be entered dismissing all claims in the State Derivative Action with prejudice, and releasing the Released Claims against
the Released Persons; (iv) determine whether the Colorado State Court should approve the agreed-to Fee and Expense Amount; (v) determine
whether the Colorado State Court should approve the Service Awards, which shall be funded from the Fee and Expense Amount to the extent
approved by the Colorado State Court; and (vi) consider any other matters that may properly be brought before the Colorado State Court
in connection with the Settlement. Upon final approval of the Settlement, the Derivative Plaintiffs will voluntarily dismiss their complaints
with prejudice, and the Demands will be withdrawn.

The
Colorado State Court may, in its discretion, change the date and/or time of the Settlement Hearing without further notice to you. The
Court also has reserved the right to hold the Settlement Hearing telephonically or by videoconference without further notice to you.
If you intend to attend the Settlement Hearing, please consult the Colorado State Courts calendar or the Companys website,
www. ampiopharma.com, for any change in the date or time of the Settlement Hearing.

Any
Current Ampio Stockholder who wishes to object to the fairness, reasonableness, or adequacy of the Settlement as set forth in the Stipulation,
or to the Fee and Expense Amount or Service Awards, may file with the Colorado State Court a written objection. An objector must, at
least twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the Settlement Hearing: (1) file with the Colorado State Court and serve (either by hand
delivery or by first class mail) upon the below listed counsel a written objection to the Settlement setting forth (i) a written notice
of objection with the case name and number (LeaJames v. Martino et al,
Case No: 2023-cv-30287); (ii) the Persons name, legal address, and telephone number; (iii) notice of whether such Person intends
to appear at the Settlement Hearing and the reasons such Person desires to appear and be heard, and whether such Person is represented
by counsel and if so, contact information for counsel; (iv) competent evidence that such Person held shares of Ampio common stock as
of the date of the Stipulation and continues to hold such stock as of the date the objection is made, including the date(s) such shares
were acquired; (v) a statement of objections to any matters before the Colorado State Court, the grounds therefor, as well as all documents
or writings such Person desires the Colorado State

3

Court
to consider; and (vi) the identities of any witnesses such Person plans on calling at the Settlement Hearing, along with a summary description
of their expected testimony. Any objector who does not timely file and serve a notice of intention to appear in accordance with this
paragraph shall be foreclosed from raising any objection to the Settlement and from objecting at the Settlement Hearing, except for good
cause shown.

IF
YOU MAKE A WRITTEN OBJECTION, IT MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE COURT NO LATER THAN MARCH 17, 2025. The Courts address is:

Denver
City & District Building

1437
Bannock Street, Room 256

Denver,
CO 80202

YOU ALSO
MUST DELIVER COPIES OF THE MATERIALS TO PLAINTIFFS COUNSEL AND DEFENDANTS COUNSEL SO THEY ARE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN MARCH
17, 2025.Counsels addresses are:

Counsel
for State Plaintiff:

GAINEY
McKENNA & EGLESTON

Thomas
J. McKenna

260
Madison Avenue, 22nd Floor

New
York, NY 10016

Telephone:
(212) 983-1300

Email: tjmckenna@gme-law.com

Counsel
for Federal Plaintiffs:

THE
BROWN LAW FIRM, P.C.

Timothy
Brown

767
Third Avenue, Suite 2501

New
York, NY 10017

Telephone:
(516) 922-5427

Email: tbrown@thebrownlawfirm.net

Counsel
for Defendants:

BALLARD
SPAHR LLP

J.
Chesley Burruss

1735
Market Street, 51st Floor

Philadelphia,
PA 19103

Telephone:
(215) 864-8237

Email: burrussc@ballardspahr.com

An
objector may file an objection on his, her, or its own or through an attorney hired at his, her, or its own expense. If an objector hires
an attorney to represent him, her, or it for the purposes of making such objection, the attorney must serve (either by hand delivery
or by first class mail) a notice of appearance on the counsel listed above and file such notice with the Colorado State Court no later
than twenty-one (21) calendar days before the Settlement Hearing. Any Ampio stockholder who does not timely file and serve a written
objection complying with the above terms shall be deemed to have waived, and shall be foreclosed from raising, any objection to
the Settlement, and any untimely objection shall be barred.

4

Any objector who
files and serves a timely, written objection in accordance with the instructions above, may appear at the Settlement Hearing either in
person or through counsel retained at the objectors expense. Objectors need not attend the Settlement Hearing, however, in order
to have their objections considered by the Colorado State Court.

If you are a Current
Ampio Stockholder and do not take steps to appear in this action and object to the proposed Settlement, you will be bound by the Judgment
of the Colorado State Court and will forever be barred from raising an objection to the settlement in the Actions, and from pursuing
any of the Released Claims.

CURRENT AMPIO STOCKHOLDERS
AS OF JANUARY 8, 2025 WHO HAVE NO OBJECTION TO THE SETTLEMENT DO NOT NEED TO APPEAR AT THE SETTLEMENT HEARING OR TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION.

Interim Stay and Injunction

Pending the Colorado State
Courts determination as to final approval of the Settlement, Plaintiffs and Plaintiffs Counsel, and any Current Ampio Stockholders,
derivatively on behalf of Ampio, are barred and enjoined from commencing, prosecuting, instigating, or in any way participating in the
commencement or prosecution of any action asserting any Released Claims derivatively against any of the Released Persons in any court
or tribunal.

Scope of the Notice

This Notice is a summary
description of the Actions, the Demands, the complaints, the terms of the Settlement, and the Settlement Hearing. For a more detailed
statement of the matters involved in the Actions and the Demands, reference is made to them in the Stipulation and its exhibits, copies
of which may be reviewed and downloaded at the Companys website, www.AmpioPharma.com.

* * *

You may obtain further
information by contacting Plaintiffs Counsel at: Thomas J. McKenna, Gainey McKenna & Egleston, 260 Madison Avenue, 22nd Floor,
New York, NY 10016, Telephone: (212) 983-1300, Email: tjmckenna@gme-law.com; Timothy Brown, The Brown Law Firm, P.C., 767 Third Avenue,
Suite 2501, New York, NY 10017, Telephone: (516) 922-5427, E-mail: tbrown@thebrownlawfirm.net.

Please Do Not Call the Colorado
State Court or Defendants with Questions About the Settlement.

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ampe-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ampe-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ampe-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35182

Entity Registrant Name AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001411906

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-0179592

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One C/o Michael A. Martino

Entity Address, Address Line Two PO Box 141

Entity Address, City or Town Brush Praire

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98606-9597

City Area Code 720

Local Phone Number 437-6500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ampiopharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ampe-20250121.xsd 
ampe-20250121_lab.xml 
ampe-20250121_pre.xml 
tm254694d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-007098-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm254694d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001411906 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001411906 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
001-35182 
26-0179592 
C/o Michael A. Martino 
PO Box 141 
Brush Praire 
WA 
98606-9597 
720 
437-6500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>