<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-015828.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-015828.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221060731
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-015828
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TIGO ENERGY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855447
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40710
		FILM NUMBER:		25648350

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		655 CAMPBELL TECHNOLOGY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			CAMPBELL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 402-0802

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		655 CAMPBELL TECHNOLOGY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			CAMPBELL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Roth CH Acquisition IV Co.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210406
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231759-8k_tigo.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185544700018554472025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 18, 2025

Tigo
Energy, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40710 83-3583873

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

655 Campbell Technology Parkway, Suite 150

Campbell, California 95008

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(408) 402-0802

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencements communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share TYGO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Executive Short
Term Incentive Plan

On February 18, 2025,
the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors (the Board) of Tigo Energy, Inc. (the
Company) approved an annual Executive Short Term Incentive Plan (the STI Plan) for the Companys key
executives, including its named executive officers.

Under the STI Plan, participants
will be eligible to earn a cash bonus in an amount based upon a targeted percentage of the participants base salary. A participants
cash bonus will be earned based upon the achievement of either or both of two specified Company performance objectives for the applicable
fiscal year: (i) revenue (37.5% weighting), and (ii) Adjusted EBITDA (defined operating income adjusted for depreciation, amortization,
non-cash stock-based compensation expenses and M&A transaction expenses) (37.5% weighting). The balance of the cash bonus will be
earned based on achievement of individual performance objectives established by the Committee for the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO)
and by the CEO for other participants (25% weighting), factoring in the level of achievement of the revenue target and Adjusted EBITDA
target.

For revenue and Adjusted
EBITDA, a participant will be eligible to earn 75% of target bonus if the Company achieves a pre-determined threshold, 100% for achieving
target and a maximum of 150% for achievement above that level. The achievement of individual performance objectives will be determined
on a scale of zero to 100%. The revenue and Adjusted EBITDA amounts must be at least 75% of their respective targeted amounts for any
cash bonus payouts to be made.

Bonus eligibility, the
extent to which financial targets have been achieved, each participants individual level of performance, and actual cash amounts
to be paid will be determined by the Committee after the completion of the applicable fiscal year. The aggregate amount of any bonuses
under the STI Plan may not exceed the amount of positive Adjusted EBITDA reported for such year, unless otherwise determined by the Committee
or the Board in their discretion.

The STI Plan is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference.

Executive Employment
Agreement Amendments 

On February 19, 2025,
the Company entered into amended and restated employment agreements with each of Zvi Alon, our Chief Executive Officer (the Alon
Employment Agreement), and Bill Roeschlein, our Chief Financial Officer (the Roeschlein Employment Agreement and,
together with the Alon Employment Agreement, the A&R Executive Employment Agreements), effective as of such date, in
order to, among other things, to (i) clarify that the target annual bonus for each officer shall equal a percentage of such officers
base salary as set forth in the applicable employment agreement, with the actual bonus amounts to be determined based on the achievement
of performance objective set by the Committee or the Board, (ii) provide that in the event of a termination without cause
or resignation for good reason in connection with a change in control (each such term as defined in the applicable
employment agreement) that each officer shall be eligible to receive (a) 24 and 18 months of continued payment of base salary, respectively,
for Mr. Alon and Mr. Roeschlein, (b) the annual bonus for the year prior to termination, if not paid, (c) an amount equal to the greater
of the percentage of such officers target annual base salary set forth in the A&R Executive Employment Agreement (which is
equal to 100% and 75% of the base salary of Mr. Alon and Mr. Roeschlein, respectively) and their actual annual bonus amount, as determined
based on the performance determined by the Board for the performance year during which such termination occurs, and (d) company-subsidized
healthcare continuation coverage for up to 24 and 18 months following termination, respectively, for Mr. Alon and Mr. Roeschlein, and
(iii) make certain other administrative changes.

1

The A&R Executive Employment Agreements provide
for base salary, eligibility to receive an annual bonus, as well as customary confidentiality, assignment of intellectual property provisions,
and certain restrictive covenants, including post-employment non-solicitation provisions.

Under their A&R Executive Employment Agreements,
upon a termination of Mr. Alons or Mr. Roeschleins employment without cause, or due to their resignation for
good reason (each such term as defined in the applicable employment agreement) outside of the context of a change
in control, subject to the executives timely execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims, Mr. Alon and Mr.
Roeschlein will be eligible to receive (i) 18 and 12 months of continued payment of base salary, respectively, for Mr. Alon and Mr. Roeschlein,
(ii) the annual bonus for the year prior to termination, if not paid, (iii) an amount equal to the officers pro-rated target annual
bonus based on the number of days employed during the performance year prior to termination; and (iv) company-subsidized healthcare continuation
coverage for up to 18 and 12 months following termination, respectively, for Mr. Alon and Mr. Roeschlein.

The foregoing description
of the material terms of the Alon Employment Agreement and the Roeschlein Employment Agreement is not complete and is qualified in their
entirety by reference to the full text of such employment agreement, copies of which is filed are filed as Exhibit 10.2 and Exhibit 10.3,
respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1+ Executive Short Term Incentive Plan.

10.2+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2025, by and between Zvi Alon and Tigo Energy, Inc. 

10.3+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2025, by and between Bill Roeschlein and Tigo Energy, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 21, 2025

TIGO ENERGY, INC.

By: /s/ Bill Roeschlein

Name: Bill Roeschlein

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023175901ex10-1_tigo.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE SHORT TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTIVE SHORT
TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

Executive Short Term Incentive Plan

Under the Executive Short Term Incentive Plan (the
Executive Short Term Incentive Plan), the Companys key executives, including the named executive officers, can earn
annual incentive cash compensation, based upon the Companys achievement of specified results with respect to corporate revenue
and Adjusted EBITDA targets for the fiscal year and the achievement of individual performance objectives. Adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal
year is defined as operating income adjusted for depreciation, amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation expenses and M&A transaction
expenses.

The targets and weightings relevant to the cash
incentive determination for the fiscal year under the Executive Short Term Incentive Plan are as follows:

Financial Targets Weighting 

Company Revenue 37.5 %

Company Adjusted EBITDA Before Incentive Compensation 37.5 %

Individual Performance Objectives 25 %

The Companys Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA
Before Incentive Compensation must be at least 75% of the target level under the Companys Operating Budget for any incentive cash
compensation payout to be made under the Executive Short Term Incentive Plan.

The financial targets include a minimum threshold
75%, target threshold of 100% and maximum threshold of 150% with results in between thresholds determined by linear interpolation. The
Compensation Committee may adjust the calculation of the Company Revenue target and the Company Adjusted EBITDA Before Incentive Compensation
target to account for unforeseen, unanticipated, unusual and/or non-ordinary course events and issues.

If the threshold objectives are met, participants
will receive a cash incentive payment under the Executive Short Term Incentive Plan with the specific amount that such participant receives
equal to their predetermined participation levels, which is a percentage of base salary of each participant, multiplied by the Percentage
of the Bonus Target Earned, subject to adjustment to reflect achievement of individual performance goals as set forth below.

The Percentage of the Bonus Target Earned is calculated
as follows: (i) Percentage of Company Revenue Bonus Target Earned multiplied by 0.375, plus (ii) Percentage of Company Adjusted EBITDA
Before Incentive Compensation Bonus Target Earned multiplied by 0.375, plus (iii) Percentage of Company Revenue Bonus Target Earned multiplied
by the Individual Performance Objectives Earned Factor (between 0 and 0.125), plus (iv) Percentage of Company Adjusted EBITDA Before Incentive
Compensation Bonus Target Earned multiplied by the Individual Performance Objectives Factor (between 0 and 0.125).

The Percentage of Company Revenue Bonus Target
earned and Percentage of Company Adjusted EBITDA Before Incentive Compensation Bonus Target Earned will be determined as follows:

Revenue

(50% Weighting) Adjusted EBITDA

(50% Weighting) 

Performance
Level 

%
of Bonus

Target
Earned Performance
Level 

%
of Bonus

Target
Earned 

Threshold 75 % 75 % 75 % 75 %

Target 100 % 100 % 100 % 100 %

Maximum 150 % 150 % 150 % 150 %

For performance between the performance levels,
the percentage will be determined based upon interpolation between the performance levels.

The Committee will establish
individual performance objectives for the CEO and the CEO shall establish individual performance objectives for other participants in
the Executive Short Term Incentive Plan. The Committee will determine the percentage of actual achievement of those individual performance
goals (between 0 and 100%). The Individual Performance Objectives Factor will be determined by multiplying 0.125 by the percentage of
the individual performance goals achieved by the participant.

After completion of the fiscal year, the Committee,
in its discretion, will determine the extent to which the financial targets have been achieved, each participants individual performance
level of achievement as compared to their individual performance objectives and the actual cash amounts to be paid under the Executive
Short Term Incentive Plan to each participant in the plan. The aggregate amount of any bonuses under the Executive Short Term Incentive
Plan may not exceed the amount of positive Adjusted EBITDA reported, unless otherwise determined by the Committee or the Board in their
discretion.

The Committee reserves the right, in its sole and
absolute discretion, to change the eligibility for participation under the Executive Short Term Incentive Plan, to revise, eliminate or
otherwise modify the performance targets or the manner in which the performance targets are calculated, to modify any predetermined participation
level, to revise individual performance objectives or otherwise to increase, decrease or eliminate any incentive payouts to any participant
under the Executive Short Term Incentive Plan, regardless of the level of performance targets that have been achieved. Except to the extent
otherwise provided by separate agreement, participants must be employed by the Company at the date of the payment to receive a bonus under
the Short Term Incentive Plan.

Participants under the Executive Short Term Incentive
Plan must be employed on or before the end of the previous fiscal year in order to be eligible. Those hired during the fiscal year will
be eligible to receive a pro rata portion of their bonus for that fiscal year.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023175901ex10-2_tigo.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 19, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN ZVI ALON AND TIGO ENERGY, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

February 19, 2025

Zvi Alon

By E-mail

Re: Amended and Restated Employment Agreement

Dear Zvi:

This Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement (this Agreement), entered into on February 19, 2025 and effective as of February 19, 2025, is made by and
between Zyi Alon and Tigo Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). You and the Company are currently parties
to that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2023 (the Prior Agreement). You and the Company mutually
desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement and replace it in its entirety with this Agreement and, in connection therewith, to provide
for your continued services and employment by the Company on the terms and conditions herein provided.

In consideration of the mutual covenants
and agreements set forth in this Agreement and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, you and
the Company (each individually a party and collectively the parties), each intending to be legally
bound hereby, agree as follows:

1. Title; Function; Duties:
You will serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Company and its subsidiaries
and controlled affiliates are collectively referred to herein as the Company Group),
and you shall report to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board).
You shall have the duties and responsibilities commensurate with your position and any other
duties and responsibilities as may from time to time be reasonably assigned to you by the
Board.

You shall serve the Company Group
faithfully and to the best of your ability and shall devote your full time, energy, experience and talents to the business of the Company
Group; provided, that you may manage your personal investments or to engage in or serve such civic, community, charitable, educational,
or religious organizations as you may select, so long as such service does not create a conflict of interest with, or interfere with the
performance of, your duties hereunder or conflict with any of your other obligations to the Company Group.

2. Term of Employment:
Your term of employment with the Company hereunder commences on the Start Date and will continue
until terminated hereunder (the Employment Term), subject to the termination
provisions of Section 4.

3. Compensation; Expenses:

a. Base Salary. During
the Employment Term, you will receive a base salary at the rate of $500,000 per year (such amount, subject to adjustment by the Company
from time to time, the Base Salary), payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices. Your
position is classified as exempt and, therefore, you are not eligible to receive payment for overtime.

b. Annual Bonus. During
the Employment Term, you will be eligible to receive, on an annual basis, a performance- based bonus payment (pro-rated for any partial
calendar years of employment) as determined by the Board in its sole discretion (the Annual Bonus). The target Annual
Bonus shall equal 100% of the Base Salary based on your achievement of certain performance objectives as determined by the Board, or
the Compensation Committee of the Board, in their sole discretion. Payment of the Annual Bonus will be contingent on your continued employment
on the payment date of such Annual Bonus.

c. Business Expenses.
You will be reimbursed for reasonable business expenses actually incurred by you in connection with your employment in accordance with
the Companys expense reimbursement policies (including the requirement to provide appropriate documentation of such expenses),
as in effect from time to time.

d. Paid Time Off. You
will be eligible for paid time off days subject to and in accordance with the Companys paid time off policies as in effect from
time to time.

e. Benefits. You may
continue to participate in benefit plans offered by the Company, from time to time, including a group health insurance plan, subject
to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan documents (including any eligibility and vesting requirements).

4. Termination/Resignation
of Employment:

a. Your
employment hereunder may be terminated at any time (i) by you for any reason upon thirty (30) days written notice, (ii) by the
Company without Cause or as a result of your Disability, (iii) by you for Good Reason, (iv) by the Company for Cause or (v) without any
action by either party, immediately upon your death. With respect to the notice period pursuant to clause (i) of the immediately preceding
sentence, the Company may in its sole discretion (i) place you on a paid, non-working, garden leave during some or all of such notice
period (and, for the avoidance of doubt, relieve you of your title and duties during such period), and/or (ii) waive such notice, in whole
or in part, by accelerating your termination date and paying your Base Salary in lieu of the portion of the notice period waived by the
Company and without affecting the voluntary nature of your termination.

b. If your employment is terminated
for any reason, you shall receive (i) payment of any accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the last day of your employment, (ii) payment
for any accrued but unused paid time off days, (iii) any vested employee benefits covered by the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, to which you are entitled upon termination of your employment with the Company in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the applicable plans of the Company, as applicable, and (iv) reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred
by you on or prior to your last date of employment with the Company pursuant to Section 3 (collectively, the Accrued Obligations).
The Company shall have no further obligations to you pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the termination of your
employment, other than as expressly set forth in this Section 4 or as required by law. You acknowledge and agree that, except as specifically
described in this Section 4 or as otherwise required by law, all of your rights to any compensation, benefits, bonuses or severance from
the Company Group will cease upon termination of your employment and that you will have no further rights to any payments or benefits
pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the termination of your employment.

c. Subject to your execution
of a separation and general release agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release)
and the Release becoming fully irrevocable within sixty (60) days following the last date of your employment with the Company (the Release
Execution Period), if the Company terminates your employment hereunder without Cause or you resign for Good Reason, in each
case, within ninety (90) days following a Change in Control (as defined below), the Company shall provide you with the payments and benefits
below (together, the Change in Control Severance Benefits):

(i) An amount equal to 24 months of your then current Base
Salary;

(ii) Your Annual Bonus for any performance year prior to the year
during which your termination of employment occurs, to the extent not paid;

(iii) An amount equal to the greater of (x) your target Annual Bonus
(which is equal to 100% of your Base Salary), and (y) your Annual Bonus determined based on actual performance as determined by the Board,
for the performance year during which your termination occurs; and

2

(iv) Provided that you timely
elect continued coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985,
as amended (COBRA), the Company will pay your COBRA premiums necessary
to continue your coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) (COBRA
Premiums) through the period (the COBRA Premium Period) starting
on the effective date of your termination of employment and ending on the earliest to occur
of: (x) the end of the 24-month period immediately following the date of such termination;
(y) the date you and your eligible dependents, if applicable, become eligible for group health
insurance coverage through a new employer; or (z) the date you cease to be eligible for COBRA
continuation coverage for any reason, including due to changes in applicable law or the Company
ceasing to provide group health insurance coverage to any of its employees.

d.
Subject to your execution of the Release and the Release becoming fully irrevocable within the Release Execution Period, if the
Company terminates your employment hereunder without Cause or you resign for Good Reason, in each case, at any time other than the ninety
(90) day period following a Change in Control, the Company shall provide to you with the same benefits as described above in Section
4(c), except that (i) the number of months in Section 4(c)(i) shall be 18 months, (ii) the amount in Section 4(c)(iii) shall be equal
to pro-rated target Annual bonus based on the number of days you were employed during the performance year prior to such termination,
and (iii) the number of months in Section 4(c)(iv)(x) shall be 18 months (the Non-Change in Control Severance Benefits).

e.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COBRA Premiums without
a substantial risk of violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company
instead shall pay to you, on the first day of each calendar month, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the applicable COBRA premiums
for that month (including premiums for you and your eligible dependents who have elected and remain enrolled in such COBRA coverage),
subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the Special Cash Payment), for the remainder of the COBRA Premium
Period. You may, but are not obligated to, use such Special Cash Payments toward the cost of COBRA premiums. The payments in relation
to the Change in Control Severance Benefits or the Non-Change in Control Severance Benefits shall be made on the first administratively
practicable payroll date on or next following the date the Release becomes fully irrevocable (provided, however, that the amounts paid
pursuant to Section 4(c)(iii) of the Change in Control Severance Benefits shall be paid at the same time the Company normally pays annual
bonuses for similarly-situated employees of the Company, but in no event later than March 1 of the calendar year following the calendar
year in which the termination date occurs); provided, that to the extent the Company determines that such amount may be considered
to be nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
the regulations and pronouncements thereunder (Section 409A), the payment of such amount shall be made on the first
payroll date on or next following the 65th day following the date of such termination; provided, further, that if the Release
Execution Period begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year, payment shall not be made until the beginning of the second
taxable year.

f. For purposes of this Agreement,
Cause means: (i) your commission of fraud, embezzlement or material misappropriation of funds, property or business
opportunity of the Company Group; (ii) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere (or a similar plea) to, or your failure to contest
your prosecution for, or commission of any act which is, a felony (or its equivalent in any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or any misdemeanor
involving moral turpitude; (iii) your breach of fiduciary duty, conflict of interest or self-dealing, gross negligence, willful misconduct
or willful insubordination in the course of your employment, which results, in each case, in material harm to the business or reputation
of the Company; or (iv) your violation of policies or procedures of the Company Group which is detrimental to the business, reputation,
character or standing of the Company Group; provided, that to the extent such event may be remedied, the Company has notified
you of such event in writing and you have not remedied the alleged violation(s) within ten (10) business days following his receipt of
such notice.

3

g.
For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence, without your consent, of: (i) a material
reduction in your Base Salary (except if such reduction is a part of a reduction for all similarly-situated employees of the Company);
(ii) a material diminution in your authority, duties or responsibilities with the Company; (iii) a material breach of this Agreement
by the Company; or (iv) the Companys requirement that the location of your principal place of employment be relocated more than
fifty (50) miles from its current location, unless such new location is closer to your personal residence than the prior place of employment
or such relocation is otherwise subject to a reasonable hybrid work policy.. None of the events described in the immediately preceding
sentence shall constitute Good Reason unless and until (v) you determine that a Good Reason condition has occurred, (w) you first notify
the Company in writing describing the condition which constitutes Good Reason within thirty (30) days of its initial occurrence, (x)
the Company fails to cure such condition within thirty (30) days after the Companys receipt of such written notice, and you have
cooperated in good faith with the Companys efforts to cure such condition, (y) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason condition
continues to exist, and (z) you terminate your employment within thirty (30) days after the end of such thirty (30)-day cure period.
If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during such cure period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred.

h. For
purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events:

(i) any person as such term is used in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time, including the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder and successor provisions and rules and regulations thereto (the Exchange Act) (other than (A) the Company or
any of its affiliates, (B) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of
its affiliates, (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) an entity owned,
directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of common stock of
the Company, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock)) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, by way of merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization or otherwise,
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company;

(ii) the cessation of control (by virtue of their not constituting
a majority of directors) of the Board by the individuals who (x) were directors on May 23, 2023 or (y) become directors after May 23,
2023 and whose election or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
of the directors then in office who were directors on May 23, 2023 or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved;

(iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other company, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately
prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving
entity) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving
entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or

4

(iv) the consummation of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company
or the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Companys assets.

5. Confidential Information:
During the Employment Term and as a result of your employment, you will have access to or
become familiar with information of a confidential or proprietary nature that pertains to
the business operations of the Company Group and that is not publicly-available or known
to its and their respective competitors. Such information includes, but is not limited to,
(i) information relating to any member of the Company Groups business, operations,
customers, clients, suppliers and vendors, including, but not limited to, information received
from third parties under confidential conditions, business plans, compensation data, customer
lists, customer preferences, customer files, products and services offered or in development,
strategic direction, marketing strategies and plans, software, designs (such as database
design), executable code, new materials research, pending projects and proposals, proprietary
production processes, research and development strategies, source code, technological data,
technological prototypes, various business data of any member of the Company Group and clients,
procedures, formulas, processes, financial data and results of operations; and (ii) other
know-how, ideas, concepts, trade secrets, and methodologies and technical, business, or financial
information relating to the business of any member of the Company Group (collectively, Confidential
Information). You acknowledge that the Confidential Information is, among other
things, not readily available to the public, extremely valuable to the Company Groups
operations, and the Company Group has expended great effort and significant funds in developing,
and maintaining the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information. Without limiting any
other confidentiality obligations you may owe to the Company Group, you agree not to disclose
any Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, or use it in any way, either during
the Employment Term or any time thereafter, except (a) as required in the course of your
employment for the Company, (b) for information that is or becomes publicly-available other
than through your breach of any confidentiality obligations (unless such information became
public as a result of a violation of any other person or entitys confidentiality obligations)
or (c) as required by legal process (provided, that in the event of legal process, you must
provide prompt notice to the Company prior to responding to such legal process and cooperate
with the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates if either elects to contest such legal
process). You further agree not to copy or record or allow to be copied or recorded any such
Confidential Information, except as required in the course of your employment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, neither this Section 5 nor Section 9 of this Agreement prohibits you from
reporting possible unlawful conduct to governmental agencies or entities or, if applicable,
self-regulatory organizations, or otherwise cooperating or communicating with any such agencies,
entities or organizations that may be investigating possible unlawful conduct (including
providing documents or other information without notice to the Company Group). Nothing in
this Agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts
in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have
reason to believe is unlawful.

Notice under the Defend Trade
Secrets Act:

In addition, pursuant to the federal
Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you shall not be held civilly or criminally liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the
disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state or local governmental official, either directly or indirectly,
or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

6. Return of Property:
You agree to deliver promptly to the Company upon the termination of your employment for
any reason or at any time upon the Companys request all documents, materials and computer
media in any form (and all copies thereof) belonging to any member of the Company Group or
containing Confidential Information and all property of any member of the Company Group.

5

7. Non-Competition:
During the Employment Term, you shall not (and shall cause your controlled affiliates not
to) directly or indirectly (including through their respective controlled affiliates or otherwise,
including as a proprietor, principal, consultant, agent, partner, officer, manager, director,
equityholder, employee or other representative), either for you or for any other person or
entity, anywhere within the United States or any other jurisdiction or marketing area in
which the Company Group is doing business, (a) engage in for your own benefit or for the
benefit of any third party a Competing Business, (b) otherwise own, manage, operate, control,
advise, be employed by or provide services to (in either case, in a competitive capacity),
or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be connected in
any manner with (where such connection is competitive with the business of the Company),
any Competing Business or (c) acquire (through merger, stock purchase or purchase of all
or substantially all of the assets or otherwise) the ownership of, or any equity interest
in, any person or entity if the annual revenues of such person or entity from a Competing
Business (or Competing Businesses) are more than five percent (5%), individually or in the
aggregate, of such persons or entitys total consolidated annual sales (based
on the most recent full fiscal year revenues of such person or entity). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, ownership as a passive investment, of less than two percent (2%) of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of any corporation whose stock is listed on a national (or comparable
international) securities exchange or of limited partnership or similar interests in any
private equity, venture capital or hedge fund will not constitute a breach of this Section
7. For purposes of this Agreement, Business shall mean the business
engaged in by any member of the Company Group during your employment with the Company. For
purposes of this Agreement, Competing Business shall mean any person
or entity, business, or subdivision of a business engaged in business in competition with
the Business, or, to your actual knowledge, any such persons or entities who or which are
actively pursuing or otherwise planning to engage in competition with the Business.

8. Non-Solicitation:
During the Employment Term and for twelve (12) months following the termination of your employment
for any reason, you shall not (a) persuade or seek to persuade any business relation of the
Company Group to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business it has done or
may contemplate doing with the Company Group; (b) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit
or encourage any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of the Company
Group (or, if following the termination of your employment with the Company, then instead
is such an employee, agent, consultant or representative as of your last day of employment
or was during the prior twelve (12)- month period) to terminate his or her relationship with
the Company Group, or otherwise seek to adversely influence or alter such persons
relationship with the Company Group, or become employees, agents, representatives or consultants
of any other person; or (c) directly or indirectly, use confidential information to enter
into, or solicit or otherwise endeavor to enter into, any business relationship with any
person with whom the Company Group had a significant business relationship or with whom the
Company Group is actively pursuing, or during the prior twelve (12)-month period have actively
pursued, such a significant business relationship; provided, that the foregoing shall not
apply to (i) solicitation through the use of general solicitation or advertising not targeted
to such persons or (ii) solicitation through the use of search firms, so long as such firms
are not advised by you to solicit or otherwise target such persons.

9. Non-Disparagement:
During the Employment Term and thereafter, you agree not to, and to cause your controlled
affiliates not to, make or publish any derogatory or disparaging written, oral, or electronic
statements about (a) any member of the Company Group or any of its or their predecessors,
members, direct or indirect equityholders and the present and former employees, consultants,
officers, partners, directors or the attorneys or other representatives of the foregoing,
individually and in their official capacities, or (b) any products, services, practices or
operations of any member of the Company Group. Nothing in this Section 9 shall prohibit or
restrict you from (i) making or publishing any such statements you or your controlled affiliate,
as applicable, reasonably believe in good faith to be necessary in responding to or initiating
a bona fide legal claim involving you or your controlled affiliate, as applicable, and is
otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) answering truthfully if
compelled to do so in a deposition, lawsuit or similar dispute resolution proceeding.

6

10. Intellectual Property:

a. You agree to promptly disclose
to the Company any and all work product, inventions, works of authorship, designs, methods, processes, procedures, discoveries, analyses,
data collections, technology, patterns, techniques, and proposed slogans, logos, domain names and other indicia of origin that are created,
authored, invented, reduced to practice, discovered, learned or developed by you (either solely or jointly with others) during the Employment
Term (collectively, Company Work Product).

b. You acknowledge and agree
that the following shall be the exclusive, sole and absolute property of the Company and/or any other member of the Company Group, as
applicable: all rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights of inventorship, rights of authorship, or other intellectual
property rights (Intellectual Property Rights) embodied by, or subsisting in, any Company Work Product, including
(i) any and all rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or misappropriations of Company Intellectual Property (as defined
below) and any damages, payments or other proceeds arising out of such claims; and (ii) any and all rights to create derivative works,
developments, or improvements based on Company Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights that may be embodied by, or subsisting in,
such derivative works, developments or improvements; but excluding any inventions required to be excluded by Section 2870 of the California
Labor Code (Section 2870) as set forth below (collectively, the Company Intellectual Property).

c. All
work performed by you in creating, authoring, inventing, discovering, learning or developing Company Work Product shall be considered
works made for hire to the extent permitted under applicable copyright law. To the extent any copyrightable works included
in the Company Work Product does not constitute works made for hire, you hereby (i) assign and transfer any copyrights that
constitute Company Intellectual Property and (ii) waive any moral rights or other rights of authorship you may retain in Company Work
Product, in accordance with the assignment and other obligations set forth in this Section 10 below.

d. You
hereby (i) transfer and assign to the Company (and agree to transfer and assign), without any requirement of further consideration, all
right, title, and interest in, and to, Company Intellectual Property, and (ii) waive any so-called moral rights to the Company
Work Product, including, without limitation, the right to restrain or claim damages for any distortion, mutilation or other modification
of the Company Work Product.

e. You
agree, at the Companys expense, to execute any documents and take any actions requested by any member of the Company Group at any
time, at no additional cost to such parties (whether during the Employment Term or thereafter), in the confirmation, registration, protection
and enforcement of all rights in and to the Company Intellectual Property and other Company Work Product. You hereby irrevocably appoint
Company as your attorney-in-fact for the purpose of executing such documents on your behalf, which appointment is coupled with an interest.

f. You
recognize that this Agreement is not, and does not purport to be, an assignment of any invention, the assignment of which is prohibited
under Section 2870 or any like statute of any other state. Your inventions will only be excluded from Company Intellectual Property to
the extent, and solely to the extent, Section 2870 requires such exclusion. Section 2870 provides as follows:

California Labor Code Section 2870

(i) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that
an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention
that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employers equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade
secret information except for those inventions that either:

i. Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of
the invention to the employers business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer; or

7

ii. Result from any work performed by the employee for his employer.

(ii) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports
to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision
is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

11. Breach; Remedies;
Separate and Independent Covenants: You acknowledge that the restrictions contained in
Sections 5 through 10, in view of the competitive nature of the business in which the Company
Group is engaged, are reasonable and necessary in order to protect the legitimate interests
of the Company Group, and that any violation would result in irreparable injury to the Company
Group. You therefore acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach
by you of any of these Sections, the Company Group shall be entitled to obtain from any court
of competent jurisdiction preliminary and permanent injunctive relief (without proving actual
damages or posting a bond or other security), as well as damages and an equitable accounting
of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from such violation, which rights shall
be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company Group
may be entitled. You also acknowledge and agree that each of the restrictions to which you
are subject in this Agreement and each of the covenants made by you in this Agreement shall
be construed for all purposes to be separate and independent from any other covenant, whether
in this Agreement or otherwise, and the existence of any claim by you against any member
of the Company Group under this Agreement or otherwise, will not excuse your breach of any
of the restrictions or covenants contained in this Agreement.

12. Policies: You
will be subject to all policies and procedures as currently in effect for the Companys
employees and as may be established and/or amended from time to time, including but not limited
to, all terms and conditions in any employee handbook applicable to the Companys employees.

13. Indemnification; D&O
Insurance: During the Employment Term and thereafter, the Company will (a) indemnify
you and hold you and your heirs and representatives harmless, to the maximum extent permitted
by law, against any and all damages, costs, liabilities, losses and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys fees) as a result of any claim or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative), or any threatened claim or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative), against you that arises out of or relates to your service as an officer,
director or employee, as the case may be, of or with any member of the Company Group, or
your service in any such capacity or similar capacity with any entity at the request of the
Board or the Company (b) continue and maintain directors and officers liability insurance
covering you in an amount and scope to the fullest extent provided by such insurance policies
that is at least as favorable as the coverage provided by the Company to any senior executive
of the Company or under its governance documents as of the Closing Date (and without giving
effect to any amendments thereto that would diminish or limit such obligations).

14. Survival: The
obligations and rights set forth in Sections 5 through 21 of this Agreement shall survive
the expiration or termination of this Agreement and your employment hereunder for any reason
whatsoever.

15. Section 409A:
The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with
or be exempt from Section 409A, as amended, and this Agreement and any associated documents
shall be interpreted and construed in a manner that establishes an exemption from (or compliance
with) the requirements of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
in this Agreement, any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement that constitute
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall not commence
in connection with your termination of employment unless and until you have also incurred
a separation from service (as defined for purposes of Section 409A). The Company
makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person
pursuant to Section 409A, including if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to
constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but do not satisfy an exemption
from, or the conditions of, Section 409A.

8

16. Governing Law; Exclusive
Jurisdiction; Severability. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.
The Company and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree that the exclusive jurisdiction
for any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or your employment with the
Company shall be the state and federal courts located within the State of California (provided,
that an order or judgment of such court may be entered or enforced in any court having personal
jurisdiction over the party against whom the order or judgment is sought to be enforced).
Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any suit, action or
proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding
brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process in any suit, action or proceeding by
sending the same by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by recognized overnight
courier service, to the address of such party as follows (a) to the Company at 655 Campbell
Technology Parkway, Suite 150, Campbell, CA 95008 with attention to: General Counsel, (b)
to you at the address maintained by the Company in the regular course of its business for
payroll purposes, or, in either case, such other address as shall be furnished in writing
by either party to the other party; provided, that such notice or change in address
shall be effective only when received by the other party. If any provision of this Agreement
is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction not to be enforceable in the manner set
forth herein, the Company and you agree that such provision shall be modified to make it
enforceable to the maximum extent possible under applicable law. If any provision of this
Agreement is declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason in any jurisdiction
and cannot be modified to be enforceable, such provision shall immediately become null and
void leaving the remainder of this Agreement in full force and effect.

17. Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company (and
other members of the Company Group) and its (and their respective) successors and assigns
and you and your heirs, executors, administrators, and successors; provided, that
the services provided by you are of a personal nature and you cannot sell, convey, assign,
delegate, transfer or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of your rights, or
obligations under this Agreement (and any such purported action by you shall be null and
void); provided, further, that the Company may assign this Agreement to, and
all rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, the other members of the Company Group
or any person, firm or corporation resulting from the reorganization of the Company or any
other member of the Company Group or succeeding to the business or assets of the Company
or any other member of the Company Group by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise.

18. Entire Agreement;
No Reliance; No Modification: You acknowledge that you have not relied on any oral or
written promises or representations other than those explicitly stated in this Agreement,
that this Agreement (and the documents referenced herein) constitutes the entire understanding
of the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, and that this Agreement supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous oral or written promises, representations or understandings which
may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way, including the Prior Agreement.
This Agreement cannot be modified except in a writing (other than an email) signed by the
Company and approved by the Board.

19. Tax Withholdings:
All payments and benefits provided hereunder shall be subject to the withholding of all applicable
taxes and deductions required by any applicable law

20. Counterparts; Original:
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original,
but all of which will be deemed one and the same instrument. Any facsimile or pdf copy of
any partys executed counterpart of this Agreement will be deemed to be an executed
original thereof.

21. Strict Construction.
The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement.
In the event an ambiguity or question of intent arises, this Agreement shall be construed
as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall
arise, or rule of strict construction applied, favoring or disfavoring any party hereto by
virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule
of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this
Agreement against the party hereto that drafted this Agreement is of no application and is
hereby expressly waived by the parties hereto.

Your employment (and continued employment) is contingent
upon your maintaining authorization to be employed in the United States commensurate with the business needs of the Company.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

9

If the terms and conditions of this Agreement are acceptable
to you, please sign and date this Agreement below and return the signed original to me.

Sincerely,

Tigo Energy, Inc.

By: /s/ Bill Roeschlein

Name: Bill Roeschlein

Title: Chief Financial Officer

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

/s/ Zvi Alon

Zvi Alon

Date: February 19, 2025

Exhibit A

Form of Release Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023175901ex10-3_tigo.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 19, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN BILL ROESCHLEIN AND TIGO ENERGY, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

February 19, 2025

Bill Roeschlein

By E-mail

Re: Amended and Restated Employment Agreement

Dear Bill:

This Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement (this Agreement), entered into on February 19, 2025, and effective as of February 19, 2025, is made by
and between Bill Roeschlein and Tigo Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). You and the Company are
currently parties to that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2023 (the Prior Agreement). You and
the Company mutually desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement and replace it in its entirety with this Agreement and, in connection
therewith, to provide for your continued services and employment by the Company on the terms and conditions herein provided.

In consideration of the mutual covenants
and agreements set forth in this Agreement and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, you and
the Company (each individually a party and collectively the parties), each intending to be legally
bound hereby, agree as follows:

1. Title; Function; Duties:
You will serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company (the Company and its subsidiaries
and controlled affiliates are collectively referred to herein as the Company Group),
and you shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. You shall have the duties
and responsibilities commensurate with your position and any other duties and responsibilities
as may from time to time be reasonably assigned to you by the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company.

You shall serve the Company Group
faithfully and to the best of your ability and shall devote your full time, energy, experience and talents to the business of the Company
Group; provided, that you may manage your personal investments or to engage in or serve such civic, community, charitable, educational,
or religious organizations as you may select, so long as such service does not create a conflict of interest with, or interfere with the
performance of, your duties hereunder or conflict with any of your other obligations to the Company Group.

2. Term of Employment:
Your term of employment with the Company hereunder commences on the Start Date and will continue
until terminated hereunder (the Employment Term), subject to the termination
provisions of Section 4.

3. Compensation; Expenses:

a. Base Salary. During
the Employment Term, you will receive a base salary at the rate of $400,000 per year (such amount, subject to adjustment by the Company
from time to time, the Base Salary), payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices. Your
position is classified as exempt and, therefore, you are not eligible to receive payment for overtime.

b. Annual Bonus. During
the Employment Term, you will be eligible to receive, on an annual basis, a performance- based bonus payment (pro-rated for any partial
calendar years of employment) as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) in its sole discretion
(the Annual Bonus). The target Annual Bonus shall equal 75% of the Base Salary based on your achievement of certain
performance objectives as determined by the Board, or the Compensation Committee of the Board, in their sole discretion. Payment of the
Annual Bonus will be contingent on your continued employment on the payment date of such Annual Bonus.

c. Business Expenses.
You will be reimbursed for reasonable business expenses actually incurred by you in connection with your employment in accordance with
the Companys expense reimbursement policies (including the requirement to provide appropriate documentation of such expenses),
as in effect from time to time.

d. Paid Time Off. You
will be eligible for paid time off days subject to and in accordance with the Companys paid time off policies as in effect from
time to time.

e. Benefits. You may
continue to participate in benefit plans offered by the Company, from time to time, including a group health insurance plan, subject
to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan documents (including any eligibility and vesting requirements).

4. Termination/Resignation
of Employment:

a. Your
employment hereunder may be terminated at any time (i) by you for any reason upon thirty (30) days written notice, (ii) by the
Company without Cause or as a result of your Disability, (iii) by you for Good Reason, (iv) by the Company for Cause or (v) without any
action by either party, immediately upon your death. With respect to the notice period pursuant to clause (i) of the immediately preceding
sentence, the Company may in its sole discretion (i) place you on a paid, non-working, garden leave during some or all of such notice
period (and, for the avoidance of doubt, relieve you of your title and duties during such period), and/or (ii) waive such notice, in whole
or in part, by accelerating your termination date and paying your Base Salary in lieu of the portion of the notice period waived by the
Company and without affecting the voluntary nature of your termination.

b. If your employment is terminated
for any reason, you shall receive (i) payment of any accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the last day of your employment, (ii) payment
for any accrued but unused paid time off days, (iii) any vested employee benefits covered by the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, to which you are entitled upon termination of your employment with the Company in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the applicable plans of the Company, as applicable, and (iv) reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred
by you on or prior to your last date of employment with the Company pursuant to Section 3 (collectively, the Accrued Obligations).
The Company shall have no further obligations to you pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the termination of your
employment, other than as expressly set forth in this Section 4 or as required by law. You acknowledge and agree that, except as specifically
described in this Section 4 or as otherwise required by law, all of your rights to any compensation, benefits, bonuses or severance from
the Company Group will cease upon termination of your employment and that you will have no further rights to any payments or benefits
pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the termination of your employment.

c. Subject to your execution
of a separation and general release agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release)
and the Release becoming fully irrevocable within sixty (60) days following the last date of your employment with the Company (the Release
Execution Period), if the Company terminates your employment hereunder without Cause or you resign for Good Reason, in each
case, within ninety (90) days following a Change in Control (as defined below), the Company shall provide you with the payments and benefits
below (together, the Change in Control Severance Benefits):

(i) An amount equal to 18 months of your then current Base
Salary;

(ii) Your Annual Bonus for any performance year prior to the year
during which your termination of employment occurs, to the extent not paid;

2

(iii) An amount equal to the greater of (x) your target Annual Bonus
(which is equal to 75% of your Base Salary), and (y) your Annual Bonus determined based on actual performance as determined by the Board,
for the performance year during which your termination occurs; and

(iv) Provided that you timely
elect continued coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985,
as amended (COBRA), the Company will pay your COBRA premiums necessary
to continue your coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) (COBRA
Premiums) through the period (the COBRA Premium Period) starting
on the effective date of your termination of employment and ending on the earliest to occur
of: (x) the end of the 18-month period immediately following the date of such termination;
(y) the date you and your eligible dependents, if applicable, become eligible for group health
insurance coverage through a new employer; or (z) the date you cease to be eligible for COBRA
continuation coverage for any reason, including due to changes in applicable law or the Company
ceasing to provide group health insurance coverage to any of its employees.

d.
Subject to your execution of the Release and the Release becoming fully irrevocable within the Release Execution Period, if the
Company terminates your employment hereunder without Cause or you resign for Good Reason, in each case, at any time other than the ninety
(90) day period following a Change in Control, the Company shall provide to you with the same benefits as described above in Section
4(c), except that (i) the number of months in Section 4(c)(i) shall be 12 months, (ii) the amount in Section 4(c)(iii) shall be equal
to pro-rated target Annual bonus based on the number of days you were employed during the performance year prior to such termination,
and (iii) the number of months in Section 4(c)(iv)(x) shall be 12 months (the Non-Change in Control Severance Benefits).

e.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COBRA Premiums without
a substantial risk of violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company
instead shall pay to you, on the first day of each calendar month, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the applicable COBRA premiums
for that month (including premiums for you and your eligible dependents who have elected and remain enrolled in such COBRA coverage),
subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the Special Cash Payment), for the remainder of the COBRA Premium
Period. You may, but are not obligated to, use such Special Cash Payments toward the cost of COBRA premiums. The payments in relation
to the Change in Control Severance Benefits or the Non-Change in Control Severance Benefits shall be made on the first administratively
practicable payroll date on or next following the date the Release becomes fully irrevocable (provided, however, that the amounts paid
pursuant to Section 4(c)(iii) of the Change in Control Severance Benefits shall be paid at the same time the Company normally pays annual
bonuses for similarly-situated employees of the Company, but in no event later than March 1 of the calendar year following the calendar
year in which the termination date occurs); provided, that to the extent the Company determines that such amount may be considered
to be nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
the regulations and pronouncements thereunder (Section 409A), the payment of such amount shall be made on the first
payroll date on or next following the 65th day following the date of such termination; provided, further, that if the Release
Execution Period begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year, payment shall not be made until the beginning of the second
taxable year.

f. For purposes of this Agreement,
Cause means: (i) your commission of fraud, embezzlement or material misappropriation of funds, property or business
opportunity of the Company Group; (ii) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere (or a similar plea) to, or your failure to contest
your prosecution for, or commission of any act which is, a felony (or its equivalent in any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or any misdemeanor
involving moral turpitude; (iii) your breach of fiduciary duty, conflict of interest or self-dealing, gross negligence, willful misconduct
or willful insubordination in the course of your employment, which results, in each case, in material harm to the business or reputation
of the Company; or (iv) your violation of policies or procedures of the Company Group which is detrimental to the business, reputation,
character or standing of the Company Group; provided, that to the extent such event may be remedied, the Company has notified
you of such event in writing and you have not remedied the alleged violation(s) within ten (10) business days following his receipt of
such notice.

3

g.
For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence, without your consent, of: (i) a material
reduction in your Base Salary (except if such reduction is a part of a reduction for all similarly-situated employees of the Company);
(ii) a material diminution in your authority, duties or responsibilities with the Company; (iii) a material breach of this Agreement
by the Company; or (iv) the Companys requirement that the location of your principal place of employment be relocated more than
fifty (50) miles from its current location, unless such new location is closer to your personal residence than the prior place of employment
or such relocation is otherwise subject to a reasonable hybrid work policy.. None of the events described in the immediately preceding
sentence shall constitute Good Reason unless and until (v) you determine that a Good Reason condition has occurred, (w) you first notify
the Company in writing describing the condition which constitutes Good Reason within thirty (30) days of its initial occurrence, (x)
the Company fails to cure such condition within thirty (30) days after the Companys receipt of such written notice, and you have
cooperated in good faith with the Companys efforts to cure such condition, (y) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason condition
continues to exist, and (z) you terminate your employment within thirty (30) days after the end of such thirty (30)-day cure period.
If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during such cure period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred.

h. For
purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events:

(i) any person as such term is used in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time, including the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder and successor provisions and rules and regulations thereto (the Exchange Act) (other than (A) the Company or
any of its affiliates, (B) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of
its affiliates, (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) an entity owned,
directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of common stock of
the Company, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock)) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, by way of merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization or otherwise,
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company;

(ii) the cessation of control (by virtue of their not constituting
a majority of directors) of the Board by the individuals who (x) were directors on May 23, 2023 or (y) become directors after May 23,
2023 and whose election or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
of the directors then in office who were directors on May 23, 2023 or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved;

(iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other company, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately
prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving
entity) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving
entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or

4

(iv) the consummation of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company
or the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Companys assets.

5. Confidential Information:
During the Employment Term and as a result of your employment, you will have access to or
become familiar with information of a confidential or proprietary nature that pertains to
the business operations of the Company Group and that is not publicly-available or known
to its and their respective competitors. Such information includes, but is not limited to,
(i) information relating to any member of the Company Groups business, operations,
customers, clients, suppliers and vendors, including, but not limited to, information received
from third parties under confidential conditions, business plans, compensation data, customer
lists, customer preferences, customer files, products and services offered or in development,
strategic direction, marketing strategies and plans, software, designs (such as database
design), executable code, new materials research, pending projects and proposals, proprietary
production processes, research and development strategies, source code, technological data,
technological prototypes, various business data of any member of the Company Group and clients,
procedures, formulas, processes, financial data and results of operations; and (ii) other
know-how, ideas, concepts, trade secrets, and methodologies and technical, business, or financial
information relating to the business of any member of the Company Group (collectively, Confidential
Information). You acknowledge that the Confidential Information is, among other
things, not readily available to the public, extremely valuable to the Company Groups
operations, and the Company Group has expended great effort and significant funds in developing,
and maintaining the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information. Without limiting any
other confidentiality obligations you may owe to the Company Group, you agree not to disclose
any Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, or use it in any way, either during
the Employment Term or any time thereafter, except (a) as required in the course of your
employment for the Company, (b) for information that is or becomes publicly-available other
than through your breach of any confidentiality obligations (unless such information became
public as a result of a violation of any other person or entitys confidentiality obligations)
or (c) as required by legal process (provided, that in the event of legal process, you must
provide prompt notice to the Company prior to responding to such legal process and cooperate
with the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates if either elects to contest such legal
process). You further agree not to copy or record or allow to be copied or recorded any such
Confidential Information, except as required in the course of your employment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, neither this Section 5 nor Section 9 of this Agreement prohibits you from
reporting possible unlawful conduct to governmental agencies or entities or, if applicable,
self-regulatory organizations, or otherwise cooperating or communicating with any such agencies,
entities or organizations that may be investigating possible unlawful conduct (including
providing documents or other information without notice to the Company Group). Nothing in
this Agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts
in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have
reason to believe is unlawful.

Notice under the Defend Trade
Secrets Act:

In addition, pursuant to the federal
Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you shall not be held civilly or criminally liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the
disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state or local governmental official, either directly or indirectly,
or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

6. Return of Property:
You agree to deliver promptly to the Company upon the termination of your employment for
any reason or at any time upon the Companys request all documents, materials and computer
media in any form (and all copies thereof) belonging to any member of the Company Group or
containing Confidential Information and all property of any member of the Company Group.

5

7. Non-Competition:
During the Employment Term, you shall not (and shall cause your controlled affiliates not
to) directly or indirectly (including through their respective controlled affiliates or otherwise,
including as a proprietor, principal, consultant, agent, partner, officer, manager, director,
equityholder, employee or other representative), either for you or for any other person or
entity, anywhere within the United States or any other jurisdiction or marketing area in
which the Company Group is doing business, (a) engage in for your own benefit or for the
benefit of any third party a Competing Business, (b) otherwise own, manage, operate, control,
advise, be employed by or provide services to (in either case, in a competitive capacity),
or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be connected in
any manner with (where such connection is competitive with the business of the Company),
any Competing Business or (c) acquire (through merger, stock purchase or purchase of all
or substantially all of the assets or otherwise) the ownership of, or any equity interest
in, any person or entity if the annual revenues of such person or entity from a Competing
Business (or Competing Businesses) are more than five percent (5%), individually or in the
aggregate, of such persons or entitys total consolidated annual sales (based
on the most recent full fiscal year revenues of such person or entity). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, ownership as a passive investment, of less than two percent (2%) of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of any corporation whose stock is listed on a national (or comparable
international) securities exchange or of limited partnership or similar interests in any
private equity, venture capital or hedge fund will not constitute a breach of this Section
7. For purposes of this Agreement, Business shall mean the business
engaged in by any member of the Company Group during your employment with the Company. For
purposes of this Agreement, Competing Business shall mean any person
or entity, business, or subdivision of a business engaged in business in competition with
the Business, or, to your actual knowledge, any such persons or entities who or which are
actively pursuing or otherwise planning to engage in competition with the Business.

8. Non-Solicitation:
During the Employment Term and for twelve (12) months following the termination of your employment
for any reason, you shall not (a) persuade or seek to persuade any business relation of the
Company Group to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business it has done or
may contemplate doing with the Company Group; (b) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit
or encourage any of the employees, agents, consultants or representatives of the Company
Group (or, if following the termination of your employment with the Company, then instead
is such an employee, agent, consultant or representative as of your last day of employment
or was during the prior twelve (12)- month period) to terminate his or her relationship with
the Company Group, or otherwise seek to adversely influence or alter such persons
relationship with the Company Group, or become employees, agents, representatives or consultants
of any other person; or (c) directly or indirectly, use confidential information to enter
into, or solicit or otherwise endeavor to enter into, any business relationship with any
person with whom the Company Group had a significant business relationship or with whom the
Company Group is actively pursuing, or during the prior twelve (12)-month period have actively
pursued, such a significant business relationship; provided, that the foregoing shall not
apply to (i) solicitation through the use of general solicitation or advertising not targeted
to such persons or (ii) solicitation through the use of search firms, so long as such firms
are not advised by you to solicit or otherwise target such persons.

9. Non-Disparagement:
During the Employment Term and thereafter, you agree not to, and to cause your controlled
affiliates not to, make or publish any derogatory or disparaging written, oral, or electronic
statements about (a) any member of the Company Group or any of its or their predecessors,
members, direct or indirect equityholders and the present and former employees, consultants,
officers, partners, directors or the attorneys or other representatives of the foregoing,
individually and in their official capacities, or (b) any products, services, practices or
operations of any member of the Company Group. Nothing in this Section 9 shall prohibit or
restrict you from (i) making or publishing any such statements you or your controlled affiliate,
as applicable, reasonably believe in good faith to be necessary in responding to or initiating
a bona fide legal claim involving you or your controlled affiliate, as applicable, and is
otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) answering truthfully if
compelled to do so in a deposition, lawsuit or similar dispute resolution proceeding.

6

10. Intellectual Property:

a. You agree to promptly disclose
to the Company any and all work product, inventions, works of authorship, designs, methods, processes, procedures, discoveries, analyses,
data collections, technology, patterns, techniques, and proposed slogans, logos, domain names and other indicia of origin that are created,
authored, invented, reduced to practice, discovered, learned or developed by you (either solely or jointly with others) during the Employment
Term (collectively, Company Work Product).

b. You acknowledge and agree
that the following shall be the exclusive, sole and absolute property of the Company and/or any other member of the Company Group, as
applicable: all rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights of inventorship, rights of authorship, or other intellectual
property rights (Intellectual Property Rights) embodied by, or subsisting in, any Company Work Product, including
(i) any and all rights to sue for past, present and future infringements or misappropriations of Company Intellectual Property (as defined
below) and any damages, payments or other proceeds arising out of such claims; and (ii) any and all rights to create derivative works,
developments, or improvements based on Company Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights that may be embodied by, or subsisting in,
such derivative works, developments or improvements; but excluding any inventions required to be excluded by Section 2870 of the California
Labor Code (Section 2870) as set forth below (collectively, the Company Intellectual Property).

c. All
work performed by you in creating, authoring, inventing, discovering, learning or developing Company Work Product shall be considered
works made for hire to the extent permitted under applicable copyright law. To the extent any copyrightable works included
in the Company Work Product does not constitute works made for hire, you hereby (i) assign and transfer any copyrights that
constitute Company Intellectual Property and (ii) waive any moral rights or other rights of authorship you may retain in Company Work
Product, in accordance with the assignment and other obligations set forth in this Section 10 below.

d. You
hereby (i) transfer and assign to the Company (and agree to transfer and assign), without any requirement of further consideration, all
right, title, and interest in, and to, Company Intellectual Property, and (ii) waive any so-called moral rights to the Company
Work Product, including, without limitation, the right to restrain or claim damages for any distortion, mutilation or other modification
of the Company Work Product.

e. You
agree, at the Companys expense, to execute any documents and take any actions requested by any member of the Company Group at any
time, at no additional cost to such parties (whether during the Employment Term or thereafter), in the confirmation, registration, protection
and enforcement of all rights in and to the Company Intellectual Property and other Company Work Product. You hereby irrevocably appoint
Company as your attorney-in-fact for the purpose of executing such documents on your behalf, which appointment is coupled with an interest.

f. You
recognize that this Agreement is not, and does not purport to be, an assignment of any invention, the assignment of which is prohibited
under Section 2870 or any like statute of any other state. Your inventions will only be excluded from Company Intellectual Property to
the extent, and solely to the extent, Section 2870 requires such exclusion. Section 2870 provides as follows:

California Labor Code Section 2870

(i) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that
an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention
that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employers equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade
secret information except for those inventions that either:

i. Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of
the invention to the employers business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer; or

7

ii. Result from any work performed by the employee for his employer.

(ii) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports
to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision
is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

11. Breach; Remedies;
Separate and Independent Covenants: You acknowledge that the restrictions contained in
Sections 5 through 10, in view of the competitive nature of the business in which the Company
Group is engaged, are reasonable and necessary in order to protect the legitimate interests
of the Company Group, and that any violation would result in irreparable injury to the Company
Group. You therefore acknowledge and agree that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach
by you of any of these Sections, the Company Group shall be entitled to obtain from any court
of competent jurisdiction preliminary and permanent injunctive relief (without proving actual
damages or posting a bond or other security), as well as damages and an equitable accounting
of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from such violation, which rights shall
be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company Group
may be entitled. You also acknowledge and agree that each of the restrictions to which you
are subject in this Agreement and each of the covenants made by you in this Agreement shall
be construed for all purposes to be separate and independent from any other covenant, whether
in this Agreement or otherwise, and the existence of any claim by you against any member
of the Company Group under this Agreement or otherwise, will not excuse your breach of any
of the restrictions or covenants contained in this Agreement.

12. Policies: You
will be subject to all policies and procedures as currently in effect for the Companys
employees and as may be established and/or amended from time to time, including but not limited
to, all terms and conditions in any employee handbook applicable to the Companys employees.

13. Indemnification; D&O
Insurance: During the Employment Term and thereafter, the Company will (a) indemnify
you and hold you and your heirs and representatives harmless, to the maximum extent permitted
by law, against any and all damages, costs, liabilities, losses and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys fees) as a result of any claim or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative), or any threatened claim or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative), against you that arises out of or relates to your service as an officer,
director or employee, as the case may be, of or with any member of the Company Group, or
your service in any such capacity or similar capacity with any entity at the request of the
Board or the Company (b) continue and maintain directors and officers liability insurance
covering you in an amount and scope to the fullest extent provided by such insurance policies
that is at least as favorable as the coverage provided by the Company to any senior executive
of the Company or under its governance documents as of the Closing Date (and without giving
effect to any amendments thereto that would diminish or limit such obligations).

14. Survival: The
obligations and rights set forth in Sections 5 through 21 of this Agreement shall survive
the expiration or termination of this Agreement and your employment hereunder for any reason
whatsoever.

15. Section 409A:
The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with
or be exempt from Section 409A, as amended, and this Agreement and any associated documents
shall be interpreted and construed in a manner that establishes an exemption from (or compliance
with) the requirements of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
in this Agreement, any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement that constitute
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall not commence
in connection with your termination of employment unless and until you have also incurred
a separation from service (as defined for purposes of Section 409A). The Company
makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person
pursuant to Section 409A, including if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to
constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but do not satisfy an exemption
from, or the conditions of, Section 409A.

8

16. Governing Law; Exclusive
Jurisdiction; Severability. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.
The Company and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agree that the exclusive jurisdiction
for any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or your employment with the
Company shall be the state and federal courts located within the State of California (provided,
that an order or judgment of such court may be entered or enforced in any court having personal
jurisdiction over the party against whom the order or judgment is sought to be enforced).
Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any suit, action or
proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding
brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process in any suit, action or proceeding by
sending the same by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by recognized overnight
courier service, to the address of such party as follows (a) to the Company at 655 Campbell
Technology Parkway, Suite 150, Campbell, CA 95008 with attention to: General Counsel, (b)
to you at the address maintained by the Company in the regular course of its business for
payroll purposes, or, in either case, such other address as shall be furnished in writing
by either party to the other party; provided, that such notice or change in address
shall be effective only when received by the other party. If any provision of this Agreement
is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction not to be enforceable in the manner set
forth herein, the Company and you agree that such provision shall be modified to make it
enforceable to the maximum extent possible under applicable law. If any provision of this
Agreement is declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason in any jurisdiction
and cannot be modified to be enforceable, such provision shall immediately become null and
void leaving the remainder of this Agreement in full force and effect.

17. Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Company (and
other members of the Company Group) and its (and their respective) successors and assigns
and you and your heirs, executors, administrators, and successors; provided, that
the services provided by you are of a personal nature and you cannot sell, convey, assign,
delegate, transfer or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of your rights, or
obligations under this Agreement (and any such purported action by you shall be null and
void); provided, further, that the Company may assign this Agreement to, and
all rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, the other members of the Company Group
or any person, firm or corporation resulting from the reorganization of the Company or any
other member of the Company Group or succeeding to the business or assets of the Company
or any other member of the Company Group by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise.

18. Entire Agreement;
No Reliance; No Modification: You acknowledge that you have not relied on any oral or
written promises or representations other than those explicitly stated in this Agreement,
that this Agreement (and the documents referenced herein) constitutes the entire understanding
of the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, and that this Agreement supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous oral or written promises, representations or understandings which
may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way, including the Prior Agreement.
This Agreement cannot be modified except in a writing (other than an email) signed by the
Company and approved by the Board.

19. Tax Withholdings:
All payments and benefits provided hereunder shall be subject to the withholding of all applicable
taxes and deductions required by any applicable law

20. Counterparts; Original:
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original,
but all of which will be deemed one and the same instrument. Any facsimile or pdf copy of
any partys executed counterpart of this Agreement will be deemed to be an executed
original thereof.

21. Strict Construction.
The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement.
In the event an ambiguity or question of intent arises, this Agreement shall be construed
as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall
arise, or rule of strict construction applied, favoring or disfavoring any party hereto by
virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule
of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this
Agreement against the party hereto that drafted this Agreement is of no application and is
hereby expressly waived by the parties hereto.

Your employment (and continued employment) is contingent
upon your maintaining authorization to be employed in the United States commensurate with the business needs of the Company.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

9

If the terms and conditions of this Agreement are acceptable
to you, please sign and date this Agreement below and return the signed original to me.

Sincerely,

Tigo Energy, Inc.

By: /s/ Zvi Alon

Name: Zvi Alon

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

/s/ Bill Roeschlein

Bill Roeschlein

Date: February 19, 2025

Exhibit A

Form of Release Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tygo-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tygo-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tygo-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40710

Entity Registrant Name Tigo
Energy, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001855447

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-3583873

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 655 Campbell Technology Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 150

Entity Address, City or Town Campbell

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95008

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 402-0802

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TYGO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tigoenergy.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0231759-8k_tigo.htm 
tygo-20250218.xsd 
tygo-20250218_lab.xml 
tygo-20250218_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-015828-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0231759-8k_tigo_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001855447 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001855447 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
Tigo Energy, Inc. 
DE 
001-40710 
83-3583873 
655 Campbell Technology Parkway 
Suite 150 
Campbell 
CA 
95008 
408 
402-0802 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
TYGO 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>