<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-022725.txt : 20250207
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-022725.hdr.sgml : 20250207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250207161015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-022725
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000720672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				431273600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09305
		FILM NUMBER:		25601804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ATTN: JAMES G. LASCHOBER
		STREET 2:		501 N. BROADWAY
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63102-2102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-342-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ATTN: JAMES G. LASCHOBER
		STREET 2:		501 N. BROADWAY
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63102-2102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d929747d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORPfalse000072067200007206722025-02-042025-02-040000720672us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-042025-02-040000720672us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember2025-02-042025-02-040000720672us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember2025-02-042025-02-040000720672us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember2025-02-042025-02-040000720672sfb:M5.20SeniorNotesDue2047Member2025-02-042025-02-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant To Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 4, 2025

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-09305 43-1273600

(State of

incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

501 N. Broadway, St. Louis, Missouri63102-2188

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

(314)342-2000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, $0.15 par value per share SF New York Stock Exchange

Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.25% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B SF-PB New York Stock Exchange

Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C SF-PC New York Stock Exchange

Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 4.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D SF-PD New York Stock Exchange

5.20% Senior Notes due 2047 SFB New York Stock Exchange

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On February 4, 2025, the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors approved the Stifel Financial Corp. Wealth Accumulation Plan 2025 Restatement (the Plan) that modifies certain provisions and completely restates previously filed Plan documents. 

The foregoing description of the Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

In addition, the Committee approved a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and a Deferred Award Agreement under the Stifel Financial Corp. 2001 Incentive Stock Plan (2018 Restatement), which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Stifel Financial Corp. Wealth Accumulation Plan (2025 Restatement) 

10.2 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance RSUs) 

10.3 Deferred Award Agreement 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.

(Registrant)

Date: February 7, 2025 By: 

/s/ James M. Marischen

Name: James M. Marischen

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d929747dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP. 

WEALTH ACCUMULATION PLAN 

2025 RESTATEMENT 

ARTICLE I INTRODUCTION 

1.1. Introduction. Effective February 4, 2019, the Plan was amended and completely restated. The Plan is amended and
completely restated again effective February 4, 2025 pursuant to the terms of this document. 

All amounts accrued under the Plan
shall be distributed under the terms of the Plan as in effect from time to time at the time the applicable event occurs; except as otherwise provided in an individual award agreement applicable to a particular amount deferred for a Participant and
as interpreted and modified to comply with Code Section 409A. Except as otherwise explicitly provided, all amounts accrued under the Plan for Plan Years after 2009, and all amounts accrued under the Plan that are specifically designated in
writing as subject to this Plan (such as recruitment awards), shall be governed by the terms of this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this 2025 Restatement shall apply only to awards issued on or after the date this instrument is approved by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

1.2. Funding. The Plan is unfunded. All benefits
shall be paid from the general assets of the Employer. Shares of common stock of Stifel Financial Corp. distributed in satisfaction of benefits awarded under this Plan are authorized by the Stifel Financial Corp. 2001 Incentive Stock Plan, as
amended and restated. 

1.3. Overview. This Plan is intended to provide a method for key employees of the Company to
acquire an equity interest in the Company to align the interests of employees who exercise substantial responsibilities on behalf of the Company and its Affiliates with the interests of the shareholders of the Company, to build wealth by sharing in
the success of the Company, to attract and retain in the employment of the Company persons of outstanding competence, to promote a long-term commitment to the Company and its Affiliates, and to provide such employees a substantial incentive to
remain with the Company and not to compete with the interests of the Company. 

Benefits under the Plan are in the form of stock units or
deferred cash. Each stock unit represents the obligation of the Company to transfer one share of Stock to the Participant at the time provided in Article VII, subject to the forfeiture provisions of this Plan and the discretion of the Committee to
settle stock units in the form of cash. Some of the awards are elective; others are mandatory, such as bonuses paid only in the form of stock units. Awards of stock units provide the Participant with a participation in the value of the equity of the
Company immediately from the time of the award. Payments with respect to stock units, and payments of deferred cash awards, are transferred systematically to employees while they are employed after a stated period of time, and generally are
forfeited if Cause exists at the time the payment is required, or upon termination of employment before the payment date. In some cases awards are maintained for former employees subject to an agreement not to compete. 

This Plan provides for four categories of awards: Elective Deferrals, Stifel Deferrals,
Matching Credits and Other Deferrals. Each award shall become vested and will be distributed at a definite time specified in writing pursuant to this Plan document. For purposes of this Plan, distributed means that an award is delivered to the
Participant. The Plan specifies definite vesting, matching and time of payment attributes for each of a variety of Types of amounts deferred under the Plan. The particular Type classification applicable to each Account shall be designated in writing
at the time and in the manner provided in this Plan. 

1.4. Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the
Committee described in Article VIII. 

ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 

2.1. Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following words and phrases, whether or not capitalized, shall have the
meanings specified below, unless the context plainly requires a different meaning: 

(a) Account means a
recordkeeping account maintained on the books of the Company used solely to determine each separate objectively determinable amount credited to a Participant or Former Participant under this Plan. Each Account may consist of two sub-accounts:

(1) the cash subaccount; and 

(2) the stock unit subaccount. 

(b) Active Working Statusmeans that the Participant has not (i) resigned; (ii) given notice of
his/her resignation; (iii) been terminated; (iv) been given notice of his or her termination; or (v) been suspended (either with or without pay). 

(c) Affiliated Company means any corporation that is a member of the controlled group of businesses, as defined in
Code Sections 414(b) and 414(c), or a member of an affiliated service group, as defined in Code Section 414(m), that includes the Company, provided that the language at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80
percent each place it appears in such test. A corporation or other business entity is an Affiliated Company only while a member of such group. 

(d) Beneficiary means the person or persons designated by the Participant to receive benefits which may be
distributed on or after the Participants death. In the event that there is no valid designation by the Participant, or in the event that the Beneficiary predeceases the Participant, the surviving spouse of the Participant shall be the
Beneficiary, and if there is no surviving spouse, the Beneficiary shall be the Beneficiary designated by the Participant under the 401(k) plan sponsored by the Company, and if there is no such Beneficiary designated, the Participants estate
shall be the Beneficiary. 

(e) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2 

(f) Cause means a Participant: (i) has engaged in criminal
conduct which could result in a statutory disqualification, could reasonably result in harm to the Company or any Affiliated Company or their reputation or which the CEO or the Committee determines involves dishonesty; (ii) willfully fails to
perform his or her duties to the Company or engages in gross misconduct in connection with his or her employment; (iii) violates any applicable federal or state securities law, rule or regulation, or the applicable rules or regulations of the
Federal Reserve Board or any Federal Reserve bank, or the rules of any exchange or self-regulatory organization to which the Company is subject or is subject to a suspension, bar or any other limitation on their activities by any regulatory or
self-regulatory organization; (iv) violates any of the Companys policies that could reasonably result in harm to the Company or any Affiliated Company or their reputation or employees; (v) violates any
non-competition,non-solicitation or other restrictive covenant agreement or obligation applicable to the Participant or any agreement or policy relating to the
Companys confidential or proprietary information; (vi) impairs, impugns, denigrates or negatively reflects upon the Companys name, reputation or interests; (vii) engages in any conduct determined by the CEO or the Committee to
be detrimental to the Company,; (viii) acts in excess of his or her authority as an agent, officer, director or employee of the Company; (ix) engages in actions deemed by the CEO or Committee which subject the Company to unnecessary risk to the
detriment of the interest of the Company, its shareholders or its customers; or (x) materially fails to perform or produce at the level expected for the position held by the Participant. For the avoidance of doubt, conduct detrimental to
the Company includes but is not limited to any action that results in a restatement of the financial statements of the Company. Whether or not Cause exists at the time the payment is required or at the time of termination of employment shall be
determined by the CEO or the Committee in their discretion and such determination may be made before or after any Termination of Employment. 

(g) Client means any client, former client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Participant or Former
Participant provided services, or for whom the Participant or Former Participant transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Participant or Former Participant in connection with the Participants or Former Participants
relationship with or employment by the Firm. 

(h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
all valid regulations thereunder. 

(i) Committee means the Committee referred to in Article VIII. 

(j) Competitive Activity means to: 

(a) form, or acquire a 5% or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Competitive
Enterprise; or 

(b) associate (including, but not limited to, association as an officer, employee, partner, director,
consultant, agent or advisor) with any Competitive Enterprise and in connection with such association engage in, or directly or indirectly manage or supervise personnel engaged in, any activity: (1) which is similar or substantially related to
any activity in which the Participant or Former Participant was engaged, in whole or in part, at the Firm, or (2) for which a Participant or Former Participant had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibility at the Firm, or
(3) which calls for the application 

3 

of the same or similar specialized knowledge or skills as those utilized by the Participant or Former Participant in the Participants or Former Participants activities at the Firm at
any time during the one-year period immediately prior to the Termination of Employment of the Participant or Former Participant, and, in any such case, irrespective of the purpose of the activity or whether
the activity is or was in furtherance of advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary business of either the Firm or the Competitive Enterprise. (By way of example only, an advisory investment banker joining a leveraged-buyout firm or a
research analyst becoming a proprietary trader or joining a hedge fund would constitute a Competitive Activity.) 

(k) Competitive Enterprise means a business enterprise that engages in, or owns or controls a significant interest in
any entity that engages in, financial services such as investment banking, public or private finance, financial advisory services, provision of investment advice, products or services, private investing (for anyone other than the Participant or
Former Participant and members of the Participants or Former Participants family), merchant banking, asset or hedge fund management, securities brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 

(l) Company means Stifel Financial Corp., or any successor thereto. 

(m) Covered Compensation means: for Participants compensated primarily on a commission basis, incentive compensation
attributable to Gross Commission Credits; and for other Participants, incentive compensation in addition to base salary payable pursuant to a bonus or incentive compensation arrangement. 

(n) Deferral and Investment Election Form means the written agreement entered into between the Participant and the
Employer in accordance with Section 4.3 hereof, pursuant to which the Participant elects (i) the amount, if any, of the Participants Elective Deferrals for such Plan Year, and (ii) the investment of amounts credited to the
Participants Account, if applicable. 

(o) Disability means the Participant is, by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months
under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Employer. 

(p) Elective Deferrals means the portion
of a Participants Covered Compensation that the Participant elects to have credited to his Account on a pre-tax basis pursuant to Section 4.3. 

(q) Eligible Employee means any person, including an officer of the Employer, who is employed by or who has agreed to
commence employment with the Employer on a full-time basis. 

4 

(r) Employer means the Company and/or any Affiliated Company that
adopts the Plan with the consent of the Company. An Affiliated Company that makes awards subject to the Plan with the consent of the Committee shall be deemed to have so adopted the Plan. 

(s) Firm means the Company and any Affiliated Company. 

(t) Former Participant means an Eligible Employee who no longer meets the requirements established by the Committee
in accordance with Section 3.1 and who has not received full payment of all benefits due to him or her under the Plan with respect to prior Plan Years. 

(u) Gross Commission Credits means the gross commission credits generated by a Participant. 

(v) Matching Credit means the amount that is credited to a Participants Account in accordance with
Section 4.5. 

(w) Other Deferral means an amount of the Participants compensation that is credited to
his Account in accordance with Section 4.6 hereof. 

(x) Participant means an Eligible Employee who has met
the participation requirements as set forth in Article III. 

(y) Performance-Based Compensation
means Covered Compensation that (1) is based on services performed over a period of at least twelve months and (ii) constitutes performance-based compensation as defined in Treasury Regulations issued under Code Section 409A. 

(y) Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other
entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

(z) Plan means the Stifel Financial Corp. Wealth Accumulation Plan, as set forth in this document and as amended from
time to time hereafter. 

(aa) Plan Year means the period commencing each January 1st and ending on each December 31st. 

(bb) Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated,
inviting, advising, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. 

(cc) Soliciting Activity means to: directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit a Client to transact business with a
Competitive Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and a Client, or (3) Solicit any individual
associated with the Firm as an employee or contractor or consultant to resign from or cease doing business with the Firm or to apply for or accept employment with, or agree to perform services for another entity. 

5 

(dd) Stock means the common stock of Stifel Financial Corp., par
value fifteen cents ($.15) per share. 

(ee) Stifel Deferral means an amount of the Participants
Covered Compensation that is credited to his Account in accordance with Section 4.4 hereof. 

(ff) Termination of
Employment means termination of employment from the Company and its Affiliated Companies (generally 50% common control with the Company), as defined in IRS regulations under Code Section 409A (generally, a decrease in the performance
of services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding thirty-six-month period, and disregarding leave of absences up to six months where there is a reasonable
expectation the employee will return). 

(gg) Type means the category of definite contribution, vesting and
payment event attributes applicable to an Account under the Plan. The Type associated with any credit to a Participants Account shall be set forth in writing in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, to the extent
applicable to such amounts. 

(hh) Valuation Fund means a fund or index identified in writing by the Committee
from time to time in accordance with Article VI that is used to determine the earnings (or loss) applicable to an Account. 

(ii) Year of Service means a period of continuous employment with the Employer of one year in duration. 

A definition introduced later in the Plan also applies for all Plan purposes unless the context plainly requires a different meaning. 

2.2. Gender and Number. Pronouns used in the Plan in the masculine gender include the feminine gender, words in the
singular include the plural, and words in the plural include the singular. 

2.3. Headings. All headings in the Plan
are included solely for ease of reference and do not bear on the interpretation of the text. As used in the Plan, the terms Article, Section and Appendix mean the text that accompanies the specified Article,
Section or Appendix of the Plan. 

ARTICLE III PARTICIPATION 

3.1. Eligibility and Participation. Each Eligible Employee shall be a Participant for a Plan Year if such Eligible
Employee is employed in a classification of Eligible Employees designated by the Committee as eligible to participate in this Plan for that Plan Year. The Committee shall establish the requirements for eligibility to participate in this Plan for
each Plan Year, as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine. The Committee may establish separate eligibility requirements for Elective Deferrals, Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other Deferrals, respectively. The Committee shall
notify such Eligible Employee of eligibility requirements in a timely and appropriate manner. 

6 

3.2. Duration of Participation. A Participant shall continue to be a
Participant in the Plan until such Participant ceases to meet the requirements for participation established by the Committee for the applicable Plan Year. A Former Participant shall remain such until he or she receives full payment of all benefits
due to him or her under the Plan. 

ARTICLE IV DEFERRAL CREDITS 

4.1. Participant Accounts. The Committee, or its delegate, shall maintain a separate Elective Deferral Account, a Stifel
Deferral Account, a Matching Credit Account and an Other Deferral Account for each Participant for each Plan Year, to which the Participants Elective Deferrals, Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other Deferral awards, if any, for such
Plan Year are credited, respectively. The Committee, or its delegate, shall maintain a separate Account for each such award for a particular Plan Year (a Class Year Account), as well as a separate Account for each award of another
type, such as an award made in a recruitment letter or an employment agreement. Each Account may include a cash subaccount and a stock unit subaccount. The balance of an Account as of any date is the aggregate balance of the cash subaccount and the
stock subaccount associated with that Account as of such date. The balance of a cash subaccount or stock unit subaccount as of any date is the balance of such subaccount determined as of the immediately preceding valuation date, plus amounts
thereafter properly credited to such subaccount. The balance of each cash subaccount shall be expressed in United States dollars. The balance of each stock unit subaccount shall be expressed in a number (whole or fractional) of shares of Stock. Such
Accounts shall be used solely to determine the eligible amount, if any, credited to each Participant under this Plan and shall not constitute a separate fund of assets. 

4.2 Type of Accounts. A distinct vesting and payment event Type shall be assigned to each deferral at the time and in the
manner prescribed in this Section. 

The Committee shall maintain a separate Account for each separate objectively determinable amount
credited to the Account of a Participant or Former Participant pursuant to this Plan with an associated distinct Type; so that a distinct Type shall be assigned to and associated with each separate objectively determinable amount credited to the
Account of a Participant or Former Participant pursuant to this Plan. For example, a separate Stifel Deferral Account would be maintained for a Participant for each distinct Type of Stifel Deferrals made on behalf of such Participant. The Type
applicable to each Account shall be documented in writing no later than the time prescribed below. 

The Type of each Elective Deferral
Account shall be set forth in writing in the Deferral and Investment Election Form in which the Participant elects deferral of compensation credited to the Account. The Type of each Stifel Deferral Account, Matching Credit Account and Other Deferral
Account shall be set forth in writing no later than the time the Participant first obtains an award of an amount that is or will be credited to the Account. The written document prescribing the Type of an Account shall be part of this Plan. 

7 

4.3. Elective Deferrals. On or before the time necessary to administer
deferral elections that are effective as of the first day of the next Plan Year, the Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine which Participants are eligible to make Elective Deferrals for that Plan Year. For Participants compensated
primarily on a commission basis, eligibility to make such Deferrals may be based on whether a Participant has achieved a threshold of Gross Commission Credits for the fiscal year ending on the November
30th immediately preceding the Plan Year for which the eligibility determination is being made. The threshold of Gross Commission Credits for purposes of this Section shall be established by the
Committee in its sole discretion. 

A Participant who is eligible to make Elective Deferrals may specify on the Deferral and Investment
Election Form an amount of his or her Covered Compensation to be deferred for the Plan Year under this Section. The Committee may establish limits on the amount of Elective Deferrals that may be made by eligible Participants for a Plan Year.
Elective Deferrals shall be credited to the Account of each Participant as of the last business day of each calendar year. Elective Deferrals shall be credited to the Account of a Participant for a calendar year only if he or she is a Participant on
the last day of such calendar year. 

The Deferral and Investment Election Form must be delivered to the Committee in writing before the
beginning of the Plan Year during which the services for which such Covered Compensation is paid are performed. The Deferral and Investment Election Form shall specify the Type classification applicable to such deferral. The Deferral and Investment
Election Form for each Plan Year shall be irrevocable for the Plan Year as of the beginning of such year and shall apply to all Covered Compensation for services rendered in such year. For this purpose, services performed in a payroll period
containing the last day of a Plan Year shall be treated as performed in the Plan Year in which the compensation for such services is paid, in accordance with Code Section 409A. 

An election made pursuant to this Section must be in writing on a Deferral and Investment Election Form acceptable to the Committee. The
Committee, in its discretion, may prescribe appropriate election rules and procedures; provided that elections for a Plan Year must be made not later than the last day of the preceding Plan Year, except as permitted by Code Section 409A. 

If a Participant fails to complete a Deferral and Investment Election Form on or before the first day of any Plan Year, the Participant shall
be deemed to have elected not to make Elective Deferrals for such Plan Year; and amounts credited to a Participants cash subaccount with respect to which a Participant does not provide investment direction shall be assigned to the default
Valuation Fund determined by the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.3,
with respect to Covered Compensation that is Performance-Based Compensation, the Committee may, in its discretion, permit a Deferral and Investment Election Form to be submitted as late as six months before the end of the performance period,
provided that the Participant performed services continuously from the date upon which the performance criteria are established through the date upon which the Participant makes the initial deferral election. In no event may an election to defer
Performance-Based Compensation be made after such Covered Compensation has become both substantially certain to be paid and readily ascertainable. 

8 

4.4. Stifel Deferrals. Stifel Deferrals are incentive
compensation awards specifically intended to build wealth by sharing in the success of the Company, to attract and retain in the employment of the Company persons of outstanding competence, to promote a long-term commitment to the Company and its
Affiliates, and to provide such employees a substantial incentive to remain with the Company and not to compete with the interests of the Company. Stifel Deferrals are subject to vesting and the terms and conditions of this Plan and any applicable
individual award agreement and may be forfeited under the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

The amount of Stifel Deferrals credited to
the Account of a Participant for the Plan Year shall be the applicable percentage of the Participants Gross Commission Credits (for Participants compensated primarily on a commission basis) or performance-based incentive compensation (for
Participants not compensated primarily on a commission basis) for such Plan Year established by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

For
Participants compensated primarily on a commission basis, the Account of a Participant who achieves the designated threshold of Gross Commission Credits for the Plan Year, based on Gross Commission Credits through the last business day of the Plan
Year, shall be credited with Stifel Deferrals as of a date in the first month of the following Plan Year, provided that such individual is an eligible Participant in Active Working Status on such date. The threshold of Gross Commission Credits for
each Plan Year under this Section shall be established in writing by the Committee in its sole discretion in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A. For Participants not compensated primarily on a commission basis, the Account of
a Participant shall be credited with Stifel Deferrals for a Plan Year only if he or she is an eligible Participant in Active Working Status on the day designated to be eligible to the related bonus. The Committee in its sole discretion may change
such Stifel Deferral award formula by an instrument in writing adopted before the promise of the award becomes legally binding, as defined in IRS regulations under Code Section 409A. 

4.5. Matching Credits. Participants who make Elective Deferrals pursuant to Section 4.3 also may receive an employer
Matching Credit. Matching Credits for Elective Deferrals shall equal a percentage of the Elective Deferrals credited to the Account of the Participant. Such percentage, if any, shall be established by the Committee in writing in its sole discretion
before the first day of the Plan Year for which the Elective Deferral is made. 

Each Participant whose Account is credited with Stifel
Deferrals pursuant to Section 4.4 also may receive a Matching Credit. Matching Credits for Stifel Deferrals shall equal a percentage of the Stifel Deferrals credited to the stock unit subaccount of the Participant. Such percentage, if any,
shall be established by the Committee in writing in its sole discretion. 

Matching Credits related to Elective Deferrals shall be credited
to the Account of each Participant as of the last business day of the calendar month. Such a Participant shall receive a Matching Credit only if he or she is a Participant on the last business day of such calendar month, or such other date as
prescribed in advance by the Committee in writing. 

9 

Matching Credits related to Stifel Deferrals shall be credited to the Account of each
Participant as of the last business day of the calendar year for which the related deferral is credited, or such other date as prescribed in advance by the Committee in writing. 

4.6. Other Deferrals. An Employer may award an Eligible Employee a right to deferred compensation from time to time; for
example, in a recruitment letter agreement. Any such award shall identify in writing the objectively determinable amount of the award and the Type of the Account to which such deferred compensation is credited. Such a written instrument shall be
adopted no later than the time the Participant first obtains a legally binding right to payment of an amount that is or will be credited to such an Account. 

Any amount of compensation deferred under an arrangement between an Eligible Employee and the Employer that does not specifically refer to
this Plan, and that is not a short-term deferral or otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A, shall be treated as subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan relating to time and form of payment, with a Type determined under the last
paragraph of Section 4.2. 

ARTICLE V VESTING AND FORFEITURE 

5.1. Vesting in Elective Deferrals. A Participant shall be 100% vested in his Elective Deferrals at all times. 

5.2. Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other Deferrals Regular Vesting Date. A Participant or Former
Participant shall be eligible to be vested in all, or a designated portion of, Stifel Deferrals, Matching Credits and Other Deferrals, and any earnings thereon, credited to such Participants or Former Participants Account in accordance
with documented vesting dates. 

The vested percentage of an Account Type with a designated ratable vesting schedule from time to time
shall be a percentage of the balance of the Account determined ratably over the period specified for such Type, based on the completed whole Years of Service beginning on the first day of the Plan Year for which an amount was credited to the Account
(or: (i) for periods before January 1, 2017, on the first day of the Plan Year immediately following the year for which an amount was allocated to the Account in the case of an award based on monthly gross commission credits or commission
payroll, or other date explicitly provided in an award agreement for an Other Deferral account or (ii) for periods on or after January 1, 2017, on the first day of the Plan Year during which an amount was credited to the Account in the
case of an award based on annual gross commission credits or commission payroll, or other date explicitly provided in an award agreement for an Other Deferral account). For example, the percentage of an Account Type with a vesting schedule
designated five year ratable shall be determined as follows: 

Years of Service 

Vested Percentage

1 20%

2 40%

3 60%

4 80%

5 100%

10 

Currently, the vesting schedule applicable to a Stifel Deferral related to Gross Commission Credits
accumulated by a Financial Advisor shall be a 7-year cliff vesting schedule, and the vesting schedule applicable to a Stifel Deferral related to Gross Income Credits accumulated by a Fixed Income Associate is
a 5-year ratable schedule. These vesting schedules are subject to change as determined by the Committee in a separate writing or in a subsequent award agreement. 

In addition, notwithstanding the above, the entire balance of an Account shall be vested on the occurrence of any of the following, if such
event occurs earlier than the date designated above: 

(a) the date of the Participants or Former Participants
Disability; or 

(b) the date the Participant or Former Participant dies. 

5.3. Forfeiture. 

(a) Except as provided in Section 5.4, a Participant shall forfeit nonvested amounts credited to the Participants Stifel
Deferral, Matching Credit and Other Deferral Accounts upon Termination of Employment before such Accounts vest in accordance with Section 5.2, subject to restoration of forfeitures upon re-employment as
provided in Section 5.5. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Participant or Former Participant incurs a
Termination of Employment for Cause, or if Cause exists at the time the payment is required, and such determination of Cause is made at any time before the Stifel Deferral, Matching Credit or Other Deferral Accounts of such Participant is actually
paid to such Participant or Former Participant, all amounts credited to the Participants Stifel Deferral, Matching Credit or Other Deferral Accounts at the time of such Termination of Employment, or at the time the payment is required, shall
be forfeited, regardless of whether such amount is vested as of such date. 

5.4. Extended Vesting. 

(a) Termination of Employment. If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment, the CEO or Committee may provide an exception
to Section 5.3(a), and grant the right to receive payment of the amount credited to an Account (other than a Matching Credit Account) that is not vested at such time subject to the Participants compliance with the conditions of this
Section. In the event the CEO or Committee grants such an exception, the Participants Account shall not be forfeited due to the Termination of Employment before the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates, but shall continue to vest on the
relevant scheduled vesting date or dates provided that the following conditions are met: 

i. 

The Participant has applied for such a forfeiture waiver in writing, certifying that the Participant is not
employed by or affiliated with a Competitive Enterprise or engaged in Competitive Activity or Soliciting Activity; and 

ii. 

The Participant has signed a Confidential Separation and Release Agreement in a form provided to him or her by
the Company; and 

11 

iii. 

At any time before the Stifel Deferral or Other Deferral Accounts of such Participant is paid to him, the
Participant: shall not have engaged in a Competitive or Soliciting Activity and shall not have incurred a Termination of Employment for Cause (as such terms are defined in Section 2.1). 

Even if the above conditions are satisfied, extended vesting is not automatic. The decision to extend vesting in accordance with the above
shall be made in the discretion of the CEO and/or the Committee. In the event that any of the above conditions are not met, all unvested amounts credited to the Participants Stifel Deferral or Other Deferral Accounts shall be forfeited in
accordance with Section 5.3(a).

The discretionary extended vesting provisions of this subsection do not apply to Matching Credit
Accounts. For the sake of clarity, one of the purposes of the discretion afforded the CEO and the Committee in this Section 5.4 is to allow the Company, acting through the CEO or the Committee, to provide an exception to the forfeiture
provisions when that result is in the best interests of the Company based on an evaluation of the particular facts and circumstances of a Participants Termination of Employment. 

5.5. Restoration of Forfeitures. If a Participant or Former Participant who forfeits an amount credited to an Account in
accordance with Section 5.3 on account of a Termination of Employment (other than a Termination of Employment for Cause) is rehired as an Eligible Employee within twelve months of such a Termination of Employment, the balance of an Account so
forfeited shall be eligible, based on the sole and exclusive discretion of the CEO or the Committee, to be restored to an Account of the Participant with the same Type designation as the forfeited Account, and shall be subject to vesting schedules
as if such Termination of Employment had not occurred. For purposes of determining the Years of Service for vesting of such a Participant, the time between such a Termination of Employment and the date of
re-employment of the Participant shall be treated as a period of continuous employment with the Employer. 

A Participant or Former Participant who forfeits an amount credited to an Account in accordance with Section 5.3 that is exempt from Code
Section 409A (e.g., an amount distributed within two and one-half months after the year in which the amount would have become vested) may request in writing a right to receive a payment in accordance with
subsection 5.4 of an agreed upon amount, subject to compliance with the noncompetition provisions of Section 5.4. Such a request shall be approved or disapproved by the CEO or the Committee, at his or its sole discretion, on a case by case
basis. 

5.6. Non-Competition/Solicitation and Extended Vesting Provisions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Type of Account is designated as a Non-Competition/Solicitation or NCS Type, then the following provision applies in lieu of
the Section 5.3 Provisions: 

If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment before the Account becomes 100% vested, the unvested
portion of such Account shall not be forfeited merely because of a Termination of Employment before the relevant scheduled vesting date 

12 

or dates, but shall continue to vest on the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates so long as the Participant does not engage in a Competitive Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined
herein, until such time; provided, however, that the unvested portion of such Account shall continue to vest on the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates regardless of whether Participant subsequently engages in a Competitive Activity or a
Soliciting Activity if the Termination of Employment was by the Company (or any of its Affiliated Companies) and not for Cause. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Type of Account is designated as a
Non-Competition/Solicitation No Exception or NCSNE Type, then the following provision applies in lieu of the Section 5.3 Provisions: 

If a Participant incurs a Termination of Employment before the Account becomes 100% vested, the unvested portion of such Account shall not be
forfeited merely because of a Termination of Employment before the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates, but shall continue to vest on the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates so long as the Participant does not engage in a Competitive
Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined herein, until such time. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a Type of
Account is designated as an Extended Vesting Provisions Type, the provisions of Section 5.3 shall be inapplicable to such Account and the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates shall change upon the occurrence of a voluntary
Termination of Employment (but not any other Termination of Employment) as follows: 

If a Participant incurs, or gives notice of, a
voluntary Termination of Employment, any scheduled vesting date or dates that otherwise would have occurred prior to the first anniversary of the date on which such voluntary Termination of Employment occurred shall be deferred until the first
anniversary of the date on which such voluntary Termination of Employment occurred. Any prohibition from engaging in a Competitive Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined herein, applicable to such Account shall continue to apply through such
deferred vesting date. Any remaining portion of such Account that remains unvested after such first anniversary shall continue to vest on the originally scheduled vesting date or dates so long as the Participant does not engage in a Competitive
Activity or a Soliciting Activity, as defined herein, until such time. 

ARTICLE VI PHANTOM INVESTMENT 

Each Participants Account shall consist of a cash subaccount and a stock unit subaccount. An amount equal to the total of the Elective
Deferrals and Matching Credits shall be credited to the Participants stock unit subaccount. The Committee shall determine which portion or amount of Stifel Deferrals shall be credited to a Participants cash subaccount and which portion
shall be credited to a Participants stock unit subaccount. The Committees determination with respect to allocation of Stifel Deferrals between the cash subaccount and the stock unit subaccount shall apply to future Plan Years unless
otherwise determined by the Committee. 

13 

(a) Stock Unit Subaccount. Amounts credited to the stock unit
subaccount shall be recorded as stock units. A Participants stock unit subaccount shall be credited with stock units reflecting Stock with a value equal to the total dollar amount of Elective Deferrals, Stifel Deferrals and Matching Credits
attributable to such subaccount. The Committee in its discretion shall establish a pricing date for determining the number and/or value of stock units allocated to the Account of a Participant. 

Each stock unit shall represent the obligation of the Company to transfer one share of Stock to the Participant or Former Participant at the
time provided in Article VII, subject to the forfeiture provisions and other terms and conditions of this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee in its sole discretion may elect at the time of distribution to settle each stock unit in
cash or in Stock or in a combination of both. 

If the Company pays a cash dividend on shares of Stock, the appropriate subaccount or
subaccounts of each Participant shall be credited with cash, or a number of stock units, or a combination of both, in accordance with procedures established by the Committee from time to time. 

In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares of Stock, merger, consolidation, spin-off, recapitalization or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of the Company, assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting shares of Stock or stock price, such proportionate
adjustments, if any, as the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion may deem appropriate to reflect such change, shall be made with respect to the stock unit subaccount of the Participant. 

(b) Cash Subaccount. Amounts credited to the cash subaccount shall deem to be invested in a Valuation Fund
determined in accordance with procedures established by the Committee from time to time. A Participant may make investment directions on such Participants Deferral and Investment Election Form if permitted by the Committee. Any amounts
credited to a Participants cash subaccount with respect to which a Participant does not provide investment direction shall be credited with earnings based on a default Valuation Fund determined by the Committee, in its sole and absolute
discretion. A Participants cash subaccount shall be adjusted periodically to reflect investment gains and losses on the deemed investment. 

ARTICLE VII DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS 

7.1. Designated Distribution Date. Subject to the provisions of this Article VII (including earlier distribution upon
death, disability or Termination of Employment), the credits to an Account of a Participant or Former Participant shall be eligible to become distributable immediately after the end of the Plan Year (unless another period is specified) in which such
amounts vest, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Plan, as of which such amounts were designated to be paid in accordance with their Type (the Designated Distribution Date) and shall be paid in accordance with Sections 7.7
through 7.9. Elective Deferrals, which are 100% vested at all times, shall be distributed in accordance with the timing and form designated in the Deferral and Election Form to which the Elective Deferrals relate. 

14 

7.2. Payment of Benefits Upon Death. If a Participant or Former
Participant whose employment with all Employers has not terminated dies before the complete distribution of one or more of his or her Accounts, the Participant or Former Participant shall become 100% vested in his Accounts; and the balance of such
Accounts shall become distributable to the Beneficiary of the Participant or Former Participant in accordance with Sections 7.7 through 7.9. Also, if a Participant or Former Participant whose employment with all Employers has terminated, but whose
Account(s) have not yet become vested or are not yet forfeited (because of the extended vesting provisions of the Plan) dies before his or her Accounts have become vested or are forfeited, the Participant or Former Participant shall become 100%
vested in his Accounts; and the balance of such Accounts shall become distributable to the Beneficiary of the Participant or Former Participant. 

7.3. Payment of Benefits Upon Disability. If a Participant or Former Participant incurs a Termination of Employment on
account of a Disability before the complete distribution of his Accounts, the Participant or the Former Participant shall become 100% vested in his or her Accounts; and the balance of such Accounts shall become distributable. 

7.4. Distribution of Benefits Upon Termination of Employment Other than as a Result of Death or Disability. If a
Participant or Former Participant incurs a Termination of Employment that is not a result of death or Disability, the vested portion of the balance of the Participants or Former Participants Accounts shall become distributable and shall
be distributed in accordance with Sections 7.7 through 7.9 (including the six month delay prescribed in Section 7.8). Any portion of such Accounts that is not vested as of the date of the Participants or Former Participants
Termination of Employment shall be forfeited, except as provided in Section 5.4. 

Previously forfeited amounts that are restored to
an Account in accordance with Section 5.5 (Participants rehired within twelve months), shall be distributable as if the Termination of Employment that caused such forfeiture had not occurred; provided that amounts that would have been payable
to the Participant as of a Designated Distribution Date that occurred after such Termination of Employment and before the date of re-employment shall be paid before the end of the Plan Year in which the
Participant is re-employed (i.e., within the same calendar year in which the amount would have been paid if the Termination of Employment had not occurred). 

7.5. Adjustment for Investment Gains and Losses Upon a Distribution. Upon a distribution pursuant to this Article VII, the
balance of a Participants or Former Participants Account shall be determined as of the month-end valuation date immediately preceding the date of the distribution and shall be adjusted for
investment gains and losses that have accrued to the date of distribution but which have not been credited. 

7.6. Right of
Offset. Upon a distribution pursuant to this Article VII, the Committee shall have the right to offset the balance of a Participants or Former Participants Account (as determined in accordance with Section 7.5) by any or all
amounts that such Participant or Former Participant owes the Employer. 

15 

7.74. Form of Payment of Distributable Benefit. The cash subaccount of a
Participants or Former Participants Account shall be distributed in a cash lump sum and the stock unit subaccount shall be distributed, in shares of Stock, with cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional shares rounded up to the
next whole share; provided, however, that in the sole discretion of the Committee, a Participants or Former Participants stock unit subaccount may be settled in cash. Shares of Stock shall be paid from the available shares of Stock in
any Employer employee incentive plan, other shareholder-approved stock plan maintained by the Company or an Affiliate, the treasury or open market purchases, as determined by the Committee. 

7.85. Six-Month Deferral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article
VII, a distribution on account of Termination of Employment may not be made until at least six months after such a Termination of Employment. Any distribution otherwise due in such six month period shall be suspended and become distributable at the
end of such six month period. 

7.9. Actual Date of Distribution. An amount distributable on a date specified in this
Article VII shall be distributed as soon as administratively feasible after such date; but no later than the later of (a) the end of the calendar year in which the specified date occurs; or (b) the fifteenth day of the third calendar month
following such specified date, provided the Participant (or Beneficiary) is not permitted to designate the taxable year of the payment; provided that, an amount that becomes distributable shall be paid no later than March 15 following the
calendar year in which the amount becomes vested. The payment date may be postponed further if calculation of the amount of the payment is not administratively practicable due to events beyond the control of the Participant (or Beneficiary), and the
payment is made in the first calendar year in which the calculation of the amount of the payment is administratively practicable. 

ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION 

8.1. Committee. The Plan shall be administered by a Committee. The Committee shall be responsible for the general
operation and administration of the Plan and for carrying out the provisions thereof. 

The Committee shall consist of one or more
employees of the Employer appointed by the CEO of the Company. The CEO may change such appointments from time to time provided that such changes are prescribed in writing to the extent of enabling interested parties to ascertain the person or
persons responsible for operating the Plan. In absence of such an appointment, the CEO shall serve as the Plan administrator. 

The
Committee may appoint one or more of its members to carry out any particular duty or duties or to execute any and all documents. Any documents so executed shall have the same effect as if executed by all such persons. Such appointment shall be made
by an instrument in writing that specifies which duties and powers are so allocated and to whom each such duty or power is so allocated. 

16 

The Committee or Plan administrator may delegate to any employees or agents who are not
members of the Committee such duties and powers, both ministerial and discretionary, as it deems appropriate. 

8.2. General
Powers of Administration. The Committee shall have all powers necessary or appropriate to enable it to carry out its administrative duties. Not in limitation, but in application of the foregoing, the Committee shall have the duty and power
to interpret the Plan and determine all questions that may arise hereunder as to the status and rights of Eligible Employees, Participants, Former Participants and Beneficiaries. The Committee may exercise the powers hereby granted in its sole and
absolute discretion. No member of the Committee shall be personally liable for any actions taken by the Committee unless the members action involves willful misconduct. 

8.3. Indemnification of Committee. The Company shall indemnify the members of the Committee against any and all claims,
losses, damages, expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by them, and any liability, including any amounts paid in settlement with their approval, arising from their action or failure to act, except when the same is judicially determined
to be attributable to their gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

8.4. Claims for Benefits. A Participant, Former
Participant or Beneficiary may claim any benefit to which he or she is entitled under this Plan by a written notice to the Committee. If a claim is denied, it must be denied within a reasonable period of time, and be contained in a written notice
stating the following: 

(a) The specific reason for the denial. 

(b) Specific reference to the Plan provision on which the denial is based. 

(c) Description of additional information necessary for the claimant to present his claim, if any, and an explanation of why such
material is necessary. 

(d) An explanation of the Plans claims review procedure. 

The claimant will have sixty days to request a review of the denial by the Committee, which will provide a full and fair review. The request
for review must be in writing delivered to the Committee. The claimant may review pertinent documents, and he may submit issues and comments in writing. The decision by the Committee with respect to the review must be given within sixty days after
receipt of the request, unless special circumstances require an extension (such as for a hearing). In no event shall the decision be delayed beyond 120 days after receipt of the request for review. The decision shall be written in a manner
calculated to be understood by the claimant, and it shall include specific reasons and refer to specific Plan provisions as to its effect. 

8.5. Written Requirements. The requirement that any action be in writing may be satisfied by electronic media reasonably
accessible to interested parties. 

17 

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

The Compensation Committee of the Board may, at any time or from time to time, modify or amend in whole or in part any or all provisions of
the Plan. In addition, the Compensation Committee of the Board reserves the right and may terminate the Plan in whole or in part, subject to the restrictions set forth in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-3(j)(4), but such termination shall not affect the Deferral and Investment Election Forms then in effect, except that no additional Earnings may be deferred by Participants to the Plan
after the date of termination of the Plan. 

A termination of the Plan must comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A and the
regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder, including, but not limited to, restrictions on the timing of final distributions and the adoption of future deferred compensation arrangements. 

Upon termination of the Plan, no additional contributions shall be made to the Plan by a Participant and the Employer, and benefits will vest
in accordance with the terms set forth in Article V and shall be distributed in accordance with the terms set forth in Article VII. 

ARTICLE X GENERAL PROVISIONS 

10.1. Non-Alienation of Benefits. No right or benefit under the Plan shall be
subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or change, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, or change any right or benefit under this Plan shall be void. No right or benefit
hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities or torts of the person entitled to such benefits. If the Participant, Former Participant or Beneficiary becomes bankrupt, or attempts to anticipate,
alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, or change any right hereunder, then such right or benefit shall, in the discretion of the Committee, cease and terminate, and in such event, the Committee may hold or apply the same or any part thereof for
the benefit of the Participant, Former Participant or Beneficiary, spouse, children, or other dependents, or any of them in such manner and in such amounts and proportions as the Committee may deem proper. 

Distribution pursuant to a domestic relations order of all or any portion of the Participants Benefit Amount may be paid to an Alternate
Payee (as defined in Code Section 414(p)) who is a former spouse in an amount specified in such domestic relations order in a lump-sum cash payment as soon as administratively feasible after the Plan
Administrator determines that the order is a domestic relations order (as defined in Code Section 414(p)(1)(B)). 

10.2. Source of Payment. Participants and Participants Beneficiaries shall be unsecured general creditors, with no
secured or preferential rights to any assets of the Employer or any other party for payment of benefits under this Plan. Any property held by the Employer for the purpose of generating the cash flow for payment of benefits shall remain as general,
unpledged, and unrestricted assets. The Employers obligation under this Plan shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. 

18 

Benefits distributed by any corporation or other entity included in the definition of the
Employer shall be paid by such entity out of its general assets. The obligation to pay benefits allocated to the Account of a Participant under this Plan shall be the obligation of the respective Employer of the Participant for whom the Participant
performed the services to which such deferred compensation was attributable. A Participant shall not have any rights with respect to payment of benefits from any Employer under this Plan other than the unsecured right to receive payments from such
Employer. 

10.3. Subordination of Obligations. The obligations of the Employers under this Plan shall be subordinate
in right of payment and subject to the prior payment or provision for payment in full of all claims of all other present and future creditors of each such respective Employer whose claims are not similarly subordinated and to claims which are now or
hereafter expressly stated in the instruments creating such claims to be senior in right of payment to the claims of the class of this claim arising out of any matter occurring prior to the date on which such Employers obligation to make such
payment matures consistent with the provisions hereof. Claims hereunder shall rank paripassu with claims similarly subordinated. As a condition of participating in this Plan, the Committee may require a Participant to sign a
subordination agreement, such as a form required by FINRA or other regulatory agency for purposes of increasing the Employers capital, or any similar form. 

10.4. Contractual Right to Benefits Funding. The Plan creates and vests in each Participant a contractual right only to
the benefits to which he is entitled hereunder, enforceable by the Participant against the Employer. The benefits to which a Participant, Former Participant or Beneficiary, as the case may be, is entitled under the Plan shall be paid from the
general assets of the Employer. 

10.5. No Employment Agreement. The Plan is not a contract of employment, and
participation in the Plan shall not confer on any employee the right to be retained in the employ of the Employer or any Affiliated Company. The right of a Participant or Former Participant to a distribution under the Plan is intended as a
supplemental component of the overall employment agreement between the Employer and the Participant. 

10.6. Successor to
Company. The Employer shall require any successor or assignee, whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or substantially all the business or assets of the Employer, expressly and unconditionally to
assume and agree to perform the Employers obligations under this Plan, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Employer would be required to perform. Accordingly, this Plan and the related Deferral and Investment Election Forms
shall be binding upon, and the term Employer shall include any successor or assignee to the business or assets of the Employer. 

10.7. Severability. In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held invalid or illegal for any reason, any illegality
or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, but the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted, and the Company shall have the privilege and opportunity to correct and
remedy such questions of illegality or invalidity by amendment as provided in the Plan. 

19 

10.8. Entire Plan. This document and any amendments contain all the
terms and provisions of the Plan and shall constitute the entire Plan, any other alleged terms or provisions being of no effect. 

10.9. Interpretation and Governing Law. The terms and provisions of this Plan shall be construed according to the
principles, and in the priority, as follows: first, in accordance with the meaning under, and which will bring the Plan into conformity with, Code Section 409A; and secondly, in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri. The Plan shall
be deemed to contain the provisions necessary to comply with such laws. If any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid, the remaining provisions of this Plan shall be construed as if such provision had never been included. If any
provisions of the Plan are ambiguous, the Committee shall interpret such provisions in its sole discretion. Wherever applicable, the masculine pronoun as used herein shall include the feminine, and the singular shall include the plural. The term
profit shall mean profit or loss, as the case may be, and the term credit shall mean credit or charge, as the case may be. 

The Plan and
all awards granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Code Section 409A. The Plan and all Awards granted under the Plan shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Code
Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Code Section 409A(a)(1)(B). Should any provision of the Plan, any Award Agreement, or any other agreement or arrangement contemplated by the Plan be
found not to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Code Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the Committee, and without the consent of the
holder of the Award, in such manner as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, in no event shall the
Committee exercise its discretion to accelerate the payment or settlement of an award where such payment or settlement constitutes deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A unless, and solely to the extent that, such
accelerated payment or settlement is permissible under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4) or any successor provision. 

10.10. Withholding. The Employer shall withhold from amounts due under this Plan, the amount necessary to enable the
Employer to remit to the appropriate government entity or entities on behalf of the Participant as may be required by the federal income tax withholding provisions of the Code, by an applicable states income tax, or by an applicable city,
county or municipalitys earnings or income tax act. The Employer shall withhold from the payroll of, or collect from, a Participant the amount necessary to remit on behalf of the Participant any applicable taxes which may be required with
respect to amounts accrued by a Participant hereunder, as determined by the Company. 

10.11. Individual Arbitration.
Consistent with a Participants agreement with the Company to arbitrate disputes relating to his or her employment, which can be found in a Participants offer letter or the Stifel Financial Associate Handbook (the Arbitration
Agreement), the Participant and Stifel Financial Corp. and any Affiliated Company hereby confirm and agree that, except as explicitly provided in the Arbitration Agreement and except as prohibited by applicable law, the parties will submit all
claims, disputes, issues or controversies between a Participant and Stifel or between a Participant and other employees directly or indirectly relating to or arising out of the Plan pursuant to 

20 

the Arbitration Agreement. Further consistent with the Arbitration Agreement, any claims filed by a Participant or Stifel in arbitration must be brought in a Participants or Stifels
individual capacity and not as a plaintiff, claimant or class member in any purported class, collective or representative proceeding. Any arbitration pursuant to the Arbitration Agreement shall be deemed an arbitration proceeding subject to the
Federal Arbitration Act. The parties to this agreement irrevocably waive any and all right to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to any claim, dispute, issue or other controversy arising out of the Plan. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Stifel Financial Corp. has caused this Instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer as authorized by its Board
of Directors this 4th day of February, 2025. 

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP.

By: 

/s/ Mark P. Fisher

Name: Mark P. Fisher

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel

and Corporate Secretary

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d929747dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP. 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

(Performance RSUs) 

Stifel Financial
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), hereby grants to the participant identified in the Schedule (the Participant) this award of restricted stock units (RSUs) pursuant to the
Stifel Financial Corp. 2001 Incentive Stock Plan (2018 Restatement) as may be amended or restated from time to time (the Plan) upon the following terms and conditions: 

1. 

This award is subject to all terms and conditions of this agreement and the Plan. Termination of
Employment means separation from service with the Corporation and its affiliates (generally 50% common control with the Corporation), as defined in IRS regulations under Code Section 409A (generally, a decrease in the performance of
services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding 36-month period, and disregarding leave of absences up to six months where there is a reasonable expectation you will return). Capitalized terms
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Plan. 

2. 

Each RSU represents an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Corporation to deliver a future payment equal to
the fair market value of a share of Common Stock (a Share) at the time of such payment. Such payment may, at the Corporations election, be in cash or Shares or a combination thereof. 

3. 

The number of RSUs initially granted hereunder equals the 200% of the number of Performance RSUs
(PRSUs). However, the maximum number of RSUs that ultimately vest as a result of this grant (the Total Shares) will depend upon the performance of the Corporation during the relevant measurement period. Total
Shares are calculated as described in the attached schedule as the product of (1) the number of PRSUs, (2) the Average Score (as defined in the attached schedule) and (3) the TSR Factor (as defined in the attached schedule), which
product is then rounded to the nearest whole number. 

4. 

To the extent dividends are paid on Shares while the RSUs governed by this award remain outstanding, the
Corporation may in its discretion adjust the number of RSUs that are the subject of this award to reflect the value of the dividends you would have received if you had been the owner of Shares instead of RSUs. 

5. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, upon your Termination of Employment or if you are
not in Active Working Status before the relevant vesting date, you will forfeit your unvested RSUs. For clarity, if a Termination of Employment occurs because your employment was terminated by you for any reason, including your asserting that your
termination was constructive, you will forfeit your unvested RSUs. Active Working Status means that you have not (i) resigned, (ii) given notice of your resignation, (iii) been terminated, (iv) been given
notice of your termination, or (v) been suspended (either with or without pay). 

6. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, the vested portion of your RSUs will become payable
as of the relevant delivery (payable) date. The relevant vesting and delivery date or dates for this award are stated in the Schedule. 

7. 

If the Schedule states that your RSUs are retirement eligible and you incur a Termination of Employment after
reaching the Retirement Age stated in the Schedule, then, subject to your entering into a retirement agreement suitable to the Corporation, all unvested RSUs will become vested as provided in such agreement and will be payable on
the anniversary of your Termination of Employment. A year of service for this purpose means a period of continuous employment with the Corporation and its affiliates for one year. 

8. 

In the event of a Termination of Employment occurs because your employment was terminated by the Corporation
not for Cause (as defined below), all unvested RSUs will become vested on your Termination of Employment and deliverable (payable) as provided in the Schedule. 

9. 

In the event of a Termination of Employment occurs because of your death or Disability (as defined below), all
unvested RSUs will become vested on your Termination of Employment and deliverable (payable) as provided in the Schedule. Disability means you are, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be
expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of
the Corporation. 

10. 

If, in the event of your Termination of Employment, the Corporation makes a determination that it is in the
Corporations best interest that you not forfeit your unvested RSUs on the date of your Termination of Employment and you enter into a termination agreement suitable to the Corporation, all unvested RSUs will become vested as provided in such
agreement and will be deliverable (payable) as provided in the Schedule. 

11. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Corporation determines that your Termination
of Employment was for Cause, as defined herein, all unvested RSUs awarded pursuant to this Agreement will be forfeited. 

12. 

Cause means you (a) engage in criminal conduct which could result in a statutory
disqualification, could reasonably result in harm to the Corporation or any of its affiliates or their reputation or which the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (the CEO) or the Corporation determines involves dishonesty;
(b) willfully fail to perform your duties to the Corporation or engage in gross misconduct in connection with your employment; (c) violate any applicable federal or state securities law, rule or regulation, or the applicable rules or
regulations of the Federal Reserve Board or any Federal Reserve bank, or the rules of any exchange or self-regulatory organization to which the Corporation is subject or are subject to a suspension, bar or any other limitation on your activities by
any regulatory or self-regulatory organization; (d) violate any of the Corporations policies that could reasonably result in harm to the Corporation or any of its affiliates or their reputation or employees; (e) violate any non-competition agreement, non-solicitation or other restrictive covenant agreement or obligation applicable to you or any agreement or policy relating to the
Corporations confidential or proprietary information; (f) impair, impugn, denigrate or negatively reflect upon the Corporations name, reputation or interest; (g) engage in any conduct determined by the CEO or the Corporation to
be detrimental to the Corporation; (h) act in excess of your authority as an agent, officer, director or employee of the Corporation; (i) engage in actions deemed by the CEO or the Corporation which subject the Corporation to unnecessary
risk to the detriment of the interest of the Corporation, its shareholders or its customers; or (j) materially fails to perform or produce at the level expected for the position held by you. For the avoidance of doubt, conduct detrimental to
the Corporation includes but is not limited to any action that results in a restatement of the financial statements of the Corporation. Whether or not Cause exists at the time the payment is required or at the time of termination of employment shall
be determined by the CEO or the Corporation in his, her or its discretion and such determination may be made before or after any Termination of Employment. 

13. 

Any amounts payable to you in respect of the RSUs shall be paid as soon as administratively feasible after the
amounts become deliverable (payable); but no later than the later of (a) the end of the calendar year in which the amount becomes deliverable (payable); or (b) the fifteenth day of the third calendar month following the date the amount
becomes deliverable (payable); provided you (or your beneficiary) is not permitted to designate the taxable year of the payment. 

14. 

In accordance with Section 15 of the Plan, you will be deemed to have provided notice to the Corporation
to elect to have your withholding satisfied by a reduction of the number of shares otherwise so deliverable (payable) at the discretion of the Corporation. Accordingly, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion, withhold from the payment to you
hereunder a sufficient amount (in cash or Shares) to provide for the payment of any taxes required to be withheld by federal, state or local law with respect to income resulting from such payment. You have been advised to review with your own tax
advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the 

2 

transactions contemplated by this Agreement. You are relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Corporation or any of its agents. You understand that you
(and not the Corporation) shall be responsible for your own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

15. 

At the time when RSU Shares or cash would otherwise be delivered (paid) to you, the Corporation shall have the
right to offset against that obligation any outstanding amounts then owed by you to the Corporation. 

16. 

An RSU does not represent an equity interest in the Corporation, and carries no voting rights. You will not
have any rights of a shareholder with respect to the RSUs until the Shares have been delivered to you. 

17. 

This Award of RSUs is made as a bonus in respect of your performance and is in addition to and not a substitute
for or in lieu of ordinary salary and wages received by you in respect of your service to the Corporation. 

18. 

Notices hereunder and under the Plan, if to the Corporation, shall be delivered to the General Counsel (or
other person designated by the Corporation) or mailed to the Corporations principal office, 501 North Broadway, St. Louis, MO 63102, attention of General Counsel, or, if to you, shall be delivered to you or mailed to your address as the same
appears on the records of the Corporation. 

19. 

All decisions and interpretations made by the Corporation with regard to any question arising hereunder shall
be binding and conclusive on all persons. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. 

20. 

By accepting this award, you acknowledge that the federal securities laws and/or the Corporations
policies regarding trading in its securities may limit or restrict your right to buy or sell Shares, including, without limitation, sales of Shares acquired in connection with your RSUs. You agree to comply with such federal securities law
requirements and Corporation policies, as such laws and policies are amended from time to time. 

21. 

The Corporation may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or amend, alter, suspend,
discontinue or terminate the award granted under this agreement, provided, however, that no such action shall impair your rights under this Agreement without your consent. 

22. 

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri without giving effect to its choice of
law provisions. This Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A (including the exceptions thereto) to the extent applicable, and the Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such requirements.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any provision of the Agreement conflicts with the requirements of Code Section 409A (or an exception thereto), such provision shall be deemed reformed so as to comply with the requirements of Code
Section 409A (or an exception thereto) and shall be interpreted and applied accordingly. 

[The remainder of this
page is intentionally blank.] 

Stifel Financial Corp.

By:

Name:

Title:

3 

If you would like to designate a beneficiary to exercise your rights under this agreement in
the event of your death, please complete your designation in the space provided below, as well as please sign and print your name and date in the space provided below, and return this Agreement to Stifel Financial Corp., 501 North Broadway, St.
Louis, MO 63102, to the attention of Accounting. 

Beneficiary: 

Participant name 

(print & sign):

Date:

4 

SCHEDULE TO 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

(Performance RSUs) 

Name of Participant [Name of Participant]

Grant Date [ , 2025]

Vesting Dates A number of RSUs equal to 20% of the Total Shares will vest on each of the first five anniversaries of the Grant Date

Delivery (Payable) Dates With respect to the Shares vesting on each Vesting Date, the Delivery (Payable) Date is the later of the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date and the related Vesting Date.

Retirement Eligible No

Retirement Age Not applicable

Number of PRSUs []

Total Shares Calculation 

Total Shares equals the product of (1) the Number of PRSUs, (2) the Average Score and (3) the TSR Factor, which product is
then rounded to the nearest whole number.

Only the portion of RSUs granted under
this award agreement equal to Total Shares will vest and those RSUs will vest according to the above Vesting Dates and be delivered (become payable) according to the above Delivery (Payable) Dates.

For the sake of clarity, the maximum amount of Total Shares that may be awarded under
this award agreement shall equal 200% of the PRSUs awarded under this agreement because the maximum Average Score is 123 and the maximum TSR Factor is 1.2 (and the
product of 123 and 1.2 is 2.0).

Average Score The weighted average of the Scores for the Factor 1 and Factor 2 below (which, for clarity, will be a value between 13 and 123)

Factor 1 The arithmetic average of annual Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share (EPS) with respect to each of the following calendar years: [20].
Non-GAAP EPS for each year is to be determined in the same manner as described in the Corporations [20] Proxy Statement and as set forth in Stifels policy governing calculation of Non-GAAP measures, adjusted if necessary to neutralize the effect of intervening changes in accounting rules or similar rules.

A-5 

Factor 2 The arithmetic average of annual Non-GAAP Return on Common Equity (ROE) for each of [20]. Non-GAAP ROE for each year is to be
determined in the same manner as described in the Corporations 2024 Proxy Statement and as set forth in Stifels policy governing calculation of Non-GAAP measures, adjusted if necessary to
neutralize the effect of intervening changes in accounting rules or similar rules.

Factor 1 Score 

If Factor 1 $[3.11], then 13;

If Factor 1 > $[3.11] and < $[4.68], then interpolate the score on a straight line

between $[3.11] (scored
as 13) and $[4.68] (scored as 1);

If Factor 1 =
$[4.68], then 1;

If Factor 1 > $[4.68] and < $[6.22], then interpolate the score on a straight
line

between $[4.68] (scored as 1) and $[6.22] (scored as 123); and

If Factor 1 $[6.22], then 123

Factor 2 Score 

If Factor 2 [10]%, then 13;

If Factor 2 > [10]% and < [12]%, then interpolate the score on a straight line

between [10]% (scored as 13) and [12]% (scored as 1);

If Factor 2 = [12]%, then
1;

If Factor 2 > [12]% and < [14]%, then interpolate the score on a straight line

between [12% (scored
as 1) and 14]% (scored as 123); and

If Factor 2 
[14]%, then 123

Factor 1 Score Weight []

Factor 2 Score Weight []

TSR Factor 

The difference between the total stock return for the common stock of the Corporation and the total stock return for the common stock of
the Stifel Peer Group (as described in the Corporations 20[] Proxy Statement, with each Peer Group member equally weighted). The total stock return for each of the Corporation and the Stifel Peer Group is to be determined as the
total stock return (including dividends) between [January 1, 20 and December 31, 20], with both the Corporations and the Stifel Peer Groups January 1, 20 baseline normalized to 100. For
example, if Stifels TSR is 20% (i.e., the Stifel index goes from 100 to 120 over the measurement period) and the Stifel Peer Groups TSR is 15% (i.e., the Stifel Peer Group index increases from 100 to 115 over the
measurement period) then the TSR Factor will equal 5% (20% - 15%).

Total stock
return for the measurement period will be determined in the same manner as described in the Corporations 2023 Proxy Statement.

TSR Factor Score 

If TSR Factor -20 %, then 0.8;

If TSR Factor > -20% and < 0%, then interpolate the score on a straight line

between -20% (scored as 0.8)
and 0% (scored as 1);

If TSR Factor = 0%, then 1;

If TSR Factor > 0% and < 20%, then interpolate the score on a straight line

between 0% (scored as 1) and
20% (scored as 1.2); and

If TSR Factor 20%, then 1.20

A-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d929747dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP. 

DEFERRED AWARD AGREEMENT 

This award
agreement is between Stifel Financial Corp., a Delaware corporation, including its past, present or future affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, and parents (collectively, Stifel or the Corporation) and the
identified Participant (the Participant or you). Stifel Financial Corp. hereby grants to the Participant this award of restricted stock units (RSUs) and/or debentures (the Award) pursuant to the Stifel
Financial Corp. 2001 Incentive Stock Plan (2018 Restatement) as may be amended or restated from time to time (the Plan), which are subject to the Plan and the following terms and conditions: 

Name of Participant: 

Grant Date:

Grant
Type1 

Dollar Value 

Number of
RSUs2 

Vesting Schedule 

Distribution Schedule

1 

Debentures will earn interest at X%

2 

Fractional shares shall be settled in cash

1. 

This Award is subject to all terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan. The term
Termination of Employment shall mean termination of employment from the Corporation and its affiliates (generally 50% common control with the Corporation), as defined in IRS regulations under Code Section 409A (generally, a decrease
in the performance of services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding 36-month period, and disregarding leaves of absence up to six months where there is a reasonable expectation you will
return). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Plan. 

2. 

Each RSU represents an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Corporation to deliver a future payment, subject
to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, equal to the fair market value of one share of common stock of the Corporation (a Share) at the time of such payment. Such payment may, at the Corporations
election, be in cash or Shares or a combination thereof. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, the RSUs will vest and become payable as of the relevant vesting and distribution dates. 

3. 

To the extent dividends are paid on Shares while the RSUs governed by this award remain outstanding, the
Corporation may in its discretion adjust the number of RSUs that are the subject of this award to reflect the value of the dividends you would have received if you had been the owner of Shares instead of RSUs or pay in cash. 

4. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, upon your Termination of Employment or if you are
not in Active Working Status before the relevant vesting date, you will forfeit your unvested RSUs, debentures, and any other unvested Award, as applicable. Active Working Status means that you have not (i) resigned, (ii) given
notice of your resignation, (iii) been terminated, (iv) been given notice of your termination, or (v) been suspended (either with or without pay). 

However, in the event of your Termination of Employment as a result of (1) death or (2) disability (meaning any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months
under an accident and health plan covering employees of Employer), all unvested Awards will become vested on your Termination of Employmentand payable approximately six months thereafter. 

Further, if, in the event of your Termination of Employment, the Corporation makes a determination that it is in the Corporations best
interest that you not forfeit your unvested Awards on the date of your Termination of Employment, selected unvested Awards shall not be forfeited merely because of Termination of Employment before the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates, but
shall continue to vest on the relevant scheduled vesting date or dates if (1) you apply for forfeiture waiver in writing , certifying that you are not employed by or affiliated with a Competitive Enterprise or engaged in Competitive Activity or
Soliciting Activity (as defined in the attached Appendix); and (2) you have signed a confidential Separation and Release Agreement in a form provided to you by the Corporation; and (3) you do not engage in a Competitive Activity or
Soliciting Activity and you have not incurred a termination of employment for Cause. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, upon your Termination of Employment for Cause, as defined herein, all unvested Awards awarded pursuant to this Agreement will be forfeited. Cause means you (i) have engaged in criminal conduct which could result in a
statutory disqualification, could reasonably result in harm to Stifel or its reputation or which the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (the CEO) or his or her designee determines involves dishonesty; (ii) willfully fail to
perform your duties to the Corporation or engage in gross misconduct in connection with your employment; (iii) violate any applicable federal or state securities law, rule or regulation, or the applicable rules or regulations of the Federal
Reserve Board or any Federal Reserve bank, or the rules of any exchange or self-regulatory organization to which the Corporation is subject or you are subject to a suspension, bar or any other limitation on your activities by any regulatory or
self-regulatory organization; (iv) violate any of the Corporations policies that could reasonably result in harm to Stifel or its reputation or employees; (v) violate any non-competition,non-solicitation or other restrictive covenant agreement or obligation applicable to you or any agreement or policy relating to the Corporations confidential or proprietary information; (vi) impair,
impugn, denigrate or negatively reflect upon the Corporations name, reputation or 

-2- 

interest; (vii) engage in any conduct determined by the CEO or his or her designee to be detrimental to the Corporation; (viii) act in excess of your authority as an agent, officer,
director or employee of the Corporation; (ix) engage in actions deemed by the CEO or his or her designee to subject the Corporation to unnecessary risk to the detriment of the interest of the Corporation, its shareholders or its customers; or
(x) materially fail to perform or produce at the level expected for the position held by you. For the avoidance of doubt, conduct detrimental to the Corporation includes but is not limited to any action that results in a restatement of the
financial statements of the Corporation. Whether or not a (i) Cause exists at the time the payment is required or (ii) Termination of Employment is for Cause shall be determined by the CEO or his or her designee in his, her or its
discretion and such determination may be made before or after any Termination of Employment. 

Any amounts eligible for distribution with
respect to this Award do not become earned until distributed to you. Distributions will occur in accordance with the distribution schedule herein, except that distribution on account of Termination of Employment may not be made until at
least six months after such Termination of Employment. With respect to any amounts otherwise eligible for distribution upon vesting with respect to this Award shall be distributed as soon as administratively feasible after the amounts have vested in
accordance with this Award Agreement and the Plan; but no later than the later of (a) the end of the calendar year in which the amount becomes vested; or (b) the fifteenth day of the third calendar month following the date the amount
becomes vested; provided you (or your beneficiary) is not permitted to designate the taxable year of the payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if you incur a Termination of Employment for Cause, or if Cause exists at the time
payment is required, and such determination of Cause is made at any time before distribution, the Award shall be forfeited, regardless of whether such amount is vested as of such date. 

5. 

In accordance with Section 15 of the Plan, you will be deemed to have provided notice to the Corporation
to elect to have your withholding satisfied by a reduction of the number of shares otherwise so deliverable at the discretion of the Corporation. Accordingly, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion, withhold from the payment to you hereunder a
sufficient amount (in cash or Shares) to provide for the payment of any taxes required to be withheld by federal, state or local law with respect to income resulting from such payment. You have been advised to review with your own tax advisors the
federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. You are relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Corporation or any of its agents.
You understand that you (and not the Corporation) shall be responsible for your own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

6. 

At the time when an Award would otherwise become vested and distributed to you, prior to computing the final
amount of such payment, the Corporation shall have the right to offset against that obligation any outstanding amounts then owed by you to the Corporation. 

-3- 

7. 

An Award does not represent an equity interest in the Corporation, and carries no voting rights. You will not
have any rights of a shareholder with respect to the RSUs until the Shares have been delivered to you. 

8. 

This Award is made as a bonus with respect to your performance and to incent you to continue employment with
the Corporation OR (to incent you to undertake employment with the Corporation) and is in addition to and not a substitute for or in lieu of ordinary salary and wages received by you in respect of your service to the Corporation.

9. 

Notices hereunder and under the Plan, if to the Corporation, shall be delivered or mailed to the
Corporations principal office, 501 North Broadway, St. Louis, MO 63102, attention of GeneralCounsel, or, if to you, shall be delivered to you or mailed to your address as the same appears on the records of the Corporation.

10. 

All decisions and interpretations made by the Corporation with regard to any question arising hereunder shall
be binding and conclusive on all persons. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. 

11. 

By accepting this Award, you acknowledge that the federal securities laws and/or the Corporations
policies regarding trading in its securities may limit or restrict your right to buy or sell Shares, including, without limitation, sales of Shares acquired in connection with your RSUs. You agree to comply with such federal securities law
requirements and Corporation policies, as such laws and policies are amended from time to time. 

12. 

The Corporation may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or amend, alter, suspend,
discontinue or terminate the Award granted under this agreement, provided, however, that no such action shall impair your rights under this Agreement without your consent. 

13. 

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri without giving effect to its choice of
law provisions. This Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A (including the exceptions thereto) to the extent applicable, and the Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such requirements.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any provision of the Agreement conflicts with the requirements of Code Section 409A (or an exception thereto), such provision shall be deemed reformed so as to comply with the requirements of Code
Section 409A (or an exception thereto) and shall be interpreted and applied accordingly. 

14. 

Consistent with your agreement with the Corporation to arbitrate disputes relating to your employment, which
can be found in your offer letter, the Stifel Financial Corp. Associate Handbook or otherwise (the Arbitration Agreement), you and Stifel hereby confirm and agree that, except as explicitly provided in the Arbitration Agreement and
except as prohibited by applicable law, the parties will submit all claims, disputes, issues or controversies between you and Stifel or between you and other Stifel employees directly or indirectly relating to or arising out of this Award pursuant
to the Arbitration Agreement. Further, consistent with the Arbitration Agreement, any claims filed by you or Stifel in arbitration must be brought in your 

-4- 

or Stifels individual capacity and not as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any purported class, collective or representative proceeding. Any arbitration pursuant to the Arbitration
Agreement shall be deemed an arbitration proceeding subject to the Federal Arbitration Act. Both you and Stifel irrevocably waive any and all right to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to any claim, dispute, issue or
other controversy relating to this Award. 

BY ACCEPTING THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, I ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED HEREIN
INCLUDING THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. 

Stifel Financial Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

-5- 

Appendix 

Definitions: The following words and phrases, whether or not capitalized, shall have the meanings specified below for purposes of this
Agreement: 

Client means any client, former client or prospective client of the Corporation to whom the Participant or
Former Participant provided services, or for whom the Participant or Former Participant transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Participant or Former Participant in connection with the Participants or Former
Participants relationship with or employment by the Corporation. 

Competitive Activity means to: 

(a) form, or acquire a 5% or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Competitive Enterprise; or 

(b) associate (including, but not limited to, association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor)
with any Competitive Enterprise and in connection with such association engage in, or directly or indirectly manage or supervise personnel engaged in, any activity (1) which is similar or substantially related to any activity in which the
Participant or Former Participant was engaged, in whole or in part, at the Corporation, or (2) for which the Participant of Former Participant has had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibility at the Corporation, or
(3) which calls for the application of the same or similar specialized knowledge or skills as those utilized by the Participant or Former Participant in the Participants or Former Participants activities at the Corporation at any
time during the one-year period immediately prior to the Termination of Employment of the Participant or Former Participant, and, in any such case, irrespective of the purpose of the activity or whether the
activity is or was in furtherance of advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary business of either the Corporation or the Competitive Enterprise. (By way of example only, an advisory investment banker joining a leveraged-buyout firm or a
research analyst becoming a proprietary trader or joining a hedge fund would constitute a Competitive Activity.) 

Competitive
Enterprise means a business enterprise that engages in, or owns or controls a significant interest in any entity that engages in, financial services such as investment banking, public or private finance, financial advisory services,
provision of investment advice, 

-6- 

products or services, private investing (for anyone other than the Participant or Former Participant and members of the Participants or Former Participants family), merchant banking,
asset or hedge fund management, securities brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 

Corporation means Stifel and its affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors, and successors. 

Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or
organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

Solicit means
any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. 

SolicitingActivity means to: directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit a Client to transact business with a
Competitive Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Corporation, (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Corporation and a Client, or (3) Solicit any
individual associated with the Corporation as an employee or contractor or consultant to resign from or cease doing business with the Corporation or to apply for or accept employment with, or agree to perform services for another entity. 

-7- 

StifelDeferred Compensation - Designation of Beneficiary 

If you would like to designate a beneficiary to exercise your rights under this agreement in the event of your death, please complete your
designation in the space provided below, as well as please sign and print your name and date in the space provided below, and return this Agreement to Stifel Financial Corp., 501 North Broadway, St. Louis, MO 63102, to the attention of Human
Resources. 

This will apply to all of your deferred compensation grants and we only need one on file. 

Primary Beneficiary Name & Relationship: 

Primary Beneficiary Contact Info: 

Secondary Beneficiary (ies) Name(s) & Relationship(s): 

Secondary Beneficiary (ies) Contact Info: 

Participant name/ Emp# 

Signature: 

Date: 

-8-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sfb-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sfb-20250204_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sfb-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 
Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series C Preferred Stock [Member] 
Series C Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 
Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

M 5.20 Senior Notes Due 2047 [Member] 
M 5.20 Senior Notes Due 2047 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>sfb-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 04, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000720672

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-09305

Entity Tax Identification Number 43-1273600

Entity Address, Address Line One 501 N. Broadway

Entity Address, City or Town St. Louis

Entity Address, State or Province MO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 63102-2188

City Area Code (314)

Local Phone Number 342-2000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.15 par value per share

Trading Symbol SF

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.25% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B

Trading Symbol SF-PB

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series C Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C

Trading Symbol SF-PC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 4.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D

Trading Symbol SF-PD

Security Exchange Name NYSE

M 5.20 Senior Notes Due 2047 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 5.20% Senior Notes due 2047

Trading Symbol SFB

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: sfb_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: sfb_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=sfb_M5.20SeniorNotesDue2047Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
6 
22 
1 
false 
5 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250204/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d929747d8k.htm 
sfb-20250204.xsd 
sfb-20250204_def.xml 
sfb-20250204_lab.xml 
sfb-20250204_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-022725-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d929747d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000720672 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0000720672 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0000720672 

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0000720672 

us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0000720672 

us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0000720672 

sfb:M5.20SeniorNotesDue2047Member 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP 
false 
0000720672 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
DE 
001-09305 
43-1273600 
501 N. Broadway 
St. Louis 
MO 
63102-2188 
(314) 
342-2000 
Common Stock, $0.15 par value per share 
SF 
NYSE 
Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.25% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B 
SF-PB 
NYSE 
Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C 
SF-PC 
NYSE 
Depository Shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of 4.50% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 
SF-PD 
NYSE 
5.20% Senior Notes due 2047 
SFB 
NYSE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>