<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-004355.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-004355.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328203457
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-004355
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gesher Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002044635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42562
		FILM NUMBER:		25788405

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HAGAG TOWERS NORTH TOWER
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 24 HAARBA 28
		CITY:			TEL AVIV
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			000000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129931560

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HAGAG TOWERS NORTH TOWER
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 24 HAARBA 28
		CITY:			TEL AVIV
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			000000
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235759-8k_gesheracq2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000204463500020446352025-03-242025-03-240002044635cik0002044635:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-242025-03-240002044635cik0002044635:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-242025-03-240002044635cik0002044635:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-03-242025-03-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 24, 2025

Gesher Acquisition Corp. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42562 98-1833264

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3141 Walnut Street, Suite 203b

Denver, Colorado80205

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 993-1560

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant GSHRU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share GSHR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 GSHRW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 24, 2025, Gesher
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO) of 14,375,000 units (the
Units), including the exercise in full by the underwriters of an option to purchase up to 1,875,000 Units at the offering
price to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $143,750,000.
Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares),
and one-half of one redeemable warrant.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to the Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and the BTIG Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement,
the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 565,625 units (the Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor and
BTIG at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit. The Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) are identical to the units
included in the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Companys Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Units were made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

A total of $144,181,250,
or $10.03 per Unit, comprised of the net proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes $5,031,250 of the underwriters deferred underwriting
commissions) and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee,.

An audited balance sheet
as of March 24, 2025 reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and
is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of March 24, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Ezra Gardner

Name: Ezra Gardner

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: March 28, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023575901ex99-1_gesheracq2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1 

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Financial Statement of Gesher Acquisition Corp. II: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of March 24, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Gesher Acquisition Corp. II:

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Gesher Acquisition Corp. II (the "Company") as of March 24, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the "financial statement"). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 24, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statement based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entitys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

New York, New York

March 28, 2025

F-2

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

BALANCE SHEET

March 24, 2025

Assets: 

Current assets 

Cash $ 2,112,384 

Due from Sponsor 25,000 

Total current assets 2,137,384 

Cash held in Trust Account 144,181,250 

Total Assets $ 146,318,634 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs $ 303,309 

Accrued expenses 56,171 

Total current liabilities 359,480 

Deferred underwriting fee 5,031,250 

Total Liabilities 5,390,730 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, $0.0001 par value; 14,375,000 shares at redemption value of $10.03 per share 144,181,250 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 565,625 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 14,375,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 57 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 5,513,483 shares issued and outstanding 551 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (3,253,954 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (3,253,346 )

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit $ 146,318,634 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statement.

F-3

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MARCH 24, 2025

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operations

Gesher Acquisition Corp. II (the Company)
is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on August 29, 2024. The Company was incorporated
for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business
Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination
target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company.

As of March 24, 2025, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from August 29, 2024 (inception) through March 24, 2025 relates to the Companys
formation and the initial public offering (the

Initial Public Offering), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the
completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on investments from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal
year end.

The registration statement for the Companys
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on March 14, 2025. On March 24, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering
of 14,375,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the
Public Shares), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 1,875,000
Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $143,750,000, which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant).

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 565,625 units (the Private Placement Units) at a price of $10.00 per
Private Placement Unit, in a private placement to the Companys sponsor, Gesher Acquisition Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor),
and BTIG, LLC (BTIG), the representative of the underwriters, generating gross proceeds of $5,656,250, which is described
in Note 4. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Private
Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Of those 565,625 Private Placement Units, the
Sponsor purchased 403,125 Private Placement Units and BTIG purchased 162,500 Private Placement Units.

Transaction costs amounted to $8,409,601, consisting
of $2,875,000 of cash underwriting fee, $5,031,250 of deferred underwriting fee, and $503,351 of other offering costs.

The Business Combination must be with one or more
target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and income taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the
time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination.

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on March 24, 2025, an amount of $144,181,250 ($10.03 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the Private Placement
Units, was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account), with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as
trustee. The funds are initially to be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or
less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose
of facilitating the intended Business Combination. To mitigate the risk that might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes
of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may,
at any time (based on management teams ongoing assessment of all factors related to the potential status under the Investment Company
Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in
cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering and the sale of the
Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering or by such earlier liquidation date as the Companys
board of directors may approve (the Completion Window), subject to applicable

F-4

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operations (cont.)

law, or (iii) the redemption of the Companys
public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection
with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys public shareholders.

The Company will provide the Companys public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder
vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business
Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations.
The amount in the Trust Account is initially valued at $10.03 per public share.

The ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
were recorded at a redemption value and were classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less income taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption
in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable
to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder
shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Proposed Public Offering (including in open market
and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

F-5

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operations (cont.)

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business
Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.03 per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.03 per
share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less income taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account
(whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of
the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor
has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes
that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able
to satisfy those obligations.

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (the U.S. GAAP) and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
(the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the
auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of the Companys financial

F-6

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies (cont.)

statement with another public company which is
neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statement in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $2,112,384 in cash and no cash
equivalents as of March 24, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of March 24, 2025, the assets held in the Trust
Account, amounting to $144,181,250, were held in cash.

Concentration of credit risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of
the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A Expenses of Offering.
Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20,
Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into
its equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between
Class A ordinary shares and Warrants, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value
of the Warrants and then to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary equity,
and offering costs allocated to the Public Warrants and Private Placement Units were charged to shareholders deficit as Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, after managements evaluation, were accounted for under equity treatment.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature.

F-7

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies (cont.)

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC
Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income
taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets
and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company
recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of March 24, 2025, there were
no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman
Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing
requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for the period presented.

Warrant Instruments

The Company accounted for the Public Warrants
and the Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with
the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified
the warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values. Such guidance provides that the Warrants described above will not
be precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent
changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity in accordance with ASC 480 and ASC
815.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption

The Public Shares contain a redemption feature
which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company
classifies public shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control
of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable
shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares
will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of March
24, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of March 24, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to
possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 143,750,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (1,890,313 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (8,280,209 )

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 10,601,772 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, March 24, 2025 $ 144,181,250 

F-8

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies (cont.)

Share-Based Compensation

The Company records share-based compensation in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Share Compensation (ASC 718), guidance to account for its
share-based compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee share option or similar equity instrument.
The Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments at their fair value on the grant date, which are based on the estimated number
of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered are
recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any
previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual
and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating officer decision maker (CODM),
as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that
a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment
profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities will be required to provide all
annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide
all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption
permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on August 28, 2024, date of incorporation.

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statement.

F-9

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 3 Initial Public Offering

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, on March
24, 2025, the Company sold 14,375,000 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option amounting
to 1,875,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-half of one
redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50
per share, subject to adjustment. Each Public Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business
Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

Warrants As of March
24, 2025, there were 7,470,313 Warrants outstanding, including 7,187,500 Public Warrants and 282,813 Private Placement Warrants. Each
whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed herein. The Warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will
expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation.

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A
ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the
event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant
will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be
required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser
of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying
such unit.

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the
Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of its Business Combination,
it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the
Proposed Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to
become effective within 60 business days following the Companys initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company
does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

If the holders exercise their public warrants
on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market

F-10

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 3 Initial Public Offering
(cont.)

value of the Class A ordinary shares
over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported
closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants,
as applicable.

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $18.00: The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period); and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing
price) of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
at least 30 days after completion of the initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class A
ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares.
A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares
at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other
equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the
quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these
purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining
the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well
as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of
Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights.

Note 4 Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor and BTIG purchased an aggregate of 565,625 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement
Unit, in a private placement. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Private Placement Warrant. Each Private
Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per shares, subject to adjustments.
Each Private Placement Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination and will
not expire except upon liquidation. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed within 21 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the
redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law).

The Private Placement Warrants contained in the
Private Placement Units are identical to the Warrants sold in the Proposed Public Offering except, the Private Placement Warrants
(i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) are
entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by BTIG, and/or its designees, are not
exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in this offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).

F-11

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 4 Private Placement
(cont.)

The Sponsor and the Companys officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or
an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company
determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the
Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares
they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Proposed Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

Note 5 Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On November 12, 2024, the Sponsor made a
capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per share, through payments of offering costs and expenses on the Companys
behalf, for which the Company issued 5,513,483 Class B ordinary shares, known as founder shares, to the Sponsor. Up to 622,231 of
the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
is exercised. On March 24, 2025, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. As such, the 622,231 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor is holding 5,198,483 founder shares,
after giving effect to the founder share interest assignment described below.

On March 5, 2025, the Sponsor granted
membership interests equivalent to an aggregate of 315,000 founder shares to the four independent directors, the chief financial
officer (CFO), and two service providers, in exchange for their services as independent directors, CFO, and service providers to the
Company through the Companys initial Business Combination. The founder shares, represented by such membership interests, will
remain with the Sponsor if the holder of such membership interests are no longer serving the Company prior to the initial Business
Combination. The membership interest assignment of the founder shares to the holders of such interests are in the scope of FASB ASC
Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated
with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the assignment date. The total fair value of the 315,000 founder shares
represented by such membership interests assigned to the holders of such interests on March 5, 2025 was $472,500 or $1.50 per share.
The membership interests were assigned subject to a performance condition (i.e., providing services through Business Combination).
Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a
Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of membership interests that ultimately vest times the assignment date fair
value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the assignment of the membership interests. As
of March 24, 2025, the Company determined that the initial Business Combination is not considered probable and therefore no
compensation expense has been recognized.

The founder shares are designated as Class B
ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in
this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder
shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration
rights; (iii) the Sponsor and the Companys officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to
which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public
shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if we have
not consummated an initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares or private placement shares if we fail to complete the initial Business Combination
within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within such time period and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account and (D) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares
purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase
in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the
Business Combination transaction) in favor of the initial Business Combination, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible
into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of
the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in the Company amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, and (v) prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B

F-12

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 5 Related Party Transactions
(cont.)

ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the
appointment and removal of directors or continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution
required to amend the Companys constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of
the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands).

Promissory Note Related Party

The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company an
aggregate of up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due at the earlier of May 31, 2025 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. On March 24, 2025, the Company repaid
the total outstanding balance of the note amounting to $162,616. Borrowings under the note are no longer available.

Due from Sponsor

The Company paid the Sponsor an amount of $25,000
in excess of the outstanding promissory note balance at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The excess payment of $25,000 is denoted
as a due from Sponsor on the accompanying balance sheet as of March 24, 2025.

Administrative Services Agreement

The Company entered into an agreement with an
affiliate of the Sponsor, commencing on March 14, 2025 through the earlier of the Companys consummation of initial Business Combination
and its liquidation, to pay the affiliate of the Sponsor an aggregate of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial
and administrative support.

Related Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into private placement units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. As of
March 24, 2025, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets are
experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the
Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)
deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. Certain countries,
including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel,
increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting
measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union,
Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional
and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions,
including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased
cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial
markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

F-13

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies
(cont.)

Any of the above mentioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys search for an initial
Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial Business Combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement
Units (and their underlying securities) and Units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and their underlying
securities), if any, and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the founder shares and any Class A ordinary
shares held by the initial shareholders at the completion of the Proposed Public Offering or acquired prior to or in connection with the
initial Business Combination, are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on March 20, 2024.
These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands and have piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The underwriters have a 45-day option from the
date of the Proposed Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 24,
2025, the underwriters elected to fully exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,875,000 Units at a price of $10.00
per Unit.

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 2.00% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or $2,875,000 in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5% of the gross proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering, or $5,031,250 in the aggregate, payable upon the closing of an initial Business Combination. Of the deferred
underwriting commissions, (i) 2.0% shall be released to BTIG upon completion of an initial Business Combination, in cash (ii) up
to 1.0% shall be released to BTIG upon completion of an initial Business Combination, in cash, based on the percentage of public shares
outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination net of public shares submitted for redemption and
net of any public shares held by public shareholders that have entered into forward purchase agreements or other arrangements whereby
the Company have a contractual obligation to repurchase such shares after the closing of the initial Business Combination; and (iii) up
to 0.5% per unit will be released to BTIG upon completion of an initial Business Combination, in cash, provided that the Company has the
right, in its sole discretion, to reallocate all or some of such amount for the payment of expenses in connection such initial Business
Combination.

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit

Preference Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 1,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of March 24, 2025, there were no
preferred shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of March 24, 2025,
there were 565,625 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding the 14,375,000 shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of March 24, 2025,
there were 5,513,483 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of
the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued
in excess of the amounts sold in the Inital Public Offering and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination,

F-14

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit (cont.)

the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares
convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary
shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 27.72% of the sum of (i) the total
number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (including any Class A ordinary shares
issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private
Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all
Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business
Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination
and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or to officers or directors upon conversion
of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an
initial Business Combination; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Holders of record of the Companys Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by
the shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as specified below)
requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person
or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, such actions include amending the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving
a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors,
meaning, following the Companys initial Business Combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary shares voted for the
appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders of
the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and (ii) be entitled
to vote on continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the
constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way
of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote
on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended
if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least 90% (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of
the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so,
vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company.

Note 8 Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of the Public Warrants is $1,890,313,
or $0.263 per Public Warrant. The fair value of Public Warrants was determined using Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public Warrants
have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table presents
the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public Warrants:

F-15

GESHER ACQUISITION CORP. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

March 24, 2025

Note 8 Fair Value Measurements
(cont.)

March 24,

2025 

Current underlying unit price $ 10.02 

Market pricing adjustment 5.0 %

Strike price $ 11.50 

Redemption price $ 18.00 

Probability of a successful business combination 15.0 %

Risk free rate 4.04 %

Note 9 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions
that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statement was issued. Based upon this review, the Company
did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statement.

F-16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cik0002044635-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cik0002044635-20250324_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cik0002044635-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cik0002044635-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42562

Entity Registrant Name Gesher Acquisition Corp. II

Entity Central Index Key 0002044635

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1833264

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 3141 Walnut Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 203b

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80205

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 993-1560

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol GSHRU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol GSHR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol GSHRW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cik0002044635_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cik0002044635_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cik0002044635_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gesheracqcorp2.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0002044635-20250324.xsd 
cik0002044635-20250324_def.xml 
cik0002044635-20250324_lab.xml 
cik0002044635-20250324_pre.xml 
ea0235759-8k_gesheracq2.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-004355-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0235759-8k_gesheracq2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002044635 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0002044635 

cik0002044635:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0002044635 

cik0002044635:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0002044635 

cik0002044635:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002044635 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
Gesher Acquisition Corp. II 
E9 
001-42562 
98-1833264 
3141 Walnut Street 
Suite 203b 
Denver 
CO 
80205 
212 
993-1560 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
GSHRU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
GSHR 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 
GSHRW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>