<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-002258.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-002258.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110060513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-002258
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250108
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DatChat, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001648960
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEGRAPH & OTHER MESSAGE COMMUNICATIONS [4822]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				472502264
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40729
		FILM NUMBER:		25520092

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		204 NIELSON STREET
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-374-3529

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		204 NIELSON STREET
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dat Chat, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150722
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227231-8k_datchat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164896000016489602025-01-082025-01-080001648960DATS:CommonStock0.0001ParValueMember2025-01-082025-01-080001648960DATS:SeriesWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf4.98Member2025-01-082025-01-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 8, 2025

DATCHAT,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-40729 47-2502264

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (I.
R. S. Employer

Identification No.)

204
Neilson Street

New
Brunswick, NJ08901

(Address
of principal executive offices, including ZIP code)

(732)
374-3529

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.0001 par
value DATS The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Series
A Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.98 DATSW The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 8, 2025, DatChat, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to such investors 1,200,000 shares (the Shares)
of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock), at a purchase price of $4.25 per share of Common Stock (the Offering).
The shares of Common Stock were offered by the Company pursuant to its shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268058),
which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022, a base prospectus dated December 6, 2022
and a prospectus supplement dated January 8, 2025.

The
closing of the sales of these securities under the Purchase Agreement took place on January 9, 2025.

The
gross proceeds from the offering were approximately $5.1 million, prior to deducting placement agents fees and other offering
expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general
corporate purposes.

The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the
Purchase Agreement. In addition, such representations, warranties and covenants (i) are intended as a way of allocating the risk between
the parties to the Purchase Agreement and not as statements of fact, and (ii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different
from what may be viewed as material by stockholders of, or other investors in, the Company. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreement is included
with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the transaction, and not to provide investors with
any other factual information regarding the Company. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties
may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures.

On
January 7, 2025, the Company entered into an engagement agreement with The Benchmark Company, LLC, as exclusive placement agent (the
Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act as placement agent on a reasonable best efforts
basis in connection with the Offering. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent an aggregate cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross
proceeds from the sale of securities in the Offering and a non-accountable expense allowance equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds raised
in the Offering. The Company also agreed to issue the Placement Agent (or its designees) a
warrant (the Placement Agent Warrant) to purchase up to 5% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
sold in the offering, or warrants to purchase up to 60,000 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price equal to 100.0% of the offering
price per share of Common Stock, or $4.25 per share. The Placement Agent Warrant is exercisable during the four-and-a-half year period commencing six months after the date of the closing of
this Offering. In addition, the Company agreed to pay the Placement
Agent $80,000 for legal expenses and other out-of-pocket expenses.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Placement Agent Warrant and Purchase Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the full text of the form of Placement Agent Warrant, and form of Purchase Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits
4.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

The
legal opinion and consent of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP relating to the validity of the securities issued in the Offering
is filed herewith as Exhibit 5.1.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
January 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

On
January 9, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished
as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K.

1

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

5.1 Opinion of Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

10.1* Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

99.1 Press release of DatChat, Inc. dated January 8, 2025

99.2 Press release of DatChat, Inc. dated January 9, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* The schedules
(and similar attachments) to this exhibit have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The Company
agrees to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedule (or similar attachment) to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon
request

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 10, 2025 DATCHAT, INC.

By: /s/ Darin
Myman

Name: Darin Myman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022723101ex4-1_datchat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED
HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT FOR A PERIOD
OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING JANUARY 9, 2025, WHICH IS THE COMMENCEMENT DATE OF SALES IN THE OFFERING (THE EFFECTIVE DATE)
TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC, OR AN UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING (THE OFFERING),
OR (II) THE BONA FIDE OFFICERS OR PARTNERS, REGISTERED PERSONS OR AFFILIATES OF BENCHMARK COMPANY LLC OR ANY SUCH AN UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED
DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR
TO JULY 9, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, JANUARY 9, 2030.

DATCHAT, INC.

PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT

For the Purchase of 60,000 Shares
of Common Stock

1. Placement Agent Common
Stock Purchase Warrant. This Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Purchase Warrant) certifies that,
for value received, The Benchmark Company, LLC (Holder or Benchmark), or its assigns, is entitled,
at any time on or after July 9, 2025 (the Commencement Date), and at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, January 9,
2030 (the Expiration Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part from
DatChat, Inc., a Nevada corporaion (the Company), up to 60,000 shares (the Warrant Shares) of
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) of the Company, subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 6 hereof. If the Expiration Date is not a business day, then this Purchase Warrant may be exercised on the next succeeding business
day in accordance with the terms herein. During the period commencing on the Commencement Date and ending on the Expiration Date, the
Company agrees not to take any action that would terminate this Purchase Warrant. The Exercise Price of this Purchase Warrant is initially
$4.25 per Share, equal to 100% of offering price of the shares of Common Stock sold in the offering; provided, however,
that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Warrant, including the
exercise price per Share and the number of Warrant Shares to be received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. The
term Exercise Price shall mean the initial exercise price as provided for above or the adjusted exercise price, depending
on the context. The term business day shall mean a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day which is a
federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or
other governmental action to close, provided that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated
to be closed due to a shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar closure of physical location at
the direction of any governmental authority if the banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open
for use by customers on such day. This Purchase Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain engagement letter, dated as of January 7, 2025,
by and between the Company and Benchmark.

2. Exercise.

2.1 Exercise
Form. In order to exercise this Purchase Warrant, the notice of exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed
and delivered to the Company, together with this Purchase Warrant and, unless exercised pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, payment of the
Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares being purchased payable in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
by the Company or by certified check or official bank check. If the Purchase Warrant is not exercised at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern
time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase Warrant shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all rights represented
hereby shall cease and expire. Each exercise hereof shall be irrevocable.

2.2 Cashless
Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Purchase Warrant by payment of cash or check payable to the order of the Company pursuant to
Section 2.1 above, Holder may elect to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the value of this Purchase Warrant (or the portion
thereof being exercised), by surrender of this Purchase Warrant to the Company, together with the exercise form attached hereto, in which
event the Company will issue to Holder a number of Warrant Shares in accordance with the following formula:

X = Y(A-B)

A

Where,

X = The number of Warrant Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant
if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.;

A = as applicable, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock determined as follows: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the date of the applicable exercise form if such exercise form is

(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2.2 hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of
Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Exercise Form or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal
Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Exercise Form if such Exercise
Form is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, which Bid
Price shall be shown on supporting documents provided by the Holder to the Company within two Trading Days of delivery of the exercise
form, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable exercise form if the date of such exercise form is a Trading Day and such exercise
form is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day; and

B = The Exercise Price.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets published
by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid
price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the daily
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date), or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

Trading Day means a day on which the New York
Stock Exchange is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

2.3 Legend.
Unless the Warrant Shares purchased under this Purchase Warrant have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), each certificate for such Share shall bear the following legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR
APPLICABLE STATE LAW. NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
AND APPLICABLE STATE LAW WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY, IS AVAILABLE.

3. Transfer.

3.1 General
Restrictions. The registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant agrees by his, her or its acceptance hereof, that such Holder will not:
(a) sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate this Purchase Warrant for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the Effective
Date to anyone other than: (i) Benchmark or an underwriter or a selected dealer participating in the Offering, or (ii) the bona fide officers
or partners, registered persons or affiliates of Benchmark or of any such underwriter or selected dealer, in each case in accordance with
FINRA Conduct Rule 5110(e), and (b) cause this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder to be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of this Purchase Warrant or the
securities hereunder, except as provided for in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). On and after 180 days after the Effective Date, transfers to others
may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder
must deliver to the Company the assignment form attached hereto duly executed and completed, together with the Purchase Warrant and payment
of all transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five (5) business days transfer this Purchase
Warrant on the books of the Company and shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant or Purchase Warrants of like tenor to the appropriate
assignee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder or such portion of
such number as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

3.2 Restrictions
Imposed by the Act. The securities evidenced by this Purchase Warrant shall not be transferred unless and until: (i) if required by
applicable law, the Company has received the opinion of counsel for the Company that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an
exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or (ii) a registration statement or a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the offer and sale of such securities has been filed by the Company and declared effective
by the Commission and compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

4. Reserved.

5. New Purchase Warrants
to be Issued.

5.1 Partial
Exercise or Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Warrant may be exercised or assigned in whole
or in part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Warrant for cancellation,
together with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax if exercised
pursuant to Section 2.1 hereto, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Warrant of like tenor
to this Purchase Warrant in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder as to which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised or assigned.

3

5.2 Lost
Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Purchase
Warrant and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, determined in the sole discretion of the Company, the
Company shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant of like tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Warrant executed and delivered
as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

6. Adjustments.

6.1 Adjustments
to Exercise Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares underlying the Purchase Warrant shall
be subject to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth provided that the Exercise Price shall not be adjusted such that it
would result in the Warrant Shares being issued at a price below their par value.

6.1.1 Share
Dividends; Split Ups. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in Common Stock or by a split up of the Common Stock or other similar event,
then, on the effective day thereof, the number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall be increased in proportion to such increase
in outstanding shares of Common Stock, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately decreased.

6.1.2 Aggregation
of Shares. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective
date thereof, the number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares
of Common Stock, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased.

6.1.3 Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
other than a change covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of the Common Stock, or in the case
of any share reconstruction or amalgamation or consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation
or share reconstruction or amalgamation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property
of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Purchase
Warrant shall have the right thereafter (until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Warrant) to receive upon the exercise
hereof, for the same aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of shares of stock
or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, share reconstruction or amalgamation,
or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in the Common
Stock covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 6.1.1, 6.1.2 and this Section 6.1.3.
The provisions of this Section 6.1.3 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, share reconstructions or
amalgamations, or consolidations, sales or other transfers.

6.1.4 Changes
in Form of Purchase Warrant. This form of Purchase Warrant need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section 6.1,
and Purchase Warrants issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Warrant Shares as are stated in
the Purchase Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new Purchase Warrants
reflecting a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date
or the computation thereof.

4

6.2 Substitute
Purchase Warrant. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or share reconstruction or amalgamation or merger of the Company
with or into, another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation or merger which does not result
in any reclassification or change of the outstanding shares of Common Stock), the corporation formed by such consolidation or share reconstruction
or amalgamation shall execute and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Warrant providing that the holder of each Purchase Warrant
then outstanding or to be outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase Warrant) to receive,
upon exercise of such Purchase Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such
consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation, by a holder of the number of Common Stock for which such Purchase Warrant might
have been exercised immediately prior to such consolidation, share reconstruction or amalgamation or merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental
Purchase Warrant shall provide for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided for in this Section 6. The above provision
of this Section shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or share reconstructions or amalgamations or mergers.

6.3 Elimination
of Fractional Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of the Purchase Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the
intent of the parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case may be, to the
nearest whole number of Warrant Shares or other securities, properties or rights.

7. Reservation and Listing.
The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon
exercise of the Purchase Warrants, such number of Warrant Shares or other securities, properties or rights as shall be issuable upon the
exercise thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants and payment of the Exercise Price therefor,
in accordance with the terms hereby, all Warrant Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to pre-emptive rights of any shareholder.

8. Certain Notice Requirements.

8.1 Holders
Right to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or consent or to receive
notice as a shareholder for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the
Company. If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of the Purchase Warrants and their exercise, any of the events described in
Section 8.2 shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall deliver to each Holder a copy of each notice relating
to such events given to the other shareholders of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the
shareholders.

8.2 Events
Requiring Notice. The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 8 upon one or more of the following events:
(i) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend or distribution
payable otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained earnings, as indicated by the
accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company;(ii) the Company shall offer to all the holders of its
Common Stock any additional shares of capital stock of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital
stock of the Company, or any option, right or warrant to subscribe therefor or (iii) a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company
(other than in connection with a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property,
assets and business shall be proposed.

8.3 Notice
of Change in Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section
6 hereof, send notice to the Holder of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall describe the
event causing the change and the method of calculating same.

5

8.4 Transmittal
of Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Warrant shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly made when hand delivered, mailed by express mail or private courier service or sent via email: (i) if to the
registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant, to the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the Company, or (ii) if to the Company,
to following address or to such other address as the Company may designate by notice to the Holder:

DatChat, Inc.

204 Neilson Street,

New Brunswick, NJ 08901

Attention: Darin Myman, Chief Executive
Officer

Email: dmyman@datchats.com

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Amendments.
The Company and Benchmark may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Warrant without the approval of any of other holders
of any other Purchase Warrants issued pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement
any provision contained herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions
in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that the Company and Benchmark may jointly deem necessary or desirable in their discretion.

9.2 Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Warrant.

9.3. Entire Agreement.
This Purchase Warrant constitutes the entire agreement of the Company and the Holder with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior promises, agreements and understandings, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.4 Binding
Effect. This Purchase Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the Company and their
permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Warrant or any provisions herein contained.

9.5 Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Purchase Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any
action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Purchase Warrant shall be brought and enforced in
the courts located in New York, New York, or in the United States District Court located in New York, New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a
copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section
8 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim.
The Company and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and the Holder hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any
legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.6 Waiver,
etc. The failure of the Company or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall not be deemed
or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Warrant or any provision hereof
or the right of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Warrant. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non- fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall be effective unless set forth in a written
instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Warrant to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

DATCHAT, INC.

By: 

Name: Darin Myman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: DatChat, Inc., Date: ,
20

The undersigned
hereby elects irrevocably to exercise the Purchase Warrant for [] shares (the Shares) of common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share, of DatChat, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and hereby makes payment of $[]
(at the rate of $[] per Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the Shares as to which this Purchase
Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant representing the number
of Shares for which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

or

The undersigned hereby elects irrevocably
to convert its right to purchase [] Shares of the Company under the Purchase Warrant for [] Shares, as determined in accordance
with the following formula:

X = Y(A-B)

A

Where,

X = The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A = The Fair Market Value of one Share (which is equal to $[]); and

B = The Exercise Price (which is equal to $[] per Share)

The undersigned
agrees and acknowledges that the calculation set forth above is subject to confirmation by the Company and any disagreement with respect
to the calculation shall be resolved by the Company in its sole discretion. Please issue the Shares as to which this Purchase Warrant
is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant representing the number of Shares
for which this Purchase Warrant has not been converted.

Signature

Signature Guaranteed

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES 

Name: 

(Print in Block Letters) 

Address: 

NOTICE: The signature to this form
must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Purchase Warrant without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever,
and must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm having membership on a registered national
securities exchange.

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered Holder
to effect a transfer of the within Purchase Warrant):

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, does hereby sell, assign and transfer unto the right to purchase shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of DatChat,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), evidenced by the Purchase Warrant to and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company.

Dated: ,
20

Signature

Signature Guaranteed

NOTICE: The
signature to this form must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within Purchase Warrant without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm having membership
on a registered national securities exchange.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022723101ex5-1_datchat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF SHEPPARD, MULLIN, RICHTER & HAMPTON LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Sheppard,
Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

30
Rockefeller Plaza

New
York, New York 10112-0015

212.653.8700
main

212.653.8701
fax

www.sheppardmullin.com

January
10, 2025

VIA
EDGAR

DatChat,
Inc.

204
Neilson Street

New
Brunswick, NJ 08901

Re:
Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to DatChat, Inc. (the Company), a Nevada corporation in connection with the offering for sale of
1,200,000 (the Shares) of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), pursuant
to the Registration Statement (as defined below) and the Prospectus (as defined below). Unless defined herein, capitalized terms have
the meanings given to them in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the "Securities Purchase Agreement"), dated January
8, 2025, by and among the Company and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto (the Purchasers), relating
to the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares.

This
opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5)(i) of Regulation S-K.

In
connection with this opinion, we have reviewed and relied upon the following:

the
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268058) initially filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 28, 2022 under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (including any documents incorporated
by reference therein, the Registration Statement, and the related prospectus
included in such Registration Statement at the time it became effective on December 6, 2022
(including any documents incorporated by reference therein, the Base Prospectus));

the
prospectus supplement, which includes the Base Prospectus, filed on January 8, 2025 pursuant
to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, which is referred to as the Prospectus;

the
Securities Purchase Agreement;

the
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company in effect on the date hereof;

the
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company in effect on the date hereof;

the
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, adopted on January 7, 2025 authorizing/ratifying
the execution and delivery of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the issuance and sale of
the Shares and the preparation and filing of the Prospectus, and other actions with regard
thereto; and

such
other documents, records, certificates, memoranda and other instruments as we deem necessary
as a basis for this opinion.

In
our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, including endorsements, the legal capacity and competency of all
natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents
submitted to us as facsimile, electronic, certified or photocopy, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any facts
relevant to the opinions stated herein that we did not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations
of officers and other representatives of the Company and others and of public officials.

Based
upon the foregoing and subject to the qualifications and assumptions stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly
authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the Company under the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS) and,
when the Shares are delivered to and paid for by the Purchasers in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and
when evidence of the issuance thereof is duly recorded in the Companys books and records, the Shares will be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the
date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under
the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of
persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder
or Item 509 of Regulation S-K.

We
express no opinion as to matters governed by any laws other than the NRS.

We
disclaim any obligation to advise you of facts, circumstances, events or developments that hereafter may be brought to our attention
and that may alter, affect or modify the opinion expressed herein. Our opinion is expressly limited to the matters set forth above and
we render no opinion, whether by implication or otherwise, as to any other matters relating to the Company or the Shares.

Respectfully
submitted,

/s/
Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

SHEPPARD,
MULLIN, RICHTER & HAMPTON LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022723101ex10-1_datchat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 8, 2025, between DatChat, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.4.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Closing
Statement means the Closing Statement in the form on Annex A attached hereto.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP, with offices located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, consultants or directors of the
Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of
Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to
the Company, (b) warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the warrants to the Placement Agent, if applicable, and/or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange
of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) hereto, provided that such securities
have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144), and
carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person)
which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business
of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

2

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors and executive
officers of the Company.

Lucosky
Brookman means Lucosky Brookman LLP, with offices located at 101 S. Wood Ave Iselin, NJ 08830.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $4.25, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

3

Placement
Agent means The Benchmark Company, LLC, 150 East 58th St, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10155.

Pro
Rata Portion shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.9(e).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-268058 which registers the sale of the Shares
to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

4

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States
dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means West Coast Stock Transfer, Inc., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 721 N. Vulcan
Ave., First Floor, Encinitas, CA 92024.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10(b).

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase,
up to an aggregate of $5,100,000 of Shares. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed
by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee. The
Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth
in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing
shall occur at the offices of Lucosky Brookman LLP or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed
by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on
the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer
Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent
shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent
(or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after
the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior
to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), if such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Common
Stock to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser
shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally
bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser at the
Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys
receipt of the Subscription Amount for such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; provided, further, that the Company hereby acknowledges
and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not such Purchaser
will elect to sell any Pre-Settlement Shares during the Pre-Settlement Period. The decision to sell any shares of Common Stock
will be made in the sole discretion of such Purchaser from time to time, including during the Pre-Settlement Period.

5

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Placement Agent and Purchasers;

(iii) subject
to the last sentence of Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company
letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject
to the last sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver
on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal
to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) on
the date hereof, the duly executed Lock-Up Agreements; and

(vi) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company
or its designee.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

6

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Shares at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them
in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

7

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.3 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s) to
each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and (iv) such
filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Shares; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company
has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement.
The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became
effective on December 6, 2022 (the Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements
thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and
no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus
has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened
by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement
and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to
the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments
or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed
and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form
S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate
market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth
in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees
pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
There are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of
the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board
of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or
other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the
Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

9

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and
regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event,
liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect
to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that
would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made
that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

10

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their
relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

11

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder
(Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of
any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

12

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires
or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by
the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

13

(t) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or
other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with
respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section
that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will not be or
be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their
obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Shares and the Purchasers ownership of the Shares.

14

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus
Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company
and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this
Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares to
be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that
will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of
the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

15

(bb) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis
for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(cc) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge and belief
of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express
its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2024. 

(ee) 
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

16

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.12 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Shares for any specified term; (ii) past
or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Shares are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company
acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of
the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of
the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection
with the placement of the Shares.

(hh) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

17

(ii) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(jj) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(kk) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ll) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(mm) Regulations;
Compliance.

(i) Export
and Import Controls. The Company and, to the Companys knowledge, each of its affiliates and each director, officer, agent
or employee of, or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company, has acted at all times in compliance in all material
respects with applicable Export and Import Laws (as defined below) and there are no claims, complaints, charges, investigations or proceedings
pending or expected or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any governmental
authority under any Export or Import Laws. The term Export and Import Laws means the Export Administration Regulations
(15 C.F.R. 730 et seq.), the Customs Laws of the United States (19 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), any executive orders or regulations issued
pursuant to the foregoing or by the agencies listed in Part 730 of the Export Administration Regulations , and all other laws and regulations
of the United States government regulating the provision of services to non-U.S. parties or the export and import of articles or information
from and to the United States of America, and all similar laws and regulations of any foreign government regulating the provision of
services to parties not of the foreign country or the export and import of articles and information from and to the foreign country to
parties not of the foreign country.

18

(ii) Regulatory
Filings and Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries have such permits, licenses, clearances, registrations, exemptions, patents,
franchises, certificates of need and other approvals, consents and other authorizations (Permits) issued by the appropriate
domestic or foreign regional, federal, state, or local regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business of the Company
(collectively, the Regulatory Permits), except for any of the foregoing that would not reasonably be expected to, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change; the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the
Regulatory Permits, and all of such Regulatory Permits are valid and in full force and effect; the Company has not received any notice
of proceedings relating to the revocation, termination, modification or impairment of rights of any of the Regulatory Permits that, individually
or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change; the Company has not failed to make any submission or filing necessary to conduct the business of the Company, any such
filings that were required to be made were in material compliance with applicable laws when filed, and no material deficiencies have
been asserted with respect to any such filings or submissions that were made.

(iii) Cybersecurity.
The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material
respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and,
to the knowledge of the Company, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies,
procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy
and security of all IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal
Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number
or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account
number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission
Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health
information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (v) any other piece of information that allows the identification
of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons
health or sexual orientation. There have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for
those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal
review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable
laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority,
internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

19

(iv) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with all applicable
state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA (to the extent applicable), and
the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU
2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its Subsidiaries
have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies
and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal
Data (the Policies). The Company and its Subsidiaries have, to the knowledge of the Company, at all times made all disclosures
to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained
in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements
in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential
liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition
that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any
investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement
that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

20

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Shares (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is either: (i) an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or
(ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Shares,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and
the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of
operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the
Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the
Shares nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Shares and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance
of the Shares to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary
to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material pricing
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

21

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Furnishing
of Information. Until the time that no Purchaser owns Shares, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.2 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations
of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of
the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and
agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing
any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue
any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press
release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent
shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall
promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any
regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities
law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required
by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted
under this clause (b).

4.4 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Shares under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

22

4.5 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information
to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any
duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or
Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates
not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law.
To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company.

4.6 Use
of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of
the Shares hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys
debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or
OFAC regulations.

4.7 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

23

4.8 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue
Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.9 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares
on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the
Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares,
and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly
as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a
Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules
of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository
Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.10 Legends.
The Shares shall be issued free of legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement is not effective or is
not otherwise available for the sale of the Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that
such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is
effective again and available for the sale of the Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability
of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

4.11 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into
any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (including
by means of any exchange or cancellation of existing securities, pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) or otherwise), (ii) reduce the conversion
ratio of any outstanding indebtedness or (iii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other
than the Prospectus or the filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee compensation plan. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may file a post-effective registration statement to an existing a resale registration statement that has been
declared effective prior to the date hereof.

(b) From
the date hereof until the six (6) months anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which
the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some
future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly
or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market facility, whereby the
Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been
issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, the entry into and/or issuance of
shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable
Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which
remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

24

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Document. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right
granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers
as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Shares or otherwise.

4.13 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time
that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.3. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3,
such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure
Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company
expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage
in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first
publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited
from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time
that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.3 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to
the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.3. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement.

4.14 Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend
the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party
to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific
performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

25

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such
termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes
and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 67% in interest of the Shares based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts
a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be
required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a
continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof,
nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any
proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative
to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser.
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Shares and the Company.

26

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Shares, by the
provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the
Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof
be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the
obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

27

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original
thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14 Replacement
of Shares. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue
or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution
therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft
or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party
costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

28

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or
any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
Lucosky Brookman. Lucosky Brookman does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has
elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it
was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this
Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the
Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

DATCHAT, INC. Address for Notice:

By: E-Mail:

Name: Darin Myman Fax: 

Title: Chief Executive Officers 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Richard A. Friedman, Esq. 

Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP 

30 Rockefeller Plaza 

New York, NY 10112 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

30

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO DATS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Shares to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

EIN
Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing
contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed
of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead
be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

31
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022723101ex99-1_datchat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF DATCHAT, INC. DATED JANUARY 8, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

DatChat, Inc. Announces Pricing of $5.1 Million
Registered Direct

Offering Priced At-The Market Under Nasdaq Rules

New Brunswick, NJ, Jan. 8, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
DatChat, Inc. (Nasdaq: DATS) (DatChat or the Company), a secure messaging, social media, and metaverse
company, today announced that it has entered into securities purchase agreements with certain institutional investors for the purchase
and sale of an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $4.25 per share in a registered direct offering priced
at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. The offering is expected to close on or about January 10, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary
closing conditions.

The Benchmark Company, LLC is acting as the sole
placement agent for the offering.

The gross proceeds from the offering are expected
to be approximately $5.1 million, prior to deducting offering expenses payable by DatChat. DatChat intends to use the net proceeds from
the offering for working capital and general corporate expenses.

The securities were offered by the Company pursuant
to an effective "shelf" registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268058), which was filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 28, 2022, as amended on November 18, 2022, and declared effective by the SEC on December
6, 2022, and the accompanying prospectus contained therein.

A prospectus
supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available
on the SECs website located at http://www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the prospectus supplement may be obtained, when
available, by contacting The Benchmark Company, LLC, 150 East 58th Street, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10155, by email
at prospectus@benchmarkcompany.com, or by calling +1 (212)-312-6700. Before investing in this offering, interested parties should read
in their entirety the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that the Company has filed with
the SEC that are incorporated by reference in such final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide more information
about the Company and such offering.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About DatChat, Inc. 

DatChat, Inc. is a secure messaging, metaverse,
and social media company that not only focuses on protecting privacy on personal devices, but also protects user information after it
is shared with others. The DatChat Messenger & Private Social Network presents technology that allows users to change how long their
messages can be viewed before or after users send them, prevents screenshots, and hides encrypted photos in plain sight on camera rolls.
DatChat's patented technology offers users a traditional texting experience while providing control and security for their messages. With
the DatChat Messenger, a user can decide how long their messages last on a recipient's device, while feeling secure that at any time,
they can delete individual messages or entire message threads, making it like the conversation never happened.

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

The information contained herein includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking statements generally include statements that are predictive in nature and depend upon or refer to
future events or conditions, and include words such as "may," "will," "should," "would," "expect,"
"plan," "believe," "intend," "look forward," and other similar expressions among others. These
statements relate to future events or to the Companys future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause the Companys actual results to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond the Companys
control and which could, and likely will, materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Any forward-looking
statement reflects the Companys current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties
and assumptions relating to the Companys operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. More detailed information
about the Company and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements is set forth in the Companys
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors and security holders are
urged to read these documents free of charge on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov. Except as may be required by applicable
law, The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the
reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

Contact:

ir@datchats.com

800-658-8081
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022723101ex99-2_datchat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF DATCHAT, INC. DATED JANUARY 9, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

DatChat, Inc. Announces Closing of $5.1 Million
Registered Direct

Offering Priced At-The Market Under Nasdaq Rules

New Brunswick, NJ, Jan. 9, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
DatChat, Inc. (Nasdaq: DATS) (DatChat or the Company), a secure messaging, social media, and metaverse
company, today announced the closing of its previously announced registered direct offering priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules of
an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $4.25 per share.

The Benchmark Company, LLC acted as the sole placement
agent for the offering.

The gross proceeds from the offering were approximately
$5.1 million, prior to deducting offering expenses payable by DatChat. DatChat intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working
capital and general corporate expenses.

The securities were offered by the Company pursuant
to an effective "shelf" registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268058), which was filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 28, 2022, as amended on November 18, 2022, and declared effective by the SEC on December
6, 2022, and the accompanying prospectus contained therein.

A prospectus
supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the proposed offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on
the SECs website located at http://www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the prospectus supplement may be obtained by contacting
The Benchmark Company, LLC, 150 East 58th Street, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10155, by email at prospectus@benchmarkcompany.com,
or by calling +1 (212)-312-6700. Before investing in this offering, interested parties should read in their entirety the final prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that the Company has filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference
in such final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide more information about the Company and such offering.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About DatChat, Inc. 

DatChat, Inc. is a secure messaging, metaverse,
and social media company that not only focuses on protecting privacy on personal devices, but also protects user information after it
is shared with others. The DatChat Messenger & Private Social Network presents technology that allows users to change how long their
messages can be viewed before or after users send them, prevents screenshots, and hides encrypted photos in plain sight on camera rolls.
DatChat's patented technology offers users a traditional texting experience while providing control and security for their messages. With
the DatChat Messenger, a user can decide how long their messages last on a recipient's device, while feeling secure that at any time,
they can delete individual messages or entire message threads, making it like the conversation never happened.

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

The information contained herein includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking statements generally include statements that are predictive in nature and depend upon or refer to
future events or conditions, and include words such as "may," "will," "should," "would," "expect,"
"plan," "believe," "intend," "look forward," and other similar expressions among others. These
statements relate to future events or to the Companys future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause the Companys actual results to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond the Companys
control and which could, and likely will, materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Any forward-looking
statement reflects the Companys current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties
and assumptions relating to the Companys operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. More detailed information
about the Company and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements is set forth in the Companys
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors and security holders are
urged to read these documents free of charge on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov. Except as may be required by applicable
law, The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the
reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

Contact:

ir@datchats.com

800-658-8081
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>dats-20250108.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>dats-20250108_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>dats-20250108_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, $0.0001 par value 

Series A Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.98 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>dats-20250108_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 08, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40729

Entity Registrant Name DATCHAT,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001648960

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-2502264

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 204
Neilson Street

Entity Address, City or Town New
Brunswick

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 08901

City Area Code 732

Local Phone Number 374-3529

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, $0.0001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.0001 par
value

Trading Symbol DATS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Series A Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.98 

Title of 12(b) Security Series
A Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.98

Trading Symbol DATSW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DATS_CommonStock0.0001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DATS_SeriesWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf4.98Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://datchat.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dats-20250108.xsd 
dats-20250108_def.xml 
dats-20250108_lab.xml 
dats-20250108_pre.xml 
ea0227231-8k_datchat.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-002258-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ea0227231-8k_datchat_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001648960 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

0001648960 

DATS:CommonStock0.0001ParValueMember 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

0001648960 

DATS:SeriesWarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf4.98Member 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001648960 
8-K 
2025-01-08 
DATCHAT, INC. 
NV 
001-40729 
47-2502264 
204 Neilson Street 
New Brunswick 
NJ 
08901 
732 
374-3529 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value 
DATS 
NASDAQ 
Series A Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $4.98 
DATSW 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>