<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-001169.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-001169.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103110058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-001169
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Manitex International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001302028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				421628978
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32401
		FILM NUMBER:		25504303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9725 INDUSTRIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			BRIDGEVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60455
		BUSINESS PHONE:		708-430-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9725 INDUSTRIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			BRIDGEVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60455

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Veri-Tek International, Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040831
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d863200d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001302028--12-3100013020282025-01-022025-01-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 2, 2025

MANITEX INTERNATIONAL, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Michigan 001-32401 42-1628978

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

9725 Industrial Drive, Bridgeview, Illinois60455

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(708)430-7500

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, no par value MNTX The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed in connection with the closing on January 2, 2025, of the transaction contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 12, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Manitex International, Inc., a Michigan corporation (the Company), Tadano Ltd., a Japanese corporation (Tadano), and Lift SPC Inc., a Michigan corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Tadano (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, on January 2, 2025, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation). As a result of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tadano. 

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

In connection with the Merger, on January 2, 2025, the Company terminated all commitments and repaid all amounts outstanding under that certain Commercial Credit Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, as amended, by and among the Company, Manitex, Inc., Manitex, LLC, Crane and Machinery, Inc., Crane and Machinery Leasing, Inc., Manitex Sabre Inc., Badger Equipment Company, Rabern Holdco, Inc. and Rabern Rentals, LLC, and Amarillo National Bank, as lender. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.02. 

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

As a result of the Merger, each share of the Companys common stock, no par value (Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), other than shares of Common Stock owned by Tadano, Merger Sub or the Company or their respective subsidiaries (Excluded Shares), was converted into the right to receive cash in the amount of $5.80 per share, without interest, less any required withholding taxes (the Merger Consideration). Each Excluded Share owned by Tadano or any subsidiary thereof remained outstanding as a share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation. Each other Excluded Share was cancelled and no consideration will be payable therefor. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time: 

Restricted stock units (Company RSUs) outstanding immediately before the Effective Time were automatically vested in full and converted into the right to receive a cash payment, without interest, less any required withholding taxes, equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of common stock underlying such Company RSU multiplied by (ii) the Merger Consideration. 

Performance stock units outstanding immediately before the Effective Time were automatically cancelled without any cash payment or other consideration. 

Stock options (Company Options) outstanding immediately before the Effective Time were automatically vested in full and converted into the right to receive a cash payment, without interest, less any required withholding taxes, equal to (i) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price of the Company Option multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of common stock underlying such Company Option. If the exercise price per share of the Company Option was equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration, then such Company Option was cancelled without any cash payment or other consideration. 

The description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger contained in this Item 2.01 does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 12, 2024, and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 1.02, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. 

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

In connection with the completion of the Merger, the Company notified the NASDAQ Capital Market (NASDAQ) that, effective on that date, each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration and requested that NASDAQ (i) suspend the Common Stock from trading effective as of the open of trading on January 2, 2025, (ii) remove the Common Stock from listing on NASDAQ and (iii) file with the SEC a notification of removal from listing and registration on Form 25 to effect the delisting of Common Stock from NASDAQ and the deregistration of Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In 

addition, the Surviving Corporation intends to file a Form 15 with the SEC requesting the termination of registration of Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to Common Stock. 

The information set forth above in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

At the Effective Time, each holder of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a shareholder of the Company (other than the rights of holders of Common Stock to receive the Merger Consideration described under Item 2.01 above). 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

Item 5.01. 

Change in Control of Registrant. 

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Surviving Corporation became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tadano. 

The information set forth above in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Effective upon the consummation of the Merger, each of Ronald M. Clark, J. Michael Coffey, Takashi Fukui, Frederick B. Knox, David J. Langevin and Stephen J. Tober resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) and from any and all committees of the Board on which they served and ceased to be directors of the Company, and the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time were appointed as directors of the Company. 

In addition, effective upon the consummation of the Merger, each of J. Michael Coffey, David J. Langevin and Joseph Doolan ceased to be executive officers of the Company. 

The information set forth above in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Changes in Fiscal Year. 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, effective as of the Effective Time, the articles of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation were amended and restated in their entirety, and the Bylaws of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time became the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. A copy of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation are filed herewith as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

The information set forth above in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On January 2, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the consummation of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 12, 2024, by and among Tadano Ltd., Lift SPC Inc. and Manitex International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2024) 

3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Manitex International, Inc., dated January 2, 2025 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Manitex International, Inc., as adopted on January 2, 2025 

99.1 Press release dated January 2, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

The Company has omitted schedules and other similar attachments to such agreement pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish a copy of such omitted documents to the SEC upon request; provided, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedules or documents so furnished. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

MANITEX INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: 

/S/ JOSEPH DOOLAN

Name: Joseph Doolan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 3, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d863200dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1

CSCL/CD-510 (Rev. 09/21) 

MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT OF LICENSING AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS

CORPORATIONS, SECURITIES &
COMMERCIAL LICENSING BUREAU

Date Received

(FOR BUREAU USE ONLY)

This document is effective on the date filed, unless a subsequent effective date within 90 days
after received date is stated in the document.

Name 

Address 

City State ZIP Code 

EFFECTIVE DATE: January 2, 2025

Document will be returned to the name and address you enter above. If left blank, document will be returned to the registered office. 

RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

For use by Domestic Profit Corporations 

(Please
read information and instructions on the last page) 

Pursuant to the provisions of Act 284, Public Acts of 1972, the undersigned execute the
following Articles: 

1. The present name of the corporation is: 

Manitex International,
Inc. 

2. The identification number assigned by the Bureau is: 

800625777

3. The former name(s) of the corporation are: 

Veri-Tek International, Corp. 

Quantum-Veritek, Inc. 

4. The date of filing the original Articles of Incorporation was: October 17,
2003 

The following Restated Articles of Incorporation supersede the Articles of Incorporation as amended and shall be the
Articles of Incorporation for the corporation:

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is: 

Manitex International, Inc. 

ARTICLE II

The purpose or purposes for which the corporation is formed are: 

to engage in any activity within the purposes for which corporations may be formed under the Michigan Business Corporation Act. 

ARTICLE III

The total authorized shares:

1. Common Shares
1,000 
Preferred Shares 

A statement of all or any of the relative rights, preferences
and limitations of the shares of each class is as follows:

ARTICLE IV

1. The name of the resident agent: C T Corporation
System 

2. The street address of the registered office is:

40600 Ann Arbor Road East, Suite 201,
Plymouth , Michigan
48170 

(Street Address)
(City)
(Zip
Code)

3. The mailing address of the registered office, if different than above:

, Michigan 

(Street Address or P.O. Box)
(City)
(Zip Code)

ARTICLE V (Optional. Delete if not applicable)

Any action required or permitted under the Act to be taken at an annual or special meeting of shareholders may be taken without a
meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote, if consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by the holders of outstanding shares that have at least the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take
the action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on the action were present and voted. A written consent shall bear the date of signature of the shareholder that signs the consent. Written consents are not effective to take corporate
action unless within 60 days after the record date for determining shareholders entitled to express consent to or to dissent from a proposal without a meeting, written consents dated not more than 10 days before the record date and signed by a
sufficient number of shareholders to take the action are delivered to the corporation. Delivery shall be to the corporations registered office, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation that has custody of the
minutes of the proceedings of its shareholders. Delivery made to a corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 

Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to
shareholders that would have been entitled to notice of the shareholder meeting if the action had been taken at a meeting and that have not consented to the action in writing. An electronic transmission consenting to an action must comply with
Section 407(3). 

ARTICLE VI (Additional provision, if any, may be inserted here; attach additional pages if needed).

No director of the corporation shall be personally liable to the corporation or its shareholders for money damages for any action taken,
or any failure to take any action, except liability for any of the following: (1) the amount of a financial benefit received by a director to which he or she is not entitled; (2) intentional infliction of harm on the corporation or its
shareholders; (3) a violation of section 551 of the Michigan Business Corporation Act (MBCA); or (4) an intentional violation of criminal law. If the MBCA is hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the
liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the corporation, in addition to the limitation on personal liability contained herein, shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by the MBCA as so amended. No amendment to,
modification of or repeal of this Article VII shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment,
modification or repeal. 

5. COMPLETE SECTION (a) IF THE RESTATED ARTICLES WERE ADOPTED BY THE UNANIMOUS
CONSENT OF THE INCORPORATOR(S) BEFORE THE FIRST MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, OTHERWISE, COMPLETE SECTION (b). DO NOT COMPLETE BOTH. 

a. These Restated Articles of Incorporation were duly adopted on the
day 

of ,
, in accordance with the provisions of 

Section 642 of the Act by the unanimous consent of the incorporator(s) before the first meeting of the Board of Directors. 

Signed this day of
, 

(Signatures of Incorporators; Type or Print Name
Under Each Signature)

b. These Restated Articles of Incorporation were duly adopted on the Second day of 

January , 2025 
, in accordance with the provisions of 

Section 642 of the Act: (check one of the following) 

by the Board of Directors without a vote of the shareholders. These Restated Articles of Incorporation only restate and integrate and do not further amend the
provisions of the Articles of Incorporation as heretofore amended and there is no material discrepancy between those provisions and the provisions of these Restated Articles. 

by the shareholders at a meeting in accordance with section 611(3) of the Act. 

were duly adopted by the written consent of the shareholders that have at least the minimum number of votes required by statute in accordance with
Section 407(1) of the Act. Written notice to shareholders that have not consented in writing has been given. (Note: Written consent by less than all of the shareholders is permitted only if such provision appears in the Articles of
Incorporation.) 

were duly adopted by the written consent of the shareholders entitled to vote in accordance with section 407(2) of the Act. 

by the Board of Directors of a profit corporation pursuant to Section 611(2) of the Act. 

Signed this 26th day of
December , 2024 

By /s/ Michael
Coffey 

(Signature of an authorized officer or agent) 

Michael
Coffey 

(Type or Print Name)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d863200dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2

BYLAWS 

OF 

MANITEX INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

DATED EFFECTIVE JANUARY 2, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Article I Offices 1 

1.1 Registered Office 1 

1.2 Other Offices 1 

Article II Shareholders 1 

2.1 Place of Meetings 1 

2.2 Annual Meeting 1 

2.3 List of Shareholders 1 

2.4 Special Meetings 2 

2.5 Notice 2 

2.6 Quorum 2 

2.7 Voting 2 

2.8 Method of Voting 2 

2.9 Record Date; Closing Transfer Books 3 

2.10 Action by Consent 3 

2.11 Issuance of Shares 3 

Article III Board of Directors 4 

3.1 Management 4 

3.2 Qualifications; Election; Term 4 

3.3 Number 4 

3.4 Removal 4 

3.5 Vacancies 4 

3.6 Place of Meetings 4 

3.7 Annual Meeting 4 

3.8 Regular Meetings 4 

3.9 Special Meetings 5 

3.10 Quorum 5 

3.11 Interested Directors 5 

3.12 Committees 5 

3.13 Action by Consent 5 

3.14 Compensation of Directors 6 

ii 

Article IV Notice 6 

4.1 Form of Notice 6 

4.2 Waiver 6 

Article V Officers and Agents 6 

5.1 General 6 

5.2 Election 6 

5.3 Other Officers and Agents 6 

5.4 Compensation 6 

5.5 Term of Office and Removal 7 

5.6 Employment and Other Contracts 7 

5.7 Chairman of the Board of Directors 7 

5.8 President 7 

5.9 Vice-Presidents 7 

5.10 Secretary 7 

5.11 Assistant Secretaries 8 

5.12 Treasurer 8 

5.13 Assistant Treasurers 8 

5.14 Bonding 8 

Article VI Capital Stock 8 

6.1 Uncertificated Shares 8 

6.2 Transfer of Shares 8 

6.3 Registered Shareholders 8 

Article VII General Provisions 8 

7.1 Dividends 8 

7.2 Reserves 9 

7.3 Telephone and Similar Meetings 9 

7.4 Books and Records 9 

7.5 Fiscal Year 9 

7.6 Seal 9 

7.7 Indemnification 9 

7.8 Advice of Counsel; Indemnification Permitted by Law 10 

7.9 Advances of Expenses 10 

7.10 Scope of Indemnification Rights 10 

7.11 Insurance 10 

7.12 Resignation 11 

iii 

7.13 Amendment of Bylaws 11 

7.14 Invalid Provisions 11 

7.15 Relation to Articles of Incorporation 11 

iv 

BYLAWS 

OF 

MANITEX
INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

DATED EFFECTIVE JANUARY 2, 2025 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES

1.1 Registered Office. The registered office of Manitex International, Inc., a Michigan corporation (the
Corporation) will be as from time to time in the Corporations articles of incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation) or in any certificate filed with the Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory
Affairs, and the appropriate county recorder or recorders, as the case may be, to amend such information. 

1.2 Other Offices. The
Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Michigan, as the Corporations board of directors (the Board ofDirectors) may from time to time determine or the business of
the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 

SHAREHOLDERS 

2.1 Place
of Meetings. All meetings of the shareholders for the election of the Board of Directors will be held at such place, within or without the State of Michigan, as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors or by means of remote
communication in accordance with the provisions of the Michigan Business Corporation Act, as amended (including any successor statute, the Act). Meetings of shareholders for any other purpose may be held at such time and place,
within or without the State of Michigan, as may be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. 

2.2
Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of shareholders for the election of directors and such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting will be held at such place within or without the state of Michigan and at such date and
time as will be designated by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. 

2.3 List of Shareholders. At least ten days before each meeting of shareholders, a complete list of the shareholders entitled to vote at
such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of and the number of voting shares registered in the name of each, will be prepared by the officer or agent having charge of the share transfer books. Such list will be kept on file at
the registered office of the Corporation for a period of ten days prior to such meeting and will be subject to inspection by any shareholder at any time during usual business hours. Such list will be produced and kept open at the time and place of
the meeting during the whole time thereof, and will be subject to the inspection of any shareholder who may be present. 

2.4 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or
purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or the Board of Directors. Business transacted at all special meetings will be
confined to the purposes stated in the notice of the meeting unless all shareholders entitled to vote are present and consent. 

2.5
Notice. Written or printed notice stating the place, day and hour of any meeting of the shareholders and, in case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, will be delivered not less than ten (10) nor
more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the President, the Secretary, or the officer or person calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting. If mailed, such notice will be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the shareholder at his address as it appears on the share transfer books of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. 

2.6 Quorum. With respect to any matter, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote
on that matter will be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any
meeting of the shareholders, the shareholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, will have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is
present or represented. If the adjournment is more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting will be given to each shareholder of record entitled
to vote at the meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. 

2.7 Voting. When a quorum is present at any meeting of the Corporations shareholders, the vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares entitled to vote on, and voted for or against, any matter will decide any questions brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provision of law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a different
vote is required, in which case such express provision will govern and control the decision of such question. The shareholders present in person or by proxy at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment,
notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave less than a quorum. Shareholders of the Corporation will not have the right of cumulative voting for the election of the Board of Directors or for any other purpose. 

2.8 Method of Voting. Each outstanding share of the Corporations capital share, regardless of class or series, will be entitled to
one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders, except to the extent that the voting rights of the shares of any class or series are limited or denied by the Articles of Incorporation, as amended from time to time. At any
meeting of the shareholders, every shareholder having the right to vote will be entitled to vote in person or by proxy executed in writing by such shareholder and bearing a date not more than three years prior to such meeting, unless such instrument
provides for a longer period. A telegram, telex, cablegram or similar transmission by the shareholder, or a photographic, photostatic, facsimile or similar reproduction of a writing executed by the shareholder, shall be treated as an execution in

2 

writing for purposes of the preceding sentence. Each proxy will be revocable unless expressly provided therein to be irrevocable and if, and only so long as, it is coupled with an interest
sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. Such proxy will be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation prior to or at the time of the meeting. Voting for the Board of Directors will be in accordance with Article III of these Bylaws.
Voting on any question or in any election may be by voice vote or show of hands unless the presiding officer orders or any shareholder demands that voting be by written ballot. 

2.9 Record Date; Closing Transfer Books. The Board of Directors may fix in advance a record date for the purpose of determining
shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders, such record date to be not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to such meeting, or the Board of Directors may close the share transfer books for
such purpose for a period of not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to such meeting. In the absence of any action by the Board of Directors, the close of business on the date next preceding the day on which the notice
is given will be the record date, or, if notice is waived, the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held will be the record date. 

2.10 Action by Consent. Any action required or permitted under the Act to be taken at an annual or special meeting of the shareholders
may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote, if consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by the holders of outstanding shares not having less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. A written consent shall bear the date of signature of the shareholder that signs the consent. Written consents are not
effective to take corporate action unless within 60 days after the record date for determining shareholders entitled to express consent to or to dissent from a proposal without a meeting, written consents dated not more than 10 days before the
record date and signed by a sufficient number of shareholders to take the action are delivered to the Corporation. Delivery shall be to the Corporations registered office, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the
Corporation that has custody of the minutes of the proceedings of its shareholders. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office in Michigan shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of
taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to shareholders that would have been entitled to notice of the shareholder meeting if the action had been taken at a meeting that have not
consented to the action in writing. An electronic transmission consenting to an action must comply with Section 407(3) of the Act. 

2.11 Issuance of Shares. No shareholder of the Corporation will, solely by reason of holding shares of any class, have any preemptive or
preferential right to purchase or subscribe for any shares of the Corporation, now or hereafter to be authorized, or any notes, debentures, bonds, or other securities convertible into or carrying warrants, rights, or options to purchase shares of
any class, now or hereafter to be authorized, whether or not the issuance of any such shares or such notes, debentures, bonds, or other securities would adversely affect the dividend, voting, or any other rights of such shareholder. The Board of
Directors may authorize the issuance of, and the Corporation may issue, shares of any class of the Corporation, or any notes, debentures, bonds, or other securities convertible into or carrying warrants, rights, or options to purchase any such
shares, without offering any shares of any class to the existing holders of any class of shares of the Corporation. 

3 

ARTICLE III 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

3.1
Management. The business and affairs of the Corporation will be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, the
Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the shareholders. 

3.2 Qualifications;
Election; Term. None of the Directors need be a shareholder of the Corporation or a resident of the State of Michigan. The Directors will be elected by plurality vote at the annual meeting of the shareholders, except as hereinafter provided, and
each Director will hold office until whichever of the following occurs first: his successor is elected and qualified, his resignation, his removal from office by the shareholders or his death. 

3.3 Number. The number of Directors of the Corporation will be at least one. The number of Directors authorized will be fixed as the
Board of Directors may from time to time designate, or if no such designation has been made, the number of Directors will be the same as the number of members of the initial Board of Directors as set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. No
decrease in the number of Directors will have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent Director. 

3.4 Removal. Any
Director may be removed either for or without cause at any special meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least a majority in number of shares of the shareholders present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting and entitled
to vote for the election of such Director, provided, that notice of intention to act upon such matter has been given in the notice calling such meeting. 

3.5 Vacancies. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of Directors and any vacancies occurring
in the Board of Directors caused by death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office of any Directors or otherwise, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the Directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or a
successor or successors may be chosen at a special meeting of the shareholders called for that purpose. A Director elected to fill a vacancy will be elected for the unexpired term of his predecessor in office or until whichever of the following
occurs first: his successor is elected and qualified, his resignation, his removal from office by the shareholders or his death. 

3.6
Place of Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may be held at such place within or without the State of Michigan as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

3.7 Annual Meeting. The first meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors will be held without further notice immediately following
the annual meeting of shareholders and at the same place, unless by unanimous consent, the Directors then elected and serving shall change such time or place. 

3.8 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as is from time to
time determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

4 

3.9 Special Meetings. Special Meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the
President on oral or written notice to each Director, given either personally, by telephone, by telegram or by mail; special meetings will be called by the President or the Secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of at
least one Director. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purposes of, any special meeting need be specified in a notice or waiver of
notice. 

3.10 Quorum. At all meetings of the Board of Directors the presence of a majority of the number of Directors then in office
will be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the Directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum will be the act of the Board of Directors,
except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the Directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time
without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 

3.11 Interested Directors. No contract or
transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its Directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of the Corporations Directors or
officers are Directors or officers or have a financial interest, will be void or voidable solely for this reason, solely because the Director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof that
authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if (i) the material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the
Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Directors, even though the disinterested Directors be less
than a quorum, (ii) the material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the shareholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in
good faith by vote of the shareholders or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the shareholders. Common or
interested Directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee that authorizes the contract or transaction. 

3.12 Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the entire Board of Directors, designate committees,
each committee to consist of one or more Directors of the Corporation, which committees will have such power and authority and will perform such functions as may be provided in such resolution. Such committee or committees will have such name or
names as may be designated by the Board of Directors and will keep regular minutes of their proceedings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required. 

3.13 Action by Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee of the
Board of Directors may be taken without such a meeting if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by all the members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be. 

5 

3.14 Compensation of Directors. Directors will receive such compensation for their
services and reimbursement for their expenses as the Board of Directors, by resolution, may establish; provided that nothing herein contained will be construed to preclude any Director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor. 

ARTICLE IV 

NOTICE 

4.1 Form of
Notice. Whenever by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, notice is to be given to any Director or shareholder, and no provision is made as to how such notice is to be given, such notice may be given: (i) in writing, by mail,
postage prepaid, addressed to such Director or shareholder at such address as appears on the books of the Corporation or (ii) in any other method permitted by law. Any notice required or permitted to be given by mail will be deemed to be given
at the time the same is deposited in the United States mail. 

4.2 Waiver. Whenever any notice is required to be given to any
shareholder or Director of the Corporation as required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated in such
notice, will be equivalent to the giving of such notice. Attendance of a shareholder or Director at a meeting will constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such shareholder or Director attends for the express purpose of objecting,
at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. 

ARTICLE V 

OFFICERS AND
AGENTS 

5.1 General. The officers of the Corporation will be elected by the Board of Directors and will be a President and a
Secretary. The Board of Directors may also elect a Chairman of the Board, Vice Chairman of the Board, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers. Any two or more offices may be held by
the same person. 

5.2 Election. The Board of Directors, at its first meeting after each annual meeting of shareholders, will elect
the officers, none of whom need to be a member of the Board of Directors. 

5.3 Other Officers and Agents. The Board of Directors may
also elect and appoint such other officers and agents as it deems necessary, who will be elected and appointed for such terms and will exercise such powers and perform such duties as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

5.4 Compensation. The compensation of all officers and agents of the Corporation will be fixed by the Board of Directors or any
committee of the Board of Directors, if so authorized by the Board of Directors. 

6 

5.5 Term of Office and Removal. Unless otherwise provided in the resolution of the
Board of Directors electing any officer of the Corporation, each officer of the Corporation will hold office until his death, his resignation or removal from office, or the election and qualification of his successor, whichever occurs first. Any
officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time, for or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors, but such removal will not prejudice the contract rights, if
any, of the person so removed. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. 

5.6 Employment and Other Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers or agent or agents to enter into any
contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name or on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. The Board of Directors may, when it believes the interest of the Corporation will best
be served thereby, authorize executive employment contracts that will have terms no longer than ten years and contain such other terms and conditions as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. Nothing herein will limit the authority of the Board
of Directors to authorize employment contracts for shorter terms. 

5.7 Chairman of the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors
has elected a Chairman of the Board, he will preside at all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors. Except where by law the signature of the President is required, the Chairman will have the same power as the President to sign all
certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation. During the absence or disability of the President, the Chairman will exercise the powers and perform the duties of the President. 

5.8 President. The President will be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and, subject to the control of the Board of
Directors, will supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He will, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, preside at all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors. The President will have all
powers and perform all duties incident to the office of President and will have such other powers and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 

5.9 Vice-Presidents. Each Vice President will have the usual and customary powers and perform the usual and customary duties incident to
the office of Vice President, and will have such other powers and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time delegate to him. In the absence
or disability of the President and the Chairman of the Board, a Vice President designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation the Vice Presidents in order of their seniority in office, will exercise the powers and
perform the duties of the President. 

5.10 Secretary. The Secretary will attend all meetings of the shareholders and record all
votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose. The Secretary will perform like duties for the Board of Directors and committees thereof when required. The Secretary will give, or cause to be given, notice of all
meetings of the shareholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors. The Secretary will keep in safe custody the seal of the Corporation. The Secretary will be under the supervision of the President. The Secretary will have such other powers
and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time delegate to him. 

7 

5.11 Assistant Secretaries. The Assistant Secretaries in the order of their seniority
in office, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, will, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, exercise the powers and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe or as the President
may from time to time delegate to them. 

5.12 Treasurer. The Treasurer will have responsibility for the receipt and disbursement of
all corporate funds and securities, will keep full and accurate accounts of such receipts and disbursements, and will deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be
designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer will render to the Board of Directors whenever they may require it an account of the operating results and financial condition of the Corporation, and will have such other powers and perform such
other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time delegate to him. 

5.13
Assistant Treasurers. The Assistant Treasurers in the order of their seniority in office, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, will, in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, exercise the powers and perform the duties
of the Treasurer. They will have such other powers and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time delegate to them. 

5.14 Bonding. The Corporation may secure a bond to protect the Corporation from loss in the event of defalcation by any of the officers,
which bond may be in such form and amount and with such surety as the Board of Directors may deem appropriate. 

ARTICLE VI 

CAPITAL STOCK 

6.1
Uncertificated Shares. Any shares of any class or series of the Corporation shall be issued in uncertificated form. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send the
shareholder a written statement certifying the number of shares owned by such shareholder in the Corporation. 

6.2 Transfer of
Shares. Shares will be transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof in person or by such holders duly authorized attorney. 

6.3 Registered Shareholders. The Corporation will be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares as the holder in fact
thereof and, accordingly, will not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it has express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by law.

ARTICLE VII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

7.1
Dividends. Dividends upon the outstanding shares of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting. Dividends may be declared
and paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Act and the Articles of Incorporation. The Board of Directors may fix in advance a record date for the purpose of determining

8 

shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend, such record date to be not more than sixty (60) days prior to the payment date of such dividend, or the Board of Directors may close
the share transfer books for such purpose for a period of not more than sixty (60) days prior to the payment date of such dividend. In the absence of any action by the Board of Directors, the date upon which the Board of Directors adopts the
resolution declaring such dividend will be the record date. 

7.2 Reserves. There may be created by resolution of the Board of
Directors out of the surplus of the Corporation such reserve or reserves as the Directors from time to time, in their discretion, deem proper to provide for contingencies, or to equalize dividends, or to repair or maintain any property of the
Corporation, or for such other purpose as the Directors may deem beneficial to the Corporation, and the Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. Surplus of the Corporation to the extent so reserved will
not be available for the payment of dividends or other distributions by the Corporation. 

7.3 Telephone and Similar Meetings.
Shareholders, Directors and committee members may participate in and hold meetings by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Participation in such a
meeting will constitute presence in person at the meeting, except where a person participates in the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting had
not been lawfully called or convened. 

7.4 Books and Records. The Corporation will keep correct and complete books and records of
account and minutes of the proceedings of its shareholders and Board of Directors, and will keep at its registered office or principal place of business, or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar, a record of its shareholders, giving the
names and addresses of all shareholders and the number and class of the shares held by each. 

7.5 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of
the Corporation will be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

7.6 Seal. The Corporation may have a seal, and such seal may
be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. Any officer of the Corporation will have authority to affix the seal to any document requiring it. 

7.7 Indemnification. Every person who is or has been a Director or officer of the Corporation or an agent of the Corporation serving on
any committee administering the Corporations employee benefit plans, or any other agent of the Corporation designated by resolution of the Board of Directors to be entitled to indemnification, including the personal representatives of any such
deceased person, of the Corporation, or of any other corporation which he serves or served as such at the request of the Corporation because of the Corporations interest, direct or indirect, as owner of shares of capital stock or as a
creditor, shall to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by law, be indemnified by the Corporation against any and all liability and reasonable expense (including but not limited to, counsels and accountants fees, investigation cost,
travel, transcripts, disbursements, settlement amounts, judgments, fines or penalties) paid by or incurred by him in connection with, in settlement of or resulting from any claim, action, suit or 

9 

proceeding (whether by or in the name of the Corporation or such other corporation, or otherwise), civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including any appeals relating, thereto, in
which he may be involved or threaten to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of his being or having been a Director, officer or employee of the Corporation or such other corporation, or by reason of any action taken or not taken in the
course and scope of his function as such officer or employee or in his capacity as such Director. 

The Corporation shall indemnify, insure and save
harmless all officers, Directors and advisory committees, past, present and future, and all other persons now or hereafter involved, or deemed to be, in a fiduciary capacity in connection with the Companys pension plan or other plans governed
by, subject to and/or covered by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; said self-insurance is to indemnify, insure and save harmless all such officers, Directors, advisory committees and other persons from and against all loss, cost,
damage or expense, including attorney fees and any other expenses incurred as a result of or arising out of their activity, jointly and/or severally, in connection with such pension plan or other plan covered by the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended, pertaining to any such fiduciary liability. 

The foregoing rights of indemnification shall be in addition to any other
rights to which any such director or officer may be entitled as a matter of law. 

7.8 Advice of Counsel; Indemnification Permitted by
Law. The Board of Directors in granting indemnification, may rely upon the written advice of legal counsel that in the latters opinion such indemnification is permitted by law. Any Director, officer or employee who has been refused
indemnification by the Corporation shall, nevertheless, be indemnified if a court of competent jurisdiction determines such indemnification is permitted by law. 

7.9 Advances of Expenses. The Corporation may advance funds to cover expenses incurred with respect to any claim, action, suit or
proceeding of the character, actual or threatened, described in Section 7.7 of these Bylaws, prior to the final disposition thereof, upon receipt of an undertaking by such person to repay the amount so advanced if and to
the extent it should ultimately be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he was not entitled to indemnification under these Bylaws. 

7.10 Scope of Indemnification Rights. The intention of Sections 7.7 7.9 of these Bylaws is to provide indemnification with
the broadest and most inclusive coverage permitted by law (a) at the time of the act or omission to be indemnified against or (b) so permitted at the time of carrying out such indemnification, whichever of (a) and (b) may be the
broader or more inclusive, and permitted by law to be applicable. If the indemnification, permitted by law at this present time, or any future time, shall be broader or more inclusive than the provisions contained in this Bylaw, then indemnification
shall nevertheless extend to the broadest and most inclusive permitted by the law at any time, and this Bylaw shall be deemed to have been amended accordingly. If any provision or portion of Sections 7.7 7.10 shall be found in any
action, suit or proceeding to be invalid or ineffective, the validity and effect of the remaining parts shall not be affected. 

7.11
Insurance. The Corporation may at the discretion of the Board of Directors purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of the Corporation and any person whom it has the power to indemnify pursuant to law, the Articles of Incorporation, these
Bylaws or otherwise. 

10 

7.12 Resignation. Any Director, officer or agent may resign by giving written notice
to the Board of Directors, the President or the Secretary. Such resignation will take effect at the time specified therein or immediately if no time is specified therein. Unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation will
not be necessary to make it effective. 

7.13 Amendment of Bylaws. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed at any meeting of
the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors present at such meeting. 

7.14
Invalid Provisions. If any part of these Bylaws is held invalid or inoperative for any reason, the remaining parts, so far as possible and reasonable, will be valid and operative. 

7.15 Relation to Articles of Incorporation. These Bylaws are subject to, and governed by, the Articles of Incorporation. 

* * * * 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d863200dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

MANITEX INTERNATIONAL ANNOUNCES 

CLOSING OF ITS ACQUISITION BY TADANO LTD. 

Bridgeview, IL, January 2, 2025 Manitex International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MNTX) (Manitex or the
Company), a leading international provider of truck cranes, specialized industrial equipment, and construction equipment rental solutions to infrastructure and construction markets, today announced the closing of its acquisition by
Tadano Ltd. (Tadano). Under the terms of the previously announced agreement, Manitex shareholders are receiving $5.80 in cash for each share of common stock they own. Following the acquisition, Manitex is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Tadano, and Manitexs shares are no longer publicly traded. 

ABOUT MANITEX INTERNATIONAL 

Manitex International is a leading provider of mobile truck cranes, industrial lifting solutions, aerial work platforms, construction equipment and rental
solutions that serve general construction, crane companies, and heavy industry. The company engineers and manufactures its products in North America and Europe, distributing through independent dealers worldwide. Our brands include Manitex, PM,
Oil & Steel, Valla, and Rabern Rentals. 

ABOUT TADANO 

Since Tadano developed Japans first hydraulic truck crane in 1955, the company has grown globally, while constantly striving to implement its Corporate
Philosophy of Creation, Contribution, and Cooperation. The Tadano Group delivers its Core Values Safety, Quality, and Efficiency Based on Compliance (C+SQE) in each and every one of its products and services. 

IR CONTACT 

Paul Bartolai or Noel Ryan 

MNTX@val-adv.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mntx-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mntx-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mntx-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g863200dsp1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g863200dsp1a.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g863200dsp1b.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g863200dsp1c.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g863200g0103065055267.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001302028

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity Registrant Name MANITEX INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MI

Entity File Number 001-32401

Entity Tax Identification Number 42-1628978

Entity Address, Address Line One 9725 Industrial Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Bridgeview

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60455

City Area Code (708)

Local Phone Number 430-7500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol MNTX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.manitexinternational.com//20250102/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d863200d8k.htm 
mntx-20250102.xsd 
mntx-20250102_lab.xml 
mntx-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-001169-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>d863200d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001302028 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

false 
0001302028 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
MANITEX INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
MI 
001-32401 
42-1628978 
9725 Industrial Drive 
Bridgeview 
IL 
60455 
(708) 
430-7500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
MNTX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>