<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-028614.txt : 20250403
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-028614.hdr.sgml : 20250403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403161004
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-028614
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Siddhi Acquisition Corp (Cayman Islands)
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002034037
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				981799837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42578
		FILM NUMBER:		25809501

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WALL STREET, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		332-263-3385

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WALL STREET, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0236994-8k_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
United States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 31, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42578 98-1799837

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) 
(Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

100 Wall Street, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10005

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (347) 316-8312

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share SDHI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one Class A ordinary share SDHIR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one Class A ordinary shares SDHIU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 2, 2025, Siddhi
Acquisition Corp (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO), which consisted
of 27,600,000 units (the Units), including the over-allotment that was exercised in full on April 1, 2025. The Units
were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $276,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th)
of one Class A ordinary share (the Right) of the Company.

In connection with the IPO,
the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the registration statement on Form
S-1 (File No. 333-285648) for the IPO, which was originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2024
(as amended, the Registration Statement):

An Underwriting Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Santander US Capital Markets LLC, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Share Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Letter Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and each of Siddhi Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor), the officers and directors of the Company, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, March 31, 2025 (the Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement), by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit
10.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company, the Sponsor and an affiliate of the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and among the Company and each Director and executive officer of the Company, a copy of form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private placement of an aggregate of
338,000 units (the Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor at $10.00 per Unit, each Unit consisting of one Class
A Ordinary Share and one Right of the Company.

The Private Placement Units
are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Units are subject to transfer restrictions. The Sponsor and Santander
US Capital Markets LLC were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Placement
Units.

The Private Placement Units
were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering.

1

Item 5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 31, 2025, in connection
with the IPO, the Company filed its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association) with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies, which was effective on March 31, 2025. The terms
of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association are set forth in the Registration Statement and are incorporated herein
by reference. A copy of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

A total of $277,380,000,
comprised of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account (which interest shall be net of permitted withdrawals and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial
business combination, (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial business combination within
the completion window, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the public shares properly submitted in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or
to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination within the completion
window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity.

On March 31, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

2

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Santander US Capital Markets LLC, as representative of the several underwriters.

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

4.1 Share Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. 

10.1 Letter Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, among the Company, its directors and officers, and the Sponsor.

10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders.

10.4 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.5 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company, the Sponsor and an affiliate of the Sponsor.

10.6 Form of Indemnity Agreement.

99.1 Press Release, dated March 31, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 3, 2025

Siddhi Acquisition Corp 

By: /s/ Sam Potter 

Name: Sam Potter 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex1-1_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 31, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SEVERAL UNDERWRITERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

24,000,000 Units

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

March 31, 2025

Santander US Capital Markets LLC

437 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

As Representative of the several Underwriters

listed in Schedule I to the Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

1. Introductory.
Siddhi Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to you and,
as applicable, to the several underwriters named in Schedule I hereto (collectively, the Underwriters), for whom
you (the Representative) are acting as representative, 24,000,000 units (the Units) of the Company
(said units to be issued and sold by the Company being hereinafter called the Firm Securities). The Company also
proposes to grant to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 3,600,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any (the Optional
Securities), as set forth below. The Firm Securities and the Optional Securities are herein collectively called the Offered
Securities. To the extent that there are no additional Underwriters listed on Schedule I other than you, the term Representative
as used herein shall mean you, as Underwriter, and the term Underwriters shall mean either the singular or plural as the context requires.
Certain capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined are defined in Section 22 of this agreement (this Agreement).

Each Unit consists of one of the Companys
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one tenth (1/10)
of one Ordinary Share (the Rights) upon consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined below). The Ordinary
Shares and Rights included in the Units will not trade separately until the 52nd day following the date of the Prospectus (or, if such
date is not a business day, the following business day) (unless the Representative informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier
separate trading), subject to (a) the Companys preparation of an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of
the proceeds of the Offering (as defined below), (b) the filing of such audited balance sheet with the Commission on a Current Report
on Form 8-K or similar form by the Company that includes such audited balance sheet (the Closing Form 8-K), and (c)
the Company having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. No fractional Ordinary Shares will be issued
upon conversion of any rights. Fractional Ordinary Shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed
in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman Islands law. As used herein, the term Business Combination
(as described more fully in the Registration Statement) shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses involving the Company.

The Company will enter into an Investment Management
Trust Agreement, effective as of the Closing Date (the Trust Agreement), with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company (CST), as trustee (the Trustee), in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
the Registration Statement, pursuant to which proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined below) and proceeds of
the Offering will be deposited and held in a trust account (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company, the
Underwriters and the holders of the Firm Securities and the Optional Securities, if and when issued.

The Company will enter into a Rights Agreement,
effective as of the Closing Date (the Rights Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, in substantially the form
filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which CST will act as rights agent in connection with the issuance,
registration, transfer, exchange, redemption, and exercise of the Rights, Private Placement Rights and any other rights that
may be issued by the Company.

The Company has entered into a securities subscription
agreement, dated July 15, 2024 (the Original Securities Subscription Agreement), with Siddhi Sponsor LLC, a Cayman
Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor), in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration
Statement, pursuant to which the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of
the Company, for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 (including the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof, the Founder
Shares). On October 7, 2024, the Original Securities Subscription Agreement was amended (the Amendment No. 1 to the
Original Securities Subscription Agreement and, together with the Original Securities Subscription Agreement, the Securities
Subscription Agreement), and the Company, through a share capitalization, issued to the Sponsor an additional 1,437,500 Class
B ordinary shares, as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares. Subsequently,
on February 10, 2025, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares such that, in the aggregate, the
Sponsor owned 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. On March 31, 2025, the Company approved a share capitalization resulting in an aggregate
of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of the date hereof, up to 900,000 of which are subject to forfeiture to the extent
the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option. The Founder Shares are substantially similar to the Ordinary Shares included
in the Units, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

The Company has entered into a Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement, effective as of the date hereof (the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), with
the Sponsor in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase
an aggregate of 320,000 private placement units (or 338,000 private placement units if the Underwriters over-allotment option
is exercised in full), at a price of $10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $3,200,000 (or $3,380,000 if the Underwriters
over-allotment option is exercised) (Private Placement Units). Underlying each Private Placement Unit is one Ordinary
Share (each, a Private Placement Share) and one right entitling the holder thereof to receive one tenth (1/10) of
one Ordinary Share (each, a Private Placement Right) upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

The Company has entered into a Registration Rights
Agreement, dated the date hereof (the Registration Rights Agreement), with the Sponsor and the other parties thereto,
in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the Company has granted certain registration
rights in respect of the Founder Shares, the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Rights, the Private Placement Shares (and
any Ordinary Shares issuable upon the conversion of the Founder Shares and exercise of the Private Placement Units or the Private Placement
Rights) upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination, and certain securities that may be issued upon conversion of certain
working capital loans, if any.

The Company has entered into an Administrative Services
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, with the Sponsor, in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement
(the Administrative Services Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will, subject to the terms of the Administrative
Services Agreement, pay to an affiliate of the Sponsor an aggregate monthly fee of $15,000 for technology, software, computer, systems,
administrative support, secretarial services and infrastructure fees.

The Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys
officers, directors and director nominees will cause to be duly executed and delivered a letter agreement, effective as of the Closing
Date (the Letter Agreement), in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the several Underwriters that:

(a) Filing
and Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Commission the Registration Statement
(file number 333-285648) on Form S-1, including the related Preliminary Prospectus, for registration under the Act of the offering
and sale of the Offered Securities and the Ordinary Shares and Rights included as part of the Offered Securities. Such Registration
Statement, including any amendments thereto filed prior to the Execution Time, has become effective in accordance with section 8(a)
of the Act. The Company has filed one or more amendments thereto, including the related Preliminary Prospectus, each of which has
previously been furnished to the Representative. The Company will file with the Commission the Prospectus in accordance with Rule
424(b). As filed, such Prospectus shall contain all information required by the Act and, except to the extent the Representative
shall agree in writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to the Representative prior to
the Execution Time or, to the extent not completed at the Execution Time, shall contain only such specific additional information
and other changes (beyond that contained in the latest Preliminary Prospectus) as the Company has advised the Representative, prior
to the Execution Time, will be included or made therein. The Company has complied to the Commissions satisfaction with all
requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information.

2

(b) Compliance
with Securities Act Requirements. On the Effective Date, the Registration Statement did, and when the Prospectus is first filed in
accordance with Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date (as defined herein) and on any date on which Optional Securities are purchased, if
such date is not the Closing Date (a settlement date), the Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) will, comply in
all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Act; on the Effective Date and at the Execution Time, the Registration Statement
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any settlement
date, each individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as defined herein) did not and will not conflict, as applicable, with
the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Statutory Prospectus, and complied or will comply, as applicable, in all
material respects with the Act; as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any settlement date, each road show
as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Act and any individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, in each case, when considered together
with the Statutory Prospectus, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; and on the date of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date and each settlement date, the
Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided, however, that the Company makes no representations or warranties as to the information contained in or omitted
from the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (or any supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished
in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representative specifically for inclusion in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus (or any supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or
on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8(b) hereof.

(c) Statutory
Prospectus. The Statutory Prospectus, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any settlement date, did not and will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes
no representations or warranties as to the information contained in or omitted from the Statutory Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representative specifically for use therein,
it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information
described as such in Section 8(b) hereof.

(d) Listing.
The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form 8-A (file number 001-42578) providing for the registration
under the Exchange Act of the Units and the Ordinary Shares and Rights included as part of the Units, which registration is currently
effective on the date hereof. The Offered Securities and the Ordinary Shares and Rights included as part of the Offered Securities have
been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, on the Nasdaq Global Market
(Nasdaq), and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

(e) No
Stop Order. The Commission has not issued any order or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to issue any order preventing
or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof,
and has not instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

3

(f) Ineligible
Issuer Status. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement and (ii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as
the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was and is an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405).

(g) Free
Writing Prospectus. The Company has not prepared or used a Free Writing Prospectus.

(h) Good
Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as an exempted company in good standing under
the laws of the Cayman Islands with full corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and to operate its properties
and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus and to enter into this
Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Rights Agreement, the Securities Subscription Agreement, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement,
the Registration Rights Agreement, the Letter Agreement and the Administrative Services Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and, except where failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect (as defined below), is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of
each jurisdiction that requires such qualification.

(i) Disclosure.
There is no franchise, contract or other document of a character required to be described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus,
or to be filed as an exhibit thereto, which is not described or filed as required (and the Statutory Prospectus contains in all material
respects the same description of the foregoing matters contained in the Prospectus); and the statements in the Statutory Prospectus and
the Prospectus under the headings Principal Shareholders, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions,
and Description of Securities insofar as such statements summarize legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings discussed
therein, are in all material respects accurate and fair summaries of such legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings. There are
no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required by the Act to be described
in the Registration Statement or Prospectus that have not been described as required.

(j) Capitalization.
The Companys authorized equity capitalization is as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(k) Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company
or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The offers and sales of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant
times either registered under the Act, the applicable state securities and blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations and
warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements. The holders of outstanding securities of
the Company are not entitled to preemptive or other rights to subscribe for the Offered Securities and, except as set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no options, warrants or other rights to purchase, agreements or other obligations
to issue, or rights to convert any obligations into or exchange any securities for, ordinary shares or ownership interests in the Company
are outstanding.

(l) Offered
Securities. The Offered Securities have been duly authorized and when issued and delivered against payment by the Underwriters pursuant
to this Agreement, will be validly issued.

(m) Ordinary
Shares. The Ordinary Shares included in the Units and Private Placement Units have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered
against payment therefor and registered in the Companys register of members, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The holders of such Ordinary Shares are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; such Ordinary
Shares are not and will not be subject to any preemptive or other similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

(n) Rights
and Private Placement Rights. The Rights and the Private Placement Rights, when issued and delivered in the manner set
forth in the Rights Agreement against payment therefor, will be duly issued and delivered, and will constitute valid and binding
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and by
equitable principles of general applicability.

4

(o) Ordinary
Shares Issuable Upon Exercise of Rights and Private Placement Rights. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights and
the Private Placement Rights have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance upon exercise thereof and, when issued and delivered
against payment therefor pursuant to the Rights and the Private Placement Rights, as applicable, and the Rights Agreement and registered
in the Companys register of members, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The holders of such Ordinary Shares
are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; such Ordinary Shares are not and will not be subject
to any preemptive or other similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization,
issuance and sale of such Ordinary Shares (other than such execution (if applicable), countersignature (if applicable) and delivery at
the time of issuance) has been duly and validly taken.

(p) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities
of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the
Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to
be filed by the Company.

(q) Sales
to Affiliates. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person
or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company from its inception through and including the date hereof,
except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(r) Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities that are required
to be integrated pursuant to the Act with the offer and sale of the Offered Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

(s) Founder
Shares. The issued and outstanding Founder Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(t) Private
Placement Units. The Private Placement Units, when delivered upon the consummation of the Offering, will be duly issued and delivered,
and will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except
as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally from
time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability.

(u) Authorization
of this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding agreement
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general
applicability.

(v) Trust
Agreement. The Trust Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and, upon execution and delivery and
assuming due execution and delivery by CST, will be a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company, in
accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability.

(w) Rights
Agreement. The Rights Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding
agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and by
equitable principles of general applicability.

5

(x) Securities
Subscription Agreement. The Securities Subscription Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and
the Sponsor, and is a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Sponsor, enforceable against the Company and the Sponsor in accordance
with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability.

(y) Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement. The Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Company and the Sponsor, and is a valid and binding agreement of the Company and the Sponsor, enforceable against the Company and
the Sponsor in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability.

(z) Registration
Rights Agreement. The Registration Rights Agreement has been duly authorized, and will be duly executed and delivered by the Company
and, upon execution and delivery, will be a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability.

(aa) Letter Agreement. The Letter Agreement
executed by the Company, the Sponsor, and each executive officer, director and director nominee of the Company, has been duly authorized,
and will be duly executed and delivered by the Company, the Sponsor and to the Companys knowledge, each such executive officer,
director and director nominee, respectively, and, upon execution and delivery, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company,
the Sponsor and, to the Companys knowledge, each such executive officer, director and director nominee, respectively, enforceable
against the Company, the Sponsor and, to the Companys knowledge, each such executive officer, director and director nominee, respectively,
in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability.

(bb) Administrative Services Agreement.
The Administrative Services Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, upon execution and delivery
and assuming due execution and delivery by the Sponsor, will be a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and by equitable principles of general applicability.

(cc) Investment Company Act. The Company
is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Offered Securities and the Private Placement Units and the application
of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, will not be an investment
company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(dd) Absence of Further Requirements.
No consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the
transactions contemplated herein or in the Trust Agreement, the Rights Agreement, the Securities Subscription Agreement, the Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Letter Agreement or the Administrative Services Agreement, except for
the registration under the Act and the Exchange Act of the Offered Securities and the Ordinary Shares and Rights included as part of the
Offered Securities and such as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction, in connection with the purchase
and distribution of the Offered Securities by the Underwriters in the manner contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the
Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

6

(ee) Absence of Existing Defaults. The
Company is not in violation or default of (i) any provision of its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, (ii) the
terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition,
covenant or instrument to which it is a party or bound or to which its property is subject, or (iii) any (x) statute, law, rule, regulation,
or (y) judgment, order or decree of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority
having jurisdiction over the Company; except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above for any such conflict, breach or violation that
would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise),
prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary
course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

(ff) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts Resulting
From Transaction. Neither the issue and sale of the Offered Securities nor the consummation of any other of the transactions herein
contemplated nor the fulfillment of the terms hereof or of the Trust Agreement, the Rights Agreement, the Securities Subscription Agreement,
the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Letter Agreement or the Administrative Services
Agreement will conflict with, result in a breach or violation of, or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or
assets of the Company pursuant to, (i) the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, (ii) the terms
of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition,
covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which the Companys property is subject, or (iii) any statute,
law, rule, or regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental
body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its respective properties; except in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above, for any such conflict, breach or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect or affect the validity of the Offered Securities or the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.

(gg) Registration Rights under the Registration
Statement. No holders of securities of the Company have rights to the registration of such securities under the Registration Statement.

(hh) Financial Statements. The historical
financial statements, including the notes thereto and the supporting schedules, if any, of the Company included in the Statutory Prospectus,
the Prospectus and the Registration Statement present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company
as of the dates and for the periods indicated, comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements
of the Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout
the periods involved (except as otherwise noted therein). The summary financial data set forth under the caption Summary Financial
Data in the Statutory Prospectus, Prospectus and Registration Statement fairly present, on the basis stated in the Statutory Prospectus,
Prospectus and Registration Statement, the information included therein. The Company is not party to any off-balance sheet transactions,
arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that
may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. The statistical, industry-related
and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus are based on or derived from
sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate in all material respects, and such data agree
with the sources from which they are derived.

(ii) Litigation.
No action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company,
the Sponsor, or, to the Companys knowledge, any officer, director or director nominee of the Company, or the property of any of
them is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened that (i) could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the performance of this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company or (ii) could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto).

7

(jj) Properties. The Company owns or
leases all such properties as are necessary to the conduct of its operations as presently conducted.

(kk) Independent Auditors. Withum Smith+Brown,
PC (Withum), who has certified certain financial statements of the Company and delivered its report with respect
to the audited financial statements and schedules included in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, is
a registered public accounting firm that is independent with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the Exchange Act
and the applicable published rules and regulations thereunder.

(ll) Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
The Company maintains effective disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act
to the extent required by such rule).

(mm) Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Solely to the extent that the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) have been applicable to the Company, there is and has been no failure on the part of the
Company to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(nn) Compliance with Exchange Rules.
There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of the Companys officers or
directors, in their capacities as such, to comply with (as and when applicable), and immediately following the Effective Date the Company
will be in compliance with, the requirements of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule IM-5605. Further, there is and has been no failure on the part
of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of the Companys officers or directors, in their capacities as such, to
comply with (as and when applicable), and immediately following the Effective Date the Company will be in compliance with, the phase-in
requirements and all other applicable provisions of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements set forth in the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules.

(oo) Taxes.
There are no transfer, stamp, issue, registration, documentary or other similar taxes, duties, fees or charges under U.S. federal law
or the laws of any state, or any political subdivision thereof, or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, required to be paid in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Offered Securities.

(pp) Filing of Tax Returns. The Company
has filed all necessary federal, state, local and foreign tax returns, and has paid all taxes shown as due thereon (other than those being
contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), except where failure to so
file or pay would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and except as otherwise set forth in or contemplated in
the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto).

(qq) Possession of Licenses and Permits.
The Company possesses all licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign
regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business, and the Company has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation
or modification of any such license, certificate, authorization or permit that, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto).

8

(rr) Anti-Corruption Laws. None of the
Company, the Sponsor, any non-independent director or officer, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any independent director or director
nominee, agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company: (i) has used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) has made any direct
or indirect unlawful contribution or payment to any official of, or candidate for, or any employee of, any federal, state or foreign office
from corporate funds; (iii) has made any bribe, unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; or (iv)
is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the OECD Convention on
Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the FCPA) or any similar
law or regulation to which the Company, any director, director nominee, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated
with or acting on behalf of the Company is subject, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality
of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or
other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such
term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention
of the FCPA. The Company, the Sponsor, any non-independent director or officer, and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys
independent director or director nominees, agents, employees and affiliates have each conducted the business of the Company and their
own businesses on behalf of the Company in compliance with the FCPA and any applicable similar law or regulation and have instituted and
maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

(ss) Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The
operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting
requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act
of 1970, as amended, the applicable money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the applicable rules
and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental
agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened.

(tt) Economic Sanctions. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee thereof, nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, any agent, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is an individual or entity (Person)
that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is: the subject or target of any U.S. sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S.
government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department
of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person),
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs, the
Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of
Sanctions including, without limitation, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk
Peoples Republic, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria (each a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not,
directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other Person: (i) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or
territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of any Sanctions; (ii) to fund or facilitate any
activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country; or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any
Person (including any Person participating in the Offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past ten
years, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings
or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject
or target of Sanctions.

(uu) Lending Relationships; Use of Proceeds.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company (i) does not have any material
lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any of the Underwriters and (ii) does not intend to use any of the
proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities hereunder to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of any of the Underwriters.

9

(vv) Questionnaires.
All information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires) completed by the Company and the Sponsor
and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys officers, directors and director nominees and provided to the Underwriters
is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information that would cause the
information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by the Sponsor or the Companys officers, directors and director
nominees to become inaccurate and incorrect in any material respect.

(ww) Acquisition Target Not Selected.
Prior to the date hereof, the Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target and has not, nor has anyone on its behalf,
engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business
Combination with it. Prior to the date hereof, the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, taken any substantive measures, directly
or indirectly, to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for it, nor has the Company engaged or retained any agent or other
representative to identity or locate any such Business Combination target.

(xx) No
Finders or Similar Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, there
are no claims, payments, arrangements, contracts, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a brokerage commission or finders,
consulting, origination or similar fee by the Company, the Sponsor or any officer, director or director nominee of the Company with respect
to the sale of the Offered Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company, the Sponsor or
any such officer, director or director nominee of the Company, or their respective affiliates, that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as determined by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

(yy) Absence of Certain Payments. Except
as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company has not made any direct or indirect
payments (in cash, securities or by any other method that would be deemed underwriting compensation as defined in Rule 5110
of the FINRA Manual): (i) to any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising
capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) to any person that,
to the Companys knowledge, has been accepted by FINRA as a member of FINRA (a Member); or (iii) to any person
or entity that, to the Companys knowledge, has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Member, within the FINRA
Review Period, as defined in Rule 5110(j)(20) of the FINRA Manual, other than payments to the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement.

(zz) Investment Banking Services. Except
as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, during the period beginning 180 days prior to
the initial public filing date of the Registration Statement and ending on the Effective Date, no Member and/or any person associated
or affiliated with a Member has provided any investment banking, financial advisory and/or consulting services to the Company.

(aaa) FINRA Membership of Affiliates.
Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative, no officer, director, director nominee or beneficial owner
of any class of the Companys securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or
the source from which derived) (any such individual or entity, a Company Affiliate) is a Member or a person associated
or affiliated with a Member.

(bbb) Ownership of FINRA Member Securities.
Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative, no Company Affiliate is an owner of shares or other stock
of any Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

(ccc) Proceeds; Payment to FINRA Members.
Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no proceeds from the sale of the Offered
Securities (excluding underwriting compensation as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus) will
be paid by the Company to any Member, or any persons associated or affiliated with a Member.

(ddd) Issuance of Securities to Underwriters.
The Company has not issued any rights or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly to anyone who is a participating
member, as defined in Rule 5110(j)(15) of the FINRA Manual, in the Offering within the 180-day period prior to the initial public
filing date of the Registration Statement.

10

(eee) FINRA Association of Company Affiliates.
Except for the issuance of securities to the Sponsor, no person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the
180-day period prior to initial public filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with
any Member.

(fff) Conflicts of Interest. Except as
otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no Member intending to participate in
the Offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest means, if at the time
of the Members participation in the Offering, any of the following applies: (A) the securities are to be issued by the Member;
(B) the Company controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Member or the Members associated persons; (C) at
least 5% of the net offering proceeds, not including underwriting compensation, are intended to be: (i) used to reduce or retire the balance
of a loan or credit facility extended by the Member, its affiliates and its associated persons, in the aggregate; or (ii) otherwise directed
to the Member, its affiliates and associated persons, in the aggregate; or (D) as a result of the Offering and any transactions contemplated
at the time of the Offering: (i) the Member will be an affiliate of the Company; (ii) the Member will become publicly owned; or (iii)
the Company will become a Member or form a broker-dealer subsidiary. As used herein, the term Member intending to participate in
the Offering includes any associated person of a Member that is participating in the Offering, any members of such associated persons
immediate family, and any affiliate of a Member that is participating in the Offering.

(ggg) Non-Compete/Non-Solicit. Except
as described in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, to the Companys knowledge, none of the Sponsor,
officers, directors or director nominees of the Company is subject to a non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any
employer or prior employer that could materially affect its, his or her ability to be and act in the capacity of shareholder, officer
or director of the Company, as applicable.

(hhh) Absence of Manipulation. The Company
has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to cause or
result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Offered Securities.

(iii) Company
Ownership of Other Entities. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, trust or other entity.

(jjj) Related Party Transactions. No
relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, on the one hand, and any
director, director nominee, officer, shareholder, special advisor, customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company,
on the other hand, which is required by the Act or the Exchange Act to be described in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus
or the Prospectus that is not described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses
in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers, directors
or director nominees of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an
extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any officer, director or director nominee of the Company.

(kkk) Absence of Unlawful Influence.
The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Offered Securities to any person or entity with the intention of
unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any such affiliate.

(lll) Applicability of Rule 419. Upon
delivery and payment for the Offered Securities on the Closing Date and the filing of the Closing Form 8-K, the Company will not be subject
to Rule 419 under the Act and none of the Companys outstanding securities will be deemed to be a penny stock as defined
in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act.

11

(mmm) Emerging Growth Company Status.
From the time of the initial public filing date of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier, the first date on which
the Company engaged, directly or through any person authorized to act on its behalf, in any Testing-the-Waters Communication) through
the Execution Time, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging
Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential
investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act or Rule l63B under the Act.

(nnn) Testing-the-Waters Communications.
The Company (i) has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent
of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions
that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (ii) has not authorized anyone other than the Representative
to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms that the Representative has been authorized to act on its behalf
in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other
than those listed on Schedule III hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication
that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Act.

(ooo) Cybersecurity.
To the knowledge of the Company, there has been no security breach or attack or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its employees, vendors and any
third-party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (IT Systems and Data) and (i) the Company
has not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security
breach, attack or compromise to their IT Systems and Data, (ii) the Company has complied, and is presently in compliance, with, all applicable
laws, statutes or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority and all industry
guidelines, standards, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to
the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification in all material respects and
(iii) the Company has implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices, except in
each case that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ppp) Local Qualification. It is not
necessary under the laws of the Cayman Islands (i) to enable the Underwriters to enforce their rights under this Agreement provided
that they are not otherwise engaged in business in the Cayman Islands, or (ii) solely by reason of the execution, delivery or
consummation of this Agreement, for any of the Underwriters to be qualified or entitled to carry out business in the Cayman Islands.

(qqq) Enforcement of Foreign Judgments.
Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the courts of the State of New York,
a judgment will be recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination of
the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands,
provided such judgment is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction, imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated
sum for which the judgment has been given, is final, is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, and was not obtained in a manner
and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands.

(rrr) Payments in Foreign Currency. Except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman
Islands and any political subdivision thereof, all dividends and other distributions declared and payable on the Offered Securities may
be paid by the Company to the holder thereof in United States dollars or Cayman Islands dollars that may be converted into foreign currency
and freely transferred out of the Cayman Islands and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who are non-residents of the
Cayman Islands will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands or any political
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty, withholding or deduction
in the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or any
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.

12

Any certificate signed by any officer or director
of the Company and delivered to the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the Offering shall be deemed a representation
and warranty by the Company, as to matters covered thereby, to each Underwriter.

3. Purchase
and Sale.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the Company agrees to sell to each
Underwriter, and each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, at a purchase price of $9.98958 per
Unit, the amount of the Firm Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule I hereto, with such discount representing
underwriting commission of $0.01042 per Unit, or $250,000 in the aggregate. This discount provided for immediately above shall be payable
to the Representative upon the closing of the Companys initial public offering. There will be no incremental upfront underwriting
discounts and commissions payable if the Underwriters purchase any Optional Securities.

(b) Subject
to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the Company hereby grants an option
to the several Underwriters to purchase, severally and not jointly, up to 3,600,000 Optional Securities at $10.0000 per Unit. Said option
may be exercised only to cover over-allotments in the sale of the Firm Securities by the Underwriters. Said option may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time on or before the 45th day after the date of the Prospectus upon written notice by the Representative to the
Company setting forth the number of Optional Securities as to which the several Underwriters are exercising the option and the settlement
date. The number of Optional Securities to be purchased by each Underwriter shall be based upon the same percentage of the total number
of the Optional Securities to be purchased by the several Underwriters as such Underwriter is purchasing of the Firm Securities, subject
to such adjustments as the Representative in its absolute discretion shall make to eliminate any fractional units.

(c) In addition to the
amounts set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement representing a portion of the underwriting commission of $0.01042 per unit, the
Company hereby agrees to pay to the Underwriters a deferred discount of $0.30 per Unit, or $7,200,000 in the aggregate (or up to
$8,280,000 in the aggregate if the Underwriters purchase the Optional Securities) purchased hereunder (the Deferred
Discount); provided, that such amount shall be subject to pro-rata reduction based on the number of
Ordinary Shares redeemed by our Public Shareholders (as defined below) in connection with an initial Business Combination and in
accordance with the redemption rights provided for in Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association;
and further provided that any such amount shall be payable to any one or more FINRA members, which may or may not include the
Representative, at the sole discretion of the Company. Any portion of the Deferred Discount payable to the Representative as
determined by the Company in accordance with the foregoing sentence will be paid directly to the Representative, on behalf of the
Underwriters, by the Trustee from amounts on deposit in the Trust Account by wire transfer payable in same-day funds if and when the
Company consummates its initial Business Combination. The Underwriters hereby agree that if no Business Combination is consummated
within the time period provided in the Trust Agreement, as may be amended, and the funds held under the Trust Agreement, as may be
amended, are distributed to the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Offered Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement
(the Public Shareholders), (i) the Underwriters will forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Discount and
(ii) the Trustee under the Trust Agreement, as may be amended, is authorized to distribute the Deferred Discount to the Public
Shareholders on a pro rata basis.

13

4. Delivery and Payment. Delivery of
and payment for the Firm Securities and the Optional Securities (if the option provided for in Section 3 hereof shall have been
exercised on or before the first (1st) Business Day prior to the Closing Date) shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City
time, on April 2, 2025, or at such time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company or as provided in Section 9
hereof (such date and time of delivery and payment for the Offered Securities being herein called the Closing
Date). Delivery of the Offered Securities shall be made to the Representative for the respective accounts of the several
Underwriters against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representative of the purchase price thereof by wire transfer
payable in same-day funds to an account specified by the Company and to the Trust Account as described below in this Section 4.
Delivery of the Firm Securities and the Optional Securities shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company
(DTC) unless the Representative shall otherwise instruct.

(a) Payment
for the Firm Securities shall be made as follows: $239,750,000 of the net proceeds for the Firm Securities (including $7,200,000 of Deferred
Discount) shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement along with such portion of the gross proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Units in order for the Trust Account to equal the product of the number of Units sold and the public
offering price per Unit as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus upon delivery to the Representative of the Firm Securities through
the facilities of DTC or, if the Representative have otherwise instructed, upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Securities, in each case for the account of the Underwriters.
The Firm Securities shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in
writing at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. If delivery is not made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will
permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm Securities for delivery, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing
Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Securities except upon tender of payment by the Representative for
all the Firm Securities.

(b) Payment
for the Optional Securities shall be made as follows: $9.98958 per Optional Security (including $0.30 per Optional Security of Deferred
Discount) shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representative of
the Optional Securities through the facilities of DTC or, if the Representative have otherwise instructed, upon delivery to the Representative
of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Optional Securities (or through the facilities
of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Optional Securities shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized
denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) Business Day prior to the settlement date of such Optional
Securities. If delivery is not made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the
Optional Securities for delivery at least one (1) Business Day prior to the settlement date of such Optional Securities. The Company shall
not be obligated to sell or deliver the Optional Securities except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Optional Securities.

If the option provided for in Section 3 hereof is
exercised after the first (1st) Business Day prior to the Closing Date, the Company will deliver the Optional Securities (at
the expense of the Company) to the Representative, c/o Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison Ave, New York, New York 10022, Attention:
Equity Capital Markets on the date specified by the Representative (which shall be at least two (2) Business Days after exercise of said
option) for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters, against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representative
of the purchase price thereof to the Trust Account as described above in Section 4(b). If settlement for the Optional Securities occurs
after the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Representative on the settlement date for such Optional Securities, and the obligation
of the Underwriters to purchase such Optional Securities shall be conditioned upon receipt of, supplemental opinions, certificates and
letters confirming as of such date the opinions, certificates and letters delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 7 hereof.

5. Offering
by Underwriters. It is understood that the several Underwriters propose to offer the Offered Securities for sale to the public as
set forth in the Prospectus (the Offering).

14

6. Certain
Agreements of the Company. The Company agrees with the several Underwriters that:

(a) Prior to the
termination of the Offering, the Company will not file any amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus
or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement unless the Company has furnished the Representative with a copy for its review prior to
filing and will not file any such proposed amendment, supplement or Rule 462(b) Registration Statement to which the Representative
reasonably objects. The Company will cause the Prospectus, properly completed, and any supplement thereto to be filed in a form
approved by the Representative with the Commission pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) within the time period
prescribed and will provide evidence satisfactory to the Representative of such timely filing. The Company will promptly advise the
Representative (i) when the Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed (if required) with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 424(b) or when any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication shall have been filed
with the Commission, (ii) when, prior to termination of the Offering, any amendment to the Registration Statement shall have been
filed or become effective, (iii) of any request by the Commission or its staff for any amendment of the Registration Statement, any
Rule 462(b) Registration Statement or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or for any supplement to the Prospectus or for
any additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or any order preventing or suspending the use of the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication, or of the institution of any proceedings for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Act and
(v) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Offered Securities
for sale in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. The Company will use its best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the occurrence of any such suspension or objection to the use of the
Registration Statement and, upon such issuance, occurrence or notice of objection, to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal of
such stop order or relief from such occurrence or objection, including, if necessary, by filing an amendment to the Registration
Statement or a new registration statement and using its best efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared
or become effective as soon as practicable.

(b) If,
at any time prior to the filing of the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b), any event or development occurs as a result of which the Statutory
Prospectus would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made at such time not misleading, the Company will (i) notify promptly the Representative
so that any use of the Statutory Prospectus may cease until it is amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement the Statutory Prospectus
to correct such statement or omission; and (iii) supply any amendment or supplement to the Representative in such quantities as the Representative
may reasonably request.

(c) If,
at any time when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is required to be delivered under the Act (including in circumstances
where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), any event or development occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as
then supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or the circumstances then prevailing not misleading, or if it shall
be necessary to amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act or the rules thereunder, the Company
promptly will (i) notify the Representative of any such event; (ii) prepare and file with the Commission, subject to paragraph (a) of
this Section 6, an amendment or supplement that will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; and (iii) supply any
supplemented Prospectus to the Representative in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request.

(d) As
soon as practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Representative an earnings statement
or statements of the Company and its subsidiaries that will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act and Rule 158.

(e) The
Company will not make any offer relating to the Units or the securities contained therein that constitutes or would constitute a Free
Writing Prospectus or a portion thereof required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule
433 of the Act.

(f) The
Company will furnish to the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement
(including exhibits thereto) and to each other Underwriter a copy of the Registration Statement (without exhibits thereto) and, so long
as delivery of a prospectus by an Underwriter or dealer may be required by the Act (including in circumstances where such requirement
may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and any supplement thereto as the
Representative may reasonably request. The Company will pay the expenses of printing or other production of all documents relating to
the Offering.

15

(g) The Company will
indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters against any documentary, stamp or similar issue tax, including any interest and
penalties, on the creation, issue and sale of the Offered Securities and on the initial resale thereof by the Underwriters and on
the execution and delivery of this Agreement. All payments to be made by the Company hereunder shall be made without withholding or
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges whatsoever unless the Company is
compelled by law to deduct or withhold such taxes, duties or charges. In that event, the Company shall pay such additional amounts
as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Underwriters after such withholding or deduction shall equal the
amounts that would have been received by the Underwriters if no withholding or deduction had been made.

(h) The
Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, (x) offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose
of (or enter into any transaction that is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual
disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the Company or any affiliate of the Company or any
person in privity with the Company or any affiliate of the Company), directly or indirectly, including the filing (or participation in
the filing) of a registration statement with the Commission in respect of, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate
or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any Units, Ordinary Shares,
Rights or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary Shares or publicly announce an intention
to effect any such transaction during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 180 days after the date of this Agreement; provided,
however, that the Company may (1) issue and sell the Private Placement Units, (2) issue and sell the Optional Securities upon the
exercise of the option provided for in Section 3 hereof, (3) register with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the resale of the securities covered thereby, and (4) issue securities
in connection with an initial Business Combination; provided, further, however, the foregoing shall not apply to
the forfeiture of any Founder Shares pursuant to their terms or any transfer of Founder Shares to any current or future independent director
of the Company (as long as such current or future independent director is subject to the terms of the Letter Agreement at the time of
such transfer and as long as, to the extent any reporting obligation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act is triggered as a result of
such transfer, any related filing under Section 16 of the Exchange Act includes a practical explanation as to the nature of the transfer);
or (y) release the Sponsor or any officer, director, or director nominee from the 180-day lock-up contained in the Letter Agreement.

(i) The
Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Securities.

(j) The
Company agrees to pay the costs and expenses relating to the following matters: (i) the preparation, printing or reproduction and filing
with the Commission of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits thereto), each Preliminary Prospectus,
the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement to any of them; (ii) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery (including postage, air
freight charges and charges for counting and packaging) of such copies of the Registration Statement, each Preliminary Prospectus, the
Prospectus and all amendments or supplements to any of them, as may, in each case, be reasonably requested for use in connection with
the offering and sale of the Offered Securities; (iii) the preparation, printing, authentication, issuance and delivery of certificates
for the Offered Securities, including any stamp or transfer taxes in connection with the original issuance and sale of the Offered Securities;
(iv) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery of this Agreement and all other agreements or documents printed (or reproduced) and delivered
in connection with the Offering; (v) the registration of the Offered Securities under the Exchange Act and the listing of the Offered
Securities and the Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Offered Securities on Nasdaq; (vi) the printing and delivery of a preliminary
blue sky memorandum, any registration or qualification of the Offered Securities for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws
of the several states and any filings required to be made with FINRA (including filing fees and the reasonable and documented fees and
expenses of counsel for the Underwriters relating to such filings, memorandum, registration and qualification in an aggregate amount up
to $50,000); (vii) the transportation and other expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Company (and not the Underwriters) in connection
with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Offered Securities; (ix) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants
and the fees and expenses of counsel (including U.S. and Cayman Islands counsel) for the Company; and (x) all other costs and expenses
incident to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder.

16

(k) For
a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending five (5) years from the date of the consummation of the Business Combination or until
such earlier time at which the Liquidation occurs, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Ordinary
Shares and Rights (or such other securities into which the Ordinary Shares or Rights, as the case may be, may be exchanged in connection
with a Business Combination) under the provisions of the Exchange Act, except after giving effect to a going private transaction after
the completion of an initial Business Combination. For a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending upon the consummation of the
Business Combination or until such earlier time at which the Liquidation occurs, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the
registration of the Units under the provisions of the Exchange Act. During such applicable period, the Company will not deregister the
Units, Ordinary Shares or Rights under the Exchange Act (except in connection with an exchange pursuant to an initial Business Combination
or a going private transaction after the completion of an initial Business Combination) without the prior written consent of the Representative.

(l) The
Company shall, on the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of the Company
as of the Closing Date (the Audited Balance Sheet) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering
on the Closing Date. As soon as the Audited Balance Sheet becomes available, the Company shall promptly, but not later than four (4) Business
Days after the Closing Date, file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Current Report shall contain the Companys
Audited Balance Sheet. Additionally, upon the Companys receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of all or any portion of the option
provided for in Section 3 hereof, the Company shall promptly, but not later than four (4) Business Days after the receipt of such proceeds,
file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which report shall disclose the Companys sale of the Optional Securities
and its receipt of the proceeds therefrom, unless the receipt of such proceeds is reflected in the Current Report on Form 8-K referenced
in the immediately prior sentence.

(m) For
a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending five (5) years from the date of the consummation of the Business Combination or until
such earlier time at which the Liquidation occurs or the Ordinary Shares and Rights cease to be publicly traded, the Company, at its expense,
shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial
statements for each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information, the filing of
the Companys Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and the mailing, if any, of quarterly financial information to shareholders.

(n) For
a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending five (5) years from the date of the consummation of the Business Combination or until
such earlier time at which the Liquidation occurs, the Company shall, to the extent such information or documents are not otherwise publicly
available, upon written request from the Representative, furnish to the Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic
and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of securities, and, to the extent such
information or documents are not otherwise publicly available, upon written request from the Representative, promptly furnish to the Representative:
(i) a copy of such registration statements, financial statements and periodic and special reports as the Company shall be required to
file with the Commission and from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any such class of its securities in their capacities
as such; and (ii) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of
the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request, all subject to the execution of a satisfactory confidentiality
agreement. Any registration statements, financial statements, periodic and special reports or other additional documents referred to in
the preceding sentence filed or furnished on the Commissions EDGAR website will be considered furnished for the purposes of this
section.

(o) For
a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending five (5) years from the date of the consummation of the Business Combination or until
such earlier time at which the Liquidation occurs or the Ordinary Shares cease to be publicly traded, the Company shall retain a transfer
agent. For a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the date of the consummation of the Business Combination or until such
earlier time at which the Liquidation occurs, the Company shall retain a rights agent.

(p) In
no event will the amounts payable by the Company for technology, software, computer, systems, administrative support, secretarial services
and infrastructure fees exceed $15,000 per month in the aggregate from the date hereof until the earlier of the date of
the consummation of the Business Combination and the Liquidation.

17

(q) The
Company will not consummate an initial Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with the Sponsor or any of the Companys
officers or directors unless it, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, obtains an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such Business Combination is fair to the Company
from a financial point of view. Other than as set forth in this subsection, or as otherwise contemplated in the proxy statement related
to its initial Business Combination or as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company
shall not pay the Sponsor or its affiliates or any of the Companys executive officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates
any fees or compensation of any kind for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the completion of an initial
Business Combination; provided, however, that such officers, directors, and affiliates (i) may receive reimbursement for
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on the Companys behalf related to identifying, investigating
and completing an initial Business Combination; (ii) may be repaid loans as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus and (iii) may be paid $15,000 per month for technology, software, computer, systems, administrative support, secretarial
services and infrastructure fees pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and an affiliate of the Sponsor,
none of which will be made from the proceeds held in the Trust Account prior to completion of the initial Business Combination.

(r) The
Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units received by it in a manner consistent
in all material respects with the applications described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Statutory Prospectus and
the Prospectus.

(s) For
a period of 60 days following the Effective Date, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association)
is engaged to assist the Company in its search for a merger candidate or to provide any other merger and acquisition services, or has
provided or will provide any investment banking, financial, advisory and/or consulting services to the Company, the Company agrees that
it shall promptly provide to the Representative and its counsel a notification prior to entering into the agreement or transaction relating
to a potential Business Combination: (i) the identity of the person or entity providing any such services; (ii) complete details of all
such services and copies of all agreements governing such services prior to entering into the agreement or transaction; and (iii) justification
as to why the value received by any person or entity for such services is not underwriting compensation for the Offering. The Company
also agrees that proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer materials or proxy statement,
as applicable, which the Company may file in connection with the Business Combination for purposes of offering redemption of shares held
by its shareholders or for soliciting shareholder approval, as applicable.

(t) The
Company shall advise the Representative and its counsel if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate
or associated person of a Member participating in the distribution of the Offered Securities.

(u) The
Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units to be held in the Trust Account to be invested
only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act as set forth in the
Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in a manner
so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it
will not be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

(v) Prior
to the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination and Liquidation, the Company may instruct the Trustee
under the Trust Agreement to release interest from the Trust Account to pay the Companys taxes. Otherwise, all funds held in the
Trust Account (including any interest income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable))
will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination and the Liquidation;
provided, however, that in the event of the Liquidation, up to $100,000 of interest income may be released to the Company if the proceeds of the Offering held by
the Company outside of the Trust Account are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing the Companys
plan of dissolution.

18

(w) The
Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities that are issuable pursuant to the
exercise of the Rights and Private Placement Rights, and upon conversion of the Founder Shares, outstanding from time to time.

(x) Prior
to the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination and the Liquidation, the Company shall not issue (other than in replacement
for lost, stolen or mutilated certificates) any Ordinary Shares, Rights or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares,
or any preferred shares, in each case, that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote
as a class with the Public Shares (as defined below) (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to (i) extend the time the Companys has to consummate an initial Business
Combination beyond 24 months from the Closing Date or (B) amend the foregoing provisions.

(y) Prior
to the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination and the Liquidation, the Companys audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments made to the Sponsor, to the Companys officers or directors, or to the Companys or any
of such other persons respective affiliates.

(z) The
Company agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act
prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including, but not limited to, using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys
outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act during such
period.

(aa) To the extent required by Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, the Company will maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) and a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(bb) For a period commencing on the Effective
Date and ending five (5) years from the date of the consummation of the Business Combination or until such earlier time at which the Liquidation
occurs, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect and maintain the listing of the Ordinary Shares and Rights on Nasdaq
(or another national securities exchange). For a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the date of the consummation of
the Business Combination or until such earlier time at which the Liquidation occurs, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts
to effect and maintain the listing of the Units and Rights on Nasdaq (or another national securities exchange).

(cc) As soon as legally required to do so, the
Company and its directors and officers, in their capacities as such, have taken or shall take all actions necessary to comply with any
applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications,
and to comply with the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules.

(dd) The Company shall not take any action or
omit to take any action that would cause the Company to be in breach or violation of its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association.

(ee) The Company will seek to have all vendors,
service providers (other than independent accountants), prospective target businesses, lenders or other entities with which it does business
enter into an agreement waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the
benefit of the Public Shareholders. The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Companys management shall have determined that such third partys engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to the Company than any alternative.

19

(ff) The Company, subject to any applicable
provision of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, may consummate the initial Business Combination
and conduct redemptions of Ordinary Shares for cash upon consummation of such Business Combination without a shareholder vote pursuant
to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, including the filing of tender offer documents with the Commission. Such tender
offer documents will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption
rights as is required under the Commissions proxy rules and will provide each shareholder of the Company with the opportunity prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination to redeem the Ordinary Shares held by such shareholder for an amount of cash equal
to (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two (2) Business Days prior to the consummation of
the initial Business Combination, representing (x) the proceeds held in the Trust Account from the Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Units and (y) any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by (B) the total number of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering (the Public Shares) then outstanding.
If, however, the Company elects not to file such tender offer documents, a shareholder vote is required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirement in connection with the initial Business Combination, or the Company decides to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons, the Company will submit such Business Combination to the Companys shareholders for their approval (Business
Combination Vote). With respect to the initial Business Combination Vote, if any, the Sponsor and the directors and officers
of the Company have agreed to vote all of their Founder Shares and any other Ordinary Shares they may acquire during or after the Offering
in favor of the Companys initial Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination,
the Company will offer to each Public Shareholder holding Ordinary Shares the right to have its shares redeemed in conjunction with a
proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules of the Commission at a per share redemption price (the Redemption Price)
equal to (I) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two (2) Business Days prior to the consummation of the initial
Business Combination, representing (1) the proceeds held in the Trust Account from the Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Units and (2) any interest income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of any taxes payable), divided
by (II) the total number of Public Shares then outstanding. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination,
the Company may proceed with such Business Combination only if the Company receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the Companys ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled
to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting of the Company. If, after seeking and receiving such shareholder approval, the Company
elects to so proceed, it will redeem shares, at the Redemption Price, from those Public Shareholders who validly and affirmatively requested
(and did not validly withdraw) such redemption. Only Public Shareholders holding Ordinary Shares who properly exercise their redemption
rights, in accordance with the applicable tender offer or proxy materials related to such Business Combination, shall be entitled to receive
distributions from the Trust Account in connection with an initial Business Combination, and the Company shall pay no distributions with
respect to any other holders of ordinary shares of the Company in connection therewith. In the event that the Company does not effect
a Business Combination by the time period required by the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association,
the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten (10) Business Days thereafter, redeem 100% of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest less up to $100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses and
which interest shall be net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders
and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Only Public Shareholders holding Ordinary
Shares included in the Offered Securities shall be entitled to receive such redemption amounts and the Company shall pay no such redemption
amounts or any distributions in liquidation with respect to any other ordinary shares of the Company. In the event that the Company proposes
any amendment to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the outstanding
Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the time period required
by the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, and with respect to any other material provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, as described in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, the Company shall provide to the Public Shareholders the right to redeem their Public Shares in connection
with such amendment.

20

(gg) In the event that the Company desires or
is required by an applicable law or regulation to cause an announcement (Business Combination Announcement) to be
placed in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times or any other news or media publication or outlet or to be made via a public
filing or submission with the Commission announcing the consummation of the Business Combination that indicates that the Underwriters
were the underwriters in the Offering, the Company shall supply the Representative with a draft of the Business Combination Announcement
and provide the Representative with a reasonable advance opportunity to comment thereon, subject to the agreement of the Underwriters
to keep confidential such draft announcement in accordance with the Representatives standard policies regarding confidential information.

(hh) Upon the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, the Company and the Representative will jointly direct the Trustee to pay the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters,
the Deferred Discount out of the proceeds of the Offering held in the Trust Account. The Underwriters shall have no claim to payment of
any interest earned on the portion of the proceeds held in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Discount. If the Company fails
to consummate its initial Business Combination within the time period required by the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, the Deferred Discount will not be paid to the Representative and will, instead, be included in the Liquidation
distribution of the proceeds held in the Trust Account made to the Public Shareholders. In connection with any such Liquidation, the Underwriters
forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Discount.

(ii) The
Company will arrange, in cooperation with the Representative, to qualify the Offered Securities for offering and sale under the securities
laws of such jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate and will maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required
for the distribution of the Offered Securities; provided that no such qualification shall be required in any jurisdiction where,
as a result thereof, the Company would be subject to service of general process or to taxation as a foreign corporation doing business
in such jurisdiction, or would be required to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified. Until the earliest
of (i) the date on which all Underwriters shall have ceased to engage in market-making activities in respect of the Offered Securities,
(ii) the date on which the Offered Securities are listed on Nasdaq (or any successor thereto), (iii) a going private transaction after
the completion of a Business Combination, and (iv) the date of the Liquidation, in each jurisdiction where such qualification shall be
effected, the Company will, unless the Representative agree that such action is not at the time necessary or advisable, use all reasonable
efforts to file and make such statements or reports at such times as are or may be required to qualify the Offered Securities for offering
and sale under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

(jj) If at any time following the distribution
of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication included or would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly
(i) notify the Representative so that use of the Written Testing-the-Waters Communication may cease until it is amended or supplemented;
(ii) amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement
or omission; and (iii) supply any amendment or supplement to the Representative in such quantities as may be reasonably requested.

(kk) The Company will promptly notify the Representative
if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Offered
Securities within the meaning of the Act and (ii) completion of the 180-day restricted period referred to in Section 6(h) hereof.

(ll) Upon the earlier to occur of the expiration
and termination of the Underwriters over-allotment option, the Company shall cancel or otherwise effect the forfeiture of Founder
Shares from the Sponsor, in an aggregate amount equal to the number of Founder Shares
determined by multiplying (a) 900,000 by (b) a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 3,600,000 minus the number of Ordinary
Shares purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 3,600,000.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full, the Company shall not cancel or otherwise
effect the forfeiture of the Founder Shares pursuant to this subsection.

21

7. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase the Firm Securities and the Optional Securities,
as the case may be, shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein
as of the Execution Time, the Closing Date and any settlement date pursuant to Section 4 hereof, to the accuracy of the statements of
the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder
and to the following additional conditions:

(a) The
Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, have been filed in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b); and no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use shall have been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose shall have been instituted or threatened.

(b) The
Company shall have requested and caused Loeb & Loeb LLP, counsel for the Company, to have furnished to the Representative its opinions
dated the Closing Date and any settlement date, as applicable, and addressed to the Representative, in a form reasonably acceptable to
the Representative.

(c) The
Company shall have requested and caused Appleby (Cayman) Ltd., Cayman Islands counsel for the Company, to have furnished to the Representative
its opinions dated the Closing Date and any settlement date, as applicable, and addressed to the Representative, in a form reasonably
acceptable to the Representative.

(d) The
Representative shall have received from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, such opinion or opinions,
dated the Closing Date and any settlement date, as applicable, and addressed to the Representative, with respect to the issuance and sale
of the Offered Securities, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto)
and other related matters as the Representative may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents
as they request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters.

(e) The
Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate of the Company, signed by its Chief Executive Officer and the principal
financial or accounting officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, and any settlement date, as applicable, to the effect that the
signers of such certificate have carefully examined the Registration Statement and each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and any
amendment or supplement thereto, and each road show as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Act used in connection with the Offering,
and this Agreement and that:

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct on and as of such date with the same effect as if
made on such date and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or
satisfied at or prior to such date;

(ii) no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened; and

(iii) since
the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement
thereto), there has been no Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus
(exclusive of any supplement thereto).

22

(f) The
Company shall have requested and caused Withum to have furnished to the Representative, at the Execution Time and at the Closing Date
and any settlement date, as applicable, letters, dated respectively as of the Execution Time and as of the Closing Date and any settlement
date, as applicable, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative.

(g) Subsequent
to the Execution Time or, if earlier, the dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement (exclusive of any amendment
thereof), the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto), there shall not have been (i) any change
or decrease specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (f) of this Section 7 or (ii) any change, or any development involving
a prospective change, in or affecting the earnings, business, management, properties, assets, rights, operations, condition (financial
or otherwise) or prospects of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set
forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto) the effect of which, in
any case referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above, is, in the sole judgment of the Representative, so material and adverse as to make it
impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Offered Securities as contemplated by the Registration Statement
(exclusive of any amendment thereof), the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto).

(h) Prior
to the Closing Date, and any settlement date, as applicable, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative such further information,
certificates and documents as the Representative may reasonably request.

(i) FINRA
shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness or reasonableness of the underwriting or other arrangements of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

(j) The
Offered Securities shall be duly listed subject to notice of issuance on Nasdaq, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided
to the Representative.

(k) On
the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Trust Agreement, the Rights Agreement,
the Securities Subscription Agreement, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the Letter Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement
and the Administrative Services Agreement.

(l) At
least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date or a settlement date, as applicable, the Company shall have caused the required proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Units to be deposited into the Trust Account such that the cumulative amount deposited into the
Trust Account as of such Closing Date or such settlement date, as applicable, shall equal the product of the number of Units issued in
the Offering as of such Closing Date or such settlement date, as applicable, and the public offering price per Unit as set forth on the
cover of the Prospectus.

(m) No
order preventing or suspending the sale of the Units in any jurisdiction designated by the Representative pursuant to Section 6(ii) hereof
shall have been issued as of the Closing Date, and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall have been threatened.

If any of the conditions specified in this Section
7 shall not have been fulfilled when and as provided in this Agreement, or if any of the opinions and certificates mentioned above or
elsewhere in this Agreement shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters,
this Agreement and all obligations of the Underwriters hereunder may be canceled at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date by the
Representative. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or by telephone or facsimile confirmed in writing.

The documents required to be delivered by this Section
7 shall be delivered electronically, or if by mail, at the office of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel for the Underwriters,
at 525 University Avenue, Suite 1400, Palo Alto, California 94301, Attention: Gregg A. Noel and Brian D. Paulson, unless otherwise indicated
herein, on the Closing Date and any settlement date, as applicable.

23

8. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) Indemnification
of Underwriters. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees,
agents, affiliates and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of
the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party"), against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint
or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Act, the Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law
or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are
based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any part of any Registration Statement,
or in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus, any road show as defined in Rule 433(h) of the
Act or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon
the omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
and will reimburse each Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection
with investigating or defending against any loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever
(whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether threatened or commenced, and in connection with the enforcement of
this provision with respect to any of the above as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company will
not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement in or omission or alleged omission from any of such documents in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representative specifically for use therein, it being
understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in subsection
(b) below.

(b) Indemnification
of Company. Each Underwriter will severally and not jointly indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and each
of its officers who signs a Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15
of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Underwriter Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims,
damages or liabilities to which such Underwriter Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Act, the Exchange Act, other Federal
or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any part of any Registration
Statement, or in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus, any road show as defined in Rule
433(h) of the Act or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or
are based upon the omission or the alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf
of such Underwriter through the Representative specifically for use therein, and will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by such Underwriter Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability,
action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto), whether
threatened or commenced, based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission as such expenses
are incurred, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the
statements set forth under the heading Underwriting: the eighth paragraph and the first sentence of the seventeenth paragraph
under the heading Underwriting in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus constitute the
only information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the several Underwriters for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing
indemnity.

(c) Actions
Against Parties; Notification. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section of notice of the commencement of
any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under subsection (a)
or (b) above, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall
not relieve it from any liability that it may have under subsection (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it has been materially
prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided further that the failure to
notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under subsection (a) or (b). In case
any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying
party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly
notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of
the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of
its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section
for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable
costs of investigation. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement
of any pending or threatened action in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been
sought hereunder by such indemnified party unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from
all liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include a statement as to, or an admission of,
fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of an indemnified party.

24

(d) Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in this Section is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection
(a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of
the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in subsection (a) or (b) above (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the Offering of the Offered Securities
or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters
on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities as well as any
other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other
shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company
bear to the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters. The relative fault shall be determined by reference
to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state
a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The amount paid by an indemnified party
as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d) shall be deemed to
include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any action
or claim which is the subject of this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no Underwriter shall be required
to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter
with respect to the Offered Securities exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by
reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
The Underwriters obligations in this subsection (d) to contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations
and not joint. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section
8(d) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method
of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 8(d).

9. Default
of Underwriters. If any Underwriter or Underwriters default in their obligations to purchase Offered Securities agreed to be purchased
by such Underwriter or Underwriters hereunder and the aggregate number of Offered Securities that such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters
agreed but failed to purchase does not exceed 10% of the total number of Offered Securities that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase
on the Closing Date, the Representative may make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the purchase of such Offered Securities
by other persons, including any of the Underwriters, but if no such arrangements are made by the Closing Date, the non-defaulting Underwriters
shall be obligated severally, in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder, to purchase the Offered Securities that such defaulting
Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase on the Closing Date. If any Underwriter or Underwriters so default and the aggregate number
of Offered Securities with respect to which such default or defaults occur exceeds 10% of the total number of Offered Securities that the Underwriters are obligated to purchase on the Closing
Date and arrangements satisfactory to the Representative and the Company for the purchase of such Offered Securities by other persons
are not made within 36 hours after such default, this Agreement will terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter
or the Company, except as provided in Section 11 hereof (provided that if such default occurs with respect to Optional Securities
after the Closing Date, this Agreement will not terminate as to the Firm Securities or any Optional Securities purchased prior to such
termination). As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter includes any person substituted for an Underwriter
under this Section. Nothing herein will relieve a defaulting Underwriter from liability for its default.

25

10. Termination.
This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the absolute discretion of the Representative, by notice given to the Company prior
to delivery of and payment for the Offered Securities, if at any time prior to such delivery and payment (i) trading in the Companys
Units, Ordinary Shares or Rights shall have been suspended by the Commission, or trading in securities generally on the New York Stock
Exchange or Nasdaq (or successor trading market) shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices shall have been established on
such exchange or trading market, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by Federal or New York State authorities, (iii)
there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services, (iv) there shall
have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war, or other national
or international calamity or crisis (including, without limitation, an act of terrorism) or change in economic or political conditions
the effect of which on financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of the Representative, impractical or inadvisable
to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Offered Securities as contemplated by the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus (exclusive
of any supplement thereto), (v) since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus, any material adverse change or any development involving a prospective material adverse change in or affecting
the earnings, business, management, properties, assets, rights, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company,
whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (vi) the enactment, publication, decree or other promulgation of any statute,
regulation, rule or order of any court or other governmental authority which in the opinion of the Representative materially and adversely
affects or may materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company, or (vii) the taking of any action by any governmental
body or agency in respect of its monetary or fiscal affairs which in the opinion of the Representative has a material adverse effect on
the securities markets in the United States.

11. Survival
of Certain Representations and Obligations. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements
of the Company or its officers, directors and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain
in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter,
the Company or any of their respective representatives, officers, directors or any controlling person, and will survive delivery of and
payment for the Offered Securities. If the purchase of the Offered Securities by the Underwriters is not consummated for any reason other
than solely because of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9 hereof, the Company will reimburse the Underwriters for
all out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) reasonably incurred by them in connection with the offering of
the Offered Securities. The respective obligations of the Company and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8 hereof shall remain in effect
notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. In addition, if any Offered Securities have been purchased hereunder, the representations
and warranties in Section 2 and all obligations under Section 6 shall also remain in effect.

12. Notices.
All communications hereunder will be in writing and, if sent to the Underwriters, will be mailed or delivered and confirmed to the Representatives
at: c/o Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison Ave, New York, New York 10022, Attention: Equity Capital Markets, with a copy to
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 525 University Avenue, Suite 1400, Palo Alto, CA 94301, Attention: Gregg A. Noel and Brian
D. Paulson, or, if sent to the Company, will be mailed or delivered and confirmed to it at: Siddhi Acquisition Corp, 100 Wall Street,
20th Floor, New York, NY 10005 Attention: Sam Potter, with a copy to Loeb & Loeb LLP, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10154 Attention:
Giovanni Caruso; provided, however, that any notice to an Underwriter pursuant to Section 8 will be mailed or delivered
and confirmed to such Underwriter.

26

13. Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers, directors,
director nominees, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Section 8, and no other person will have any right or obligation
hereunder.

14. Representation
of Underwriters. The Representative will act for the several Underwriters in connection with this financing, and any action under
this Agreement taken by the Representative will be binding upon all the Underwriters.

15. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature,
and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement, if any, shall
include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use
of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent,
communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed
signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law,
including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

16. Absence
of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that:

(a) No
Other Relationship. The Underwriters have been retained solely to act as an underwriter in connection with the sale of Offered Securities
and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company and the Underwriters has been created in respect of any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Prospectus, irrespective of whether any Underwriter has advised or is advising
the Company on other matters;

(b) Arms
Length Negotiations. The price of the Offered Securities set forth in this Agreement was established by the Company following discussions
and arms length negotiations with the Representative and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands
and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(c) Absence
of Obligation to Disclose. The Company has been advised that the Underwriters and their affiliates are engaged in a broad range of
transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose
such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and

(d) Waiver.
The Company waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Underwriters for breach of fiduciary duty
or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Underwriters shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company
in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including
shareholders, employees or creditors of the Company.

17. Integration.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Underwriters,
or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

18. Headings.
The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

19. Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

27

The Company and each Underwriter hereby submits to
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company and each Underwriter irrevocably and
unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby in Federal and state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York and irrevocably and
unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit or proceeding in any such court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court
shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of which the Company is subject
by a suit upon such judgment.

20. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL.

THE COMPANY AND EACH UNDERWRITER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

21. Recognition
of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered
Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and
any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under
the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States
or a state of the United States.

In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered
Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights
under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriters are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or
a state of the United States.

22. Definitions.
The terms that follow, when used in this Agreement, shall have the meanings indicated.

Act shall mean the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Applicable Time shall mean 4:30
p.m. (New York City time) on the date of this Agreement.

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning
assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

Business Day shall mean any
day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorized or obligated
by law to close in New York City.

Commission shall mean the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Covered Entity means any of
the following:

(i) a covered
entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered
bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

28

(iii) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning
assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

Effective Date shall mean each
date and time that the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto and any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement
became or becomes effective.

Exchange Act shall mean the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Execution Time shall mean the
date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto.

Free Writing Prospectus shall
mean a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405.

Liquidation shall mean the distributions
of the Trust Account to the Public Shareholders in connection with the redemption of Ordinary Shares held by the Public Shareholders pursuant
to the terms of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, if the Company fails to consummate
a Business Combination.

Preliminary Prospectus shall
mean any preliminary prospectus referred to in Section 2(a) above and any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement
at the Effective Date that omits Rule 430A Information.

Prospectus shall mean the prospectus
relating to the Offered Securities that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the Execution Time.

Registration Statement shall
mean the registration statements referred to in paragraph 2(a) above, including exhibits and financial statements and any prospectus and
prospectus supplement relating to the Offered Securities that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and deemed part of
such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430A, as amended at the Execution Time and, in the event any post-effective amendment thereto
or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement becomes effective prior to the Closing Date, shall also mean such registration statement as
so amended or such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, as the case may be.

Rule 158, Rule 172,
Rule 405, Rule 419, Rule 424, Rule 430A, Rule
433, and Rule 462 refer to such rules under the Act.

Rule 430A Information shall
mean information with respect to the Offered Securities and the offering thereof permitted to be omitted from the Registration Statement
when it becomes effective pursuant to Rule 430A.

Rule 462(b) Registration Statement
shall mean a registration statement and any amendments thereto filed pursuant to Rule 462 relating to the Offering covered by the registration
statement referred to in Section 2(a) hereof.

Statutory Prospectus shall mean
(i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated March 7, 2025, relating to the Offered Securities and (ii) the Time of Delivery Information, if any,
set forth on Schedule II hereto.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime
means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

29

If the foregoing is in accordance with the Representatives
understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company one of the counterparts hereof, whereupon it will become a binding
agreement between the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

By: /s/ Sam Potter 

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed
and accepted as of the date first above written.

SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

By: /s/ Ryan Kelley

Name: Ryan Kelley

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Conrad Rubin

Name: Conrad Rubin

Title: Managing Director

Acting individually and as the Representative of
the several Underwriters.

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE I

Underwriter Number of 

Firm Securities 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC 24,000,000 

Total 24,000,000 

SCHEDULE I

SCHEDULE II

TIME OF DELIVERY INFORMATION

Siddhi Acquisition Corp priced 24,000,000 Units at
$10.00 per Unit, plus an additional 3,600,000 Units if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full.

The underwriting discounts and commissions shall
be $0.31042 per Unit, including (1) $0.01042 per unit on all units sold other than units sold per the underwriters over-allotment option
($250,000 in the aggregate and such amount to remain unchanged in the event the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in part
or in full) that shall be paid upon the closing of this Offering and (2) $0.30 per Unit on all units sold (up to $7,200,000 in the aggregate
or up to $8,280,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the aggregate payable
to the Underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed into the Trust Account and released to the Underwriters upon completion
of the initial Business Combination in accordance with the Trust Agreement.

The amounts in the Trust Account may be invested
only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

The Units will be issued pursuant to an effective
registration statement that has been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

This communication shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities law of any such state or
jurisdiction.

Copies of the prospectus related to this Offering
may be obtained from Santander US Capital Markets LLC at Santander US Capital Markets LLC, Attention: ECM Syndicate, 437 Madison Avenue,
New York, NY 10022, by email at equity-syndicate@santander.us, or by telephone at 833-818-1602.

SCHEDULE II

SCHEDULE III

SCHEDULE OF WRITTEN TESTING-THE-WATERS COMMUNICATIONS

Reference is made to the materials used in the testing-the-waters presentation
made to potential investors by the Company, to the extent such materials are deemed to be a written communication within
the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

SCHEDULE III
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex3-1_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM
AND

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION BY WAY OF SPECIAL

RESOLUTION DATED 31 MARCH 2025

OF

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

BY WAY OF SPECIAL RESOLUTION

DATED 31 MARCH 2025

OF

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

1. The name of the Company is Siddhi Acquisition Corp.

2. The registered office of the Company will be situated at the offices of Appleby Global Services (Cayman)
Limited, 71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, KY1-1106 or at such other place in the Cayman Islands as the Directors
may from time to time decide.

3. The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power
and authority to carry out any object that is not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

4. The liability of each Member is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on such Members shares.

5. The share capital of the Company is US$55,500.00 divided into 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a
par value of US$0.0001 each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 5,000,000 preference shares of a
par value of US$0.0001 each.

6. The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

7. Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company.

2

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

BY WAY OF SPECIAL RESOLUTION

DATED 31 MARCH 2025

OF

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

1. INTERPRETATION

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something
in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate: means, with respect
to a Person, any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under
common Control with, such Person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include such Persons spouse, parents, children,
siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in
such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, or a corporation, a company, a partnership or other entity
wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a corporation, a company, a partnership
or other entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control
with, such entity. The term Affiliated has meaning correlative to the foregoing;

Applicable Law: means, with respect
to any Person, all applicable provisions of all constitutions, treaties, statutes, laws (including the common law), codes, rules, regulations,
ordinances or orders of any Governmental Authority, and any orders, decisions, injunctions, judgments, awards and decrees of or agreements
with any Governmental Authority;

Articles: means these
amended and restated articles of association of the Company;

Audit Committee: means the audit
committee of the board of Directors of the Company formed pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee;

Auditor: means the Person for
the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any);

Business Combination: means a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with
one or more businesses or assets (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed
on a Designated Stock Exchange, must occur with one or more target businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80
per cent of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted,
and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of signing the definitive agreement to enter
into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal
operations;

3

business day: means any day other
than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by
law to close in New York City;

Clearing House: means a clearing
house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock
exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction;

Class A Share: means a Class
A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Class B Share: means a Class
B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Class B Share Conversion: means
the conversion of Class B Shares in accordance with Article 17;

Company: means the
above named company;

Companys Website: means
the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any);

Compensation Committee: means
the compensation committee of the board of Directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee;

Control: means with respect to
a Person, the power or authority, whether exercised or not, to direct the business, management and policies of such Person, directly or
indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; provided that such power or authority shall
conclusively be presumed to exist upon possession of beneficial ownership or power to direct the vote of more than fifty per cent (50%)
of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting of the members or shareholders of such Person or power to control the composition of a majority
of the board of directors of such Person. The terms Controlled and Controlling have meanings correlative to the foregoing;

Designated Stock Exchange: means
any national securities exchange or automated system on which the Companys securities are listed for trading, including The Nasdaq
Global Market;

Directors: means the
directors for the time being of the Company;

Dividend: means any dividend
(whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles;

Electronic Communication: means
a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address
or internet website (including the website of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods
as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors;

Electronic Record:
has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act;

Electronic Transactions Act:
means the Electronic Transactions Act (2003 Revision) of the Cayman Islands;

Equity-linked Securities: means
any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in
connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt;

Founders: means the Sponsor and
all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO;

4

Governmental Authority: means
any nation or government or any province or state or any other political subdivision thereof, or any entity, authority or body exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including any court, tribunal,
government authority, agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality or any political subdivision thereof, any court, tribunal
or arbitrator, and any self-regulatory organization;

Indemnified Person:
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 48.1;

Independent Director: has the
same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or the US Exchange Act, as the case may be;

Initial Conversion Ratio:
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 17.1;

IPO: means the Companys
initial public offering of securities; IPO Redemption: has the meaning given to it in Article 53.5; Management: has the meaning given
to it in Article 54.1; Member: has the same meaning as in the Statute;

Memorandum: means the
amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company;

Officer: means a person
appointed to hold an office in the Company;

Ordinary Resolution:
means a resolution:

(a) passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies
are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the
number of votes to which each Member is entitled; or

(b) approved in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in one
or more instruments each signed by one or more of the Members;

Ordinary Shares: means
together the Class A Shares and Class B Shares;

Over-Allotment Option: means
the option of the Underwriter to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the units issued in the IPO;

Person: means any individual,
corporation, company, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, exempted limited partnership, proprietorship, association,
joint venture, institution, public benefit corporation, exempted company, firm, trust, estate or other enterprise or entity (whether or
not having a separate legal personality) or Governmental Authority or any of them as the context so requires, other than in respect of
a Director or Officer of the Company in which circumstances Person shall mean any individual or entity permitted to act as such in accordance
with the laws of the Cayman Islands;

Preference Share: means a preference
share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Public Share: means
a Class A Share issued as part of the units issued in the IPO;

Redemption Notice: means a notice
in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject
to any conditions contained therein;

Redemption Limitation:
has the meaning given to it in Article 53.5;

5

Redemption Price: has
the meaning given to it in Article 53.5;

Register of Members: means the
register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register
of Members;

Registered Office:
means the registered office for the time being of the Company; 

Representative: means
a representative of the Underwriter;

Seal: means the common
seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal;

SEC: means the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission;

Share: means a Class A Share,
a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company;

Share Premium Account: means
the share premium account established in accordance with the Articles and the Statute;

Special Resolution: subject to
Article 30.4, has the same meaning in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution;

Sponsor: Siddhi Sponsor
LLC;

Statute: means the
Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands;

Treasury Share: means a Share
held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute;

Trust Account: means the trust
account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together
with a certain amount of the proceeds of the private placement of the warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be
deposited;

Underwriter: means an underwriter
of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter; and

US Exchange Act: means the United
States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder,
all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

1.2 In these Articles:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number
and vice versa;

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine
gender;

(c) words importing persons include corporations and any other
legal or natural persons;

(d) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words
in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may
shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

6

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular
or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or.
The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or
in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted
to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored
in construing the Articles;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record;

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles
themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act;

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall
not apply;

(m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the
day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect;

(n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a Person whose name is entered in the Register
of Members as the holder of such Share;

(o) reference to any determination by the Directors shall be construed as a determination by the Directors
in their sole and absolute discretion and shall be applicable either generally or in any particular case; and

(p) reference to a dollar or dollars or USD or US$ or $ and to a cent or cents is reference to dollars and
cents of the United States of America.

2. COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors
shall see fit.

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in
or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3. ISSUE OF SHARES AND OTHER SECURITIES

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company
in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors
may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred
or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to
such Persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary
such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of
a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability
of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion set out in the Articles.

7

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company,
upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine and for such purposes the Directors may reserve an appropriate number
of Shares for the time being unissued.

3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional
Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof
to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from
time to time determine and for such purposes the Directors may reserve an appropriate number of Shares for the time being unissued. The
securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day
following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO (or, if such date is not a business day, the following business day) unless the
Representative(s) determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with
the SEC and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities
comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4. REGISTER OF MEMBERS

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute.

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in
accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which
shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5. CLOSING OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING RECORD DATE

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or
any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination
of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, by any means in accordance with the requirements of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall
be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears
a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any
adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members
entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution,
the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or
other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of
Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

8

6. CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates
shall be signed by one or more Directors or other Person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued
with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled
and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than
one Person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any)
as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the
Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or
other Person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course
of delivery.

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable,
or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer
which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with
the Company.

7. TRANSFER OF SHARES

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other
competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options
or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register
the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors
so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or
its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time
to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of
Members.

9

8. REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute and the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may:

(a) issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company
in such manner and upon such other terms as the Directors may determine before the issuance of the Shares; and

(b) purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the
Directors may determine and agree with the relevant Member.

8.2 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner
permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.3 With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in Article 53;

(b) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in Article 53;
and

(c) Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration on a pro-rata
basis to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Founders will own 20 per cent of the Companys
issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO).

8.4 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its
own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member.
For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall
not require further approval of the Members.

8.5 Any Share in respect of which notice of redemption has been given shall not be entitled to participate
in the profits of the Company in respect of the period after the date specified as the date of redemption in the Redemption Notice.

8.6 The redemption, purchase or surrender of any Share shall not be deemed to give rise to the redemption,
purchase or surrender of any other Share.

8.7 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner
permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.8 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share (including any redeemable
share).

9. TREASURY SHARES

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share
shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they
think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10. VARIATION OF SHARE RIGHTS

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes
of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class)
may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of
the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect
upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds
of the issued Shares of that class, or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the votes
cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Article
in respect of Class B Share Conversion hereof, which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority
of the issued Shares of that class). For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation
may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the
provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall be one or
more Persons holding or representing by proxy at least one-third of the issued Shares of the class (but so that if at any adjourned meeting
of such holders a quorum as above defined is not present, those Members who are present shall form a quorum) and that any holder of Shares
of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

10

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of
Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals
under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights
shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation
or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights.

11. COMMISSION ON SALES OF SHARES

The Company may, in so far as the Statute
permits, pay a commission to any Person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally)
or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied
by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage
as may be lawful.

12. NON-RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS

The Company shall not be bound by or
compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except
only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to
the entirety thereof in the holder.

13. LIEN ON SHARES

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered
in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether
presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other Person, whether a Member or not, but the
Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The registration of a
transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall also extend to
any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has
a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice
has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the Person entitled to it in consequence of the
death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding
payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold.

11

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any Person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the
holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall
his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under
the Articles.

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the
amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently
payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the Person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14. CALLS ON SHARES

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members
in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving
at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the
amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required
to be paid by instalments. A Person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent
transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed.

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally
liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the Person from whom it is due shall pay
interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and
in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of
the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account
of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles
shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or
the interest to be paid.

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any
part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest
at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of
a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment,
become payable.

15. FORFEITURE OF SHARES

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may
give to the Person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together
with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify
where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will
be liable to be forfeited.

12

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment
required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other
distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as
the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the
Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any Person the Directors may authorise
some Person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that Person.

15.4 A Person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall
surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies
which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the
Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and
payable by him in respect of those Shares.

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer of the Company that a Share has been
forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all Persons claiming to be entitled to
the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the
Person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any,
nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale
or disposal of the Share.

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which,
by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium
as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

16. TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal representatives
(where he was a sole holder), shall be the only Persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased
Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any Person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect,
by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some Person nominated by him registered
as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another Person registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of
transfer of that Share to that Person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as
they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be.

16.3 A Person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and
other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member
in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise
any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring
any such Person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some Person nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share
(but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of
a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by
transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined
pursuant to the Articles) the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies
payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

13

17. CLASS B SHARE CONVERSION

17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and
the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to Article 10 (Variation of Share
Rights) and Article 30 (Appointment and Removal of Directors)) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion
rights referred to in this Article 17. Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial
Conversion Ratio): (a) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof; and (b) automatically at the time of the
closing of the Business Combination.

17.2 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other
Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the
closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the closing
of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed
issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in
the aggregate, 20 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares
and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked
Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor or
its Affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company.

17.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion
Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written
consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class
in the manner provided in Article 10 (Variation of Share Rights) hereof.

17.4 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any share capitalisations, subdivision
(by share split, subdivision, exchange, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by reverse share
split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation
of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a
proportionate and corresponding share capitalisation, subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the
Class B Shares in issue.

17.5 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number
of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class
A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total
number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

14

17.6 References in this Article to converted, conversion or exchange
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application
of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a
price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued
as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

17.7 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into
Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

18. AMENDMENTS OF MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AND ALTERATION OF CAPITAL

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid- up Shares of
any denomination;

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital
into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any Person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to
the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as
the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be
dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 30.4, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) change its name;

(b) alter or add to the Articles;

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve
fund.

19. OFFICES AND PLACE OF BUSINESS

Subject to the provisions of the Statute,
the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered
Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

15

20. GENERAL MEETINGS

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings.

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute or, for so long as any Shares are traded
on a Designated Stock Exchange) be obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the
meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint.
At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

20.3 The Directors or the chairman of the board of Directors may, whenever they think fit, call general meetings.

20.4 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment
as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not less than one hundred
and twenty calendar days before the date of the Companys proxy statement released to Members in connection with the previous years
annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous year, or if the date of the current years
annual general meeting has been changed by more than thirty days from the date of the previous years annual general meeting, then
the deadline shall be set by the Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its
related proxy materials.

21. NOTICE
OF GENERAL MEETINGS

21.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the
place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be
given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company by Ordinary Resolution to
such Persons as are, under the Articles, entitled to receive such notices from the Company , provided that a general meeting of the Company
shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding
general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par value of the Shares giving that right.

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non-receipt of notice of a general
meeting by, any Person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting.

22. PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

22.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. Save as otherwise provided
by the Articles, one or more Members holding at least a majority of the paid up voting share capital of the Company present in person
or by proxy and entitled to vote at that meeting, or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorized representative
or proxy shall form a quorum.

22.2 A Person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone, video, a virtual platform or other
communications equipment by means of which all the Persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other.
Participation by a Person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

16

22.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on
behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations
or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had
been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

22.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the
meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or place as
the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the
meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

22.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any Person
to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of
the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present
within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect
one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after
the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed
by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

22.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting. All
proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general
meeting which has already been postponed.

22.9 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided
on a poll.

22.10 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors,
in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place,
the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place,
day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members.
No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

22.11 A poll shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed
to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.12 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman of the general meeting shall be entitled to a second
or casting vote.

22.13 A poll on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll
on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and any business other
than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

17

23. VOTES OF MEMBERS

23.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares (including as set out at Article 30.4), every
Member who being an individual is present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person is present by its duly
authorised representative or by proxy, shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder.

23.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by
proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted
to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction
in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other Person on such Members
behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other Person may vote by proxy.

23.4 No Person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the
record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid.

23.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned
general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection
made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non- natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments
to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares
in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way
on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting
a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments
may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from
voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

24. PROXIES

24.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor
or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non-natural person, under the hand of its
duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member.

24.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy
sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being
not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or
adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the
Person named in the instrument proposes to vote.

18

24.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to
have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have
been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid.

24.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors
may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

24.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the
previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the
transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer
was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it
is sought to use the proxy.

25. CORPORATE MEMBERS

Any corporation or other non-natural
person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its
directors or other governing body, authorise such Person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or
of any class of Members, and the Person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which
he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member.

26. CLEARING HOUSES

If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)),
being a corporation, is a Member it may authorise such Person or Persons as it thinks fit to act as its representative or representatives
at any general meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that, if more than one Person is so authorised,
the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such Person is so authorised. A Person so authorised
pursuant to this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise
the same powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee(s)) which he represents as if such Person was the registered holder of
such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

27. SHARES THAT MAY NOT BE VOTED

Shares in the Company that are beneficially
owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number
of outstanding Shares at any given time.

28. DIRECTORS

28.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution from time to time fix the maximum and minimum number of Directors
to be appointed but unless such numbers are fixed as aforesaid the minimum number of Directors shall be one (exclusive of alternate Directors)
and the maximum number of Directors shall be unlimited.

28.2 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of Directors
in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify
themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys
first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys second annual general
meeting and the Class III Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys
third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter,
Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding
annual general meeting after their appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between
annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors
and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled
vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in
office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until
the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed
to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the
Director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified.

19

29. POWERS OF DIRECTORS

29.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Company. No
alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of the Directors at which a quorum
is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors.

29.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments
and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed, as the case may be,
in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

29.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any
Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions
to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

29.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its
undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock,
mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party.

29.5 The Directors shall have the authority to present a winding up petition on behalf of the Company without
the sanction of a resolution passed by the Company in general meeting.

30. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

30.1 Subject to Article 30.2, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any Person to be a Director or
may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. The Directors may appoint any Person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as
an additional Director, provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance
with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors.

30.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, only holders of Class B Shares will have the right
to vote on the election and the removal of Directors pursuant to Article 30.1. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the consummation of
a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

20

30.3 After the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person
to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

30.4 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 30.2 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by holders of a majority of at least ninety per cent of the Shares which, being entitled to do so, are voted in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a Special Resolution
has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution.

31. VACATION OF OFFICE OF DIRECTOR

The office of a Director shall
be vacated if:

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or

(b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy or an alternate
Director appointed by him) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors,
and the Directors pass a resolution that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally;
or

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as
a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance
with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors; or

(f) the Director is removed from office pursuant to any other
provision of the Articles.

32. PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS

32.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless
so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office.

32.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting of the Directors shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the
chairman shall have a second or casting vote. A Director who is also an alternate Director shall be entitled in the absence of his appointor
to a separate vote on behalf of his appointor in addition to his or her own vote.

32.3 A Person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone,
video, a virtual platform or other communications equipment by means of which all the Persons participating in the meeting can communicate
with each other at the same time. Participation by a Person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.
Unless otherwise determined by the Directors the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the
start of the meeting.

32.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of
a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office
by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution (an alternate Director being entitled
to sign such a resolution on behalf of his appointor and if such alternate Director is also a Director, being entitled to sign such resolution
both on behalf of his appointer and in his capacity as a Director) shall be as valid and effectual
as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held.

21

32.5 A Director may, or other Officer of the Company on the direction of a Director, call a meeting of the
Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director and alternate Director which notice shall set forth the general nature
of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors (or their alternates) either at, before or after the meeting
is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the
Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

32.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any
vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary
quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to
such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

32.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he or she is to hold
office, but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed
for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

32.8 Subject to any regulations imposed on it by the Directors, including where the Directors have designated
a chairman of the committee, a committee appointed by the Directors may elect a chairman of its meetings and determine the period for
which he is to hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after
the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the committee members present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

32.9 A committee appointed by the Directors may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. Subject to any regulations
imposed on it by the Directors, questions arising at any committee meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes of the committee
members present and in case of an equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

32.10 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors (including any Person
acting as an alternate Director) shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment
of any Director or alternate Director, and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were
not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such Person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director or alternate
Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to vote, as the case may be.

32.11 A Director but not an alternate Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors
by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed
to be that of the appointing Director.

33. PRESUMPTION OF ASSENT

A Director or alternate Director who
is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to
the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such
action with the Person acting as the chairman of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered
post to such Person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director or alternate
Director who voted in favour of such action.

22

34. DIRECTORS INTERESTS

34.1 A Director or alternate Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other
than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise
as the Directors may determine.

34.2 A Director or alternate Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm, in a professional
capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director or
alternate Director.

34.3 A Director or alternate Director may be or become a director or other Officer of or otherwise interested
in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and
no such Director or alternate Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a
director or Officer of, or from his interest in, such other company.

34.4 No Person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or alternate Director or prevented by such
office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction
entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director or alternate Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable
to be avoided, nor shall any Director or alternate Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company
for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director or alternate Director
holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director (or his alternate Director in his absence) shall be at
liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest of any Director
or alternate Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

34.5 A general notice that a Director or alternate Director is a shareholder, director, Officer or employee
of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient
disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such
general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

35. MINUTES

35.1 The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments
of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors,
and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the Directors or alternate Directors present at each meeting.

36. DELEGATION OF DIRECTORS POWERS

36.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate,
to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee, and the Compensation Committee);
any committee so formed shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any conditions that may be imposed on it by the Directors.
The Directors may also delegate to any managing director or any Director holding any other executive office such of their powers, authorities
and discretions as they consider desirable to be exercised by him provided that an alternate Director may not act as managing director
and the appointment of a managing director shall be revoked forthwith if he ceases to be a Director. Any such delegation may be made subject
to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation
may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions that may be imposed by the Directors, the proceedings of a
committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

23

36.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any Person to be a manager
or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any Person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies
and such Person need not be a Director or Officer of the Company. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors
may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by
the Directors. Subject to any such conditions that may be imposed by the Directors, the proceedings of any such committee, local board
or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

36.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review and assess
the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary
to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to
the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, and the Compensation Committee, if established, shall consist
of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to
time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, and the Compensation
Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law.

36.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any Person to be the agent of the Company
on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be
revoked by the Directors at any time.

36.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, Person or body of Persons,
whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose
and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and
for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain
such provisions for the protection and convenience of Persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors
may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions
vested in him.

36.6 The Directors may from time to time appoint any Person, whether or not a Director, to hold such office
in the Company as the Directors may think necessary for the administration of the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without
limitation, a chairman, chief executive officer, president, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, vice-presidents, secretary,
assistant secretaries, treasurer or any other officers as may be determined by the Directors), for such term and at such remuneration
(whether by way of salary or commission or participation in profits or partly in one way and partly in another), and with such powers
and duties as the Directors may think fit. Any Person so appointed by the Directors may be removed by resolution of the Directors or by
the Company by Ordinary Resolution. An Officer of the Company may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company
that he resigns his office.

37. ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

37.1 Any Director (but not an alternate Director) may by writing appoint any other Director, or any other Person
willing to act, to be an alternate Director and by writing may remove from office an alternate Director so appointed by him.

24

37.2 An alternate Director shall be entitled to receive notice of all meetings of Directors and of all meetings
of committees of Directors of which his appointor is a member, to attend and vote at every such meeting at which the Director appointing
him is not personally present, to sign any written resolution of the Directors (except where such written resolution of the Directors
have been signed by the appointing Director), and generally to perform all the functions of his appointor as a Director in his absence.

37.3 An alternate Director shall cease to be an alternate Director if his appointor ceases to be a Director.

37.4 Any appointment or removal of an alternate Director shall be by notice to the Company signed by the Director
making or revoking the appointment or in any other manner approved by the Directors.

37.5 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, an alternate Director shall be deemed for all purposes to be
a Director and shall alone be responsible for his own acts and defaults and shall not be deemed to be the agent of the Director appointing
him.

38. NO MINIMUM SHAREHOLDING

The Company in general meeting may fix
a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed, a Director
is not required to hold Shares.

39. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

39.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall
determine. The Directors shall also be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection
with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of
the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge
of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination
partly of one such method and partly the other.

39.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which
in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney
or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity, shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director.

40. SEAL

40.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority
of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall
be signed by at least one Person who shall be either a Director or Officer of the Company or other Person appointed by the Directors for
the purpose.

40.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals
each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face
of the name of every place where it is to be used.

40.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the
Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or to
be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

25

41. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS AND RESERVE

41.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any
Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or
other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend
shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company,
out of the Share Premium Account or as otherwise permitted by law.

41.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank
for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

41.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money
(if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

41.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution
of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company
or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as
they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any
part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust
the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

41.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may
be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how
any costs involved are to be met.

41.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as
they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company
and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

41.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be
paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or,
in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such Person
and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order
of the Person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

41.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against
the Company.

41.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after
six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid
into a separate account in the Companys name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account
and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed
after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert
to the Company.

26

42. CAPITALISATION

The Directors may at any time capitalise
any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including the Share Premium Account and capital redemption
reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such
sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of
profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment
and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts
and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think
fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue
to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any Person to enter on behalf of all of the Members
interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement
made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

43. SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT

43.1 The Directors shall in accordance with the Statute establish a Share Premium Account and shall carry to
the credit of such account from time to time a sum equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any Share.

43.2 There shall be debited to any Share Premium Account on the redemption or purchase of a Share the difference
between the nominal value of such Share and the redemption or purchase price provided always that at the determination of the Directors
such sum may be paid out of the profits of the Company or, if permitted by the Statute, out of capital.

44. BOOKS OF ACCOUNT

44.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying documentation
including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in
respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities
of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper
books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the
state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

44.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions
or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and
no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred
by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

44.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and
loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law.

45. AUDIT

45.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors
determine.

27

45.2 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable
of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy.

45.3 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers
of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers of the Company such information and explanation as may
be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

45.4 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their
tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the
Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of
a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office,
upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Company.

45.5 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if any of the Shares
(or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations of
the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other compentent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors
shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the board of Directors and shall adopt a formal written audit committee
charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the
Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee (if one exists) shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or
more frequently as circumstances dictate.

45.6 If any of the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a Designated Stock Exchange,
the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee
for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

45.7 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists) or otherwise by
the Directors.

45.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval
of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

46. NOTICES

46.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending
it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is
given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). For so long as any of the Shares are traded on a Designated
Stock Exchange, notice must also be served in accordance with the requirements of the Designated Stock Exchange. Notice may also be served
by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or by placing it on the Companys Website.

28

46.2 Where a notice is sent by:

(a) courier, service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company,
and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on
which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) post, service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting
a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public
holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) cable, telex or fax, service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending
such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) e-mail service shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided
by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for
the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

(e) placing it on the Companys Website, service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected
one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

46.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the Person or Persons which the Company has been advised are entitled
to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be
given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the
bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the Persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option
of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

46.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder
of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders
the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every Person upon whom the ownership
of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but
for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other Person shall be entitled to receive notices
of general meetings.

47. WINDING UP

47.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding
up:

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole
of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the
Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the
whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members
in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares
in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise.

47.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and
with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in
kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may
for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of
Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit
of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset
upon which there is a liability.

29

48. INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE

48.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company),
together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person) shall be indemnified out of the
assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses,
whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such
liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall
be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of
their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No
person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent
jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

48.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity
will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking
to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified
Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall
not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person.

48.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director
or Officer of the Company against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such Person in respect
of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such Person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

49. FINANCIAL YEAR

Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe,
the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st
January in each year.

50. TRANSFER BY WAY OF CONTINUATION

If the Company is exempted as defined
in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register
by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the
Cayman Islands.

51. MERGERS AND CONSOLIDATIONS

The Company shall have the power to
merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may determine
and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

30

52. DISCLOSURE

The Directors, Officers of the Company
or any authorised service providers (including the registered office agent of the Company), shall be entitled to disclose to any regulatory
or judicial authority, or to any Designated Stock Exchange on which the Shares may from time to time be listed, any information regarding
the affairs of the Company including, without limitation, information contained in the Register of Members and books of the Company.

53. BUSINESS COMBINATION

53.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail.

53.2 Prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, the Company
shall either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to the Members for approval;
or

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a
per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable,
if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount
that would cause the Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001 following such repurchases. Such obligation to repurchase
Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates.

53.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the US Exchange
Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing such Business
Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights
as is required under Regulation 14A of the US Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed
Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of
the US Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC.

53.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article,
in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business
Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at
least US$5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may
be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination.

53.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, in connection
with any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements
provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption), provided that no such Member acting together with
any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other
group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 per
cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and provided further that any beneficial holder of
Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption
election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of
whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable) and not previously
released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to
herein as the Redemption Price), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved
and consummated. The Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001
following such redemptions (the Redemption Limitation).

31

53.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine
(in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part).

53.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 24 months from the consummation
of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall:

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US$100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members
rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of Applicable Law.

53.8 In
the event that any amendment is made to the Articles:

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a
Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 24 months
after the date of the closing of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, or

(b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity,
of the Articles relating to the rights of holders of Class A Shares, each holder of Public Shares who is
not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval
or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The Companys ability to provide such redemption in this Article is subject
to the Redemption Limitation.

53.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the
event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust
Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public
Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

32

53.10 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company
shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

53.11 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the Company must complete
one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account
(net of amounts previously disbursed to the Companys management for taxes and excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts
held in the Trust Account) at the time of the Companys signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination.
A Business Combination must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

53.12 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest
with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

53.13 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor,
a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with a target that is Affiliated
with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of
target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an
independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

54. BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

54.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an officer (Management)
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces
any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate
opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director
and/or officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself,
directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the
Company.

54.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge.

54.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that
is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities.
To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future
and that have been conducted in the past.

33

55. EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND FORUM

55.1 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman
Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles
or otherwise related in any way to each Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of
the Company;

(b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or
other duty owed by any current or former Director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum or the Articles;
or

(d) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed
by the Internal Affairs Doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States of America).

55.2 Each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes.

55.3 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum
and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

54.4 This Article 54 shall not apply to any action or suits brought
to enforce any liability or duty created by the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or any claim for
which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive
forum for determination of such a claim.

34
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex4-1_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 31, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS WARRANT AGENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

SHARE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Share Rights Agreement
(this Agreement) is made as of March 31, 2025 between Siddhi Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company
(the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, (the Share
Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an agreement with Santander US Capital Markets LLC (Representative), as representative of the several
underwriters, for the Companys initial public offering (Public Offering) pursuant to which the underwriters
will purchase up to an aggregate of 27,600,000 units (including up to 3,600,000 additional units if the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full), each unit (Unit) comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, $0.0001
par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share (a Public
Share Right) upon the happening of the triggering event described herein, and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver
up to an aggregate of 27,600,000 Public Share Rights upon consummation of such Public Offering, 3,600,000 of which are attributable to
the over-allotment option;

WHEREAS, the Company has filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-285648,
as amended (Registration Statement), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act) of, among other securities, the Units, Public Share Rights, and the Ordinary Shares issuable
to the holders of the Units and Public Share Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into agreements with Siddhi Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor) to purchase up to an aggregate of 338,000 private units
in a private placement transaction to occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, with each Unit comprised of one
Ordinary Share and one Share Right (the Private Share Rights);

WHEREAS, up to $1,500,000
of working capital loans, as described in the Registration Statement, may be converted into up to 150,000 private placement-equivalent
units, with each Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share and one Share Right (the Working Capital Share Rights,
together with the Private Share Rights and the Public Share Rights, the Share Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company desires
the Share Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Share Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance,
registration, transfer and exchange of the Share Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to provide for the form and provisions of the Share Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation
of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Share Rights Agent, and the holders of the Share Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things
have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Share Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by
or on behalf of the Share Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize
the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment
of Share Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Share Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Share Rights, and
the Share Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

2. Share
Rights.

2.1 Form
of Share Right. Each Share Right shall be issued in registered or book-entry form, as requested by the Company or the holder of a
Share Right. Any Share Rights issued in registered form shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which
are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer,
President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary. In the event the person whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon any Share Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Share Right
before such Share Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance.

2.2 Effect
of Countersignature. Except with respect to uncertificated Share Rights as described in Section 2.1 above, unless and until countersigned
by the Share Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a registered Share Right shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exchanged
for Ordinary Shares.

2.3 Registration.

2.3.1 Share
Right Register. The Share Rights Agent shall maintain books (Right Register) for the registration of original
issuance and the registration of transfer of the Share Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Share Rights, the Share Rights Agent shall
issue and register the Share Rights in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with
instructions delivered to the Share Rights Agent by the Company.

2.3.2 Registered
Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Share Right, the Company and the Share Rights Agent may deem
and treat the person or entity in whose name such Share Right shall be registered upon the Share Right Register (Registered
Holder) as the absolute owner of such Share Right and of each Share Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation
of ownership or other writing on the Share Right Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Share Rights Agent), for the
purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Share Rights Agent shall be affected by any
notice to the contrary.

2.4 Detachability
of Share Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Share Rights, will not be separately transferable until the fifty
second (52nd) day after the date of the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (or, if such date is not a business day, the
following business day) unless the Representative informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, but in no event
will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin until (i) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes
an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including the proceeds received
by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date hereof, and (ii)
the Company issues a press release and files a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin.

3. Terms
and Exchange of Share Rights.

3.1 Share
Rights. Each Share Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the occurrence
of an Exchange Event (as defined below). Subject to Section 3.3.1 below with respect to the Registered Holders of Share Rights, in
the event that the Company is not the surviving entity immediately following the Exchange Event, holders of Share Rights shall be
entitled to automatically receive the kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity as the holders of each
one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share is entitled to receive in the Exchange Event. No additional consideration shall be paid by a
holder of Share Rights in order to receive his, her or its Ordinary Share upon the Exchange Event as the purchase price for such
number of Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Share Rights or issue fractional Ordinary Shares.

2

3.2 Exchange
Event. The exchange event (the Exchange Event) shall be the Companys consummation of an initial
Business Combination (as defined in the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association (as may amended, restated or amended and
restated (the Articles)).

3.2.1 Issuance
of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of the Exchange Event, the Company shall direct Registered Holders of
the Share Rights to return their Share Rights Certificates (physically or electronically) to the Share Rights Agent, subject to dissenter
rights to the extent provided by applicable law, if any, in the event that the Company is not the surviving entity in a Business Combination.
Upon receipt of a valid Share Rights Certificate, the Company shall issue to the holder of such Share Right(s) the number of whole Ordinary
Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it and issue to such holder
a book-entry position for such Ordinary Shares; provided that in the event that the Company is not the surviving entity following the
Exchange Event, the Company shall notify the registered holders of Share Rights at least two business days prior to the occurrence of
the Exchange Event and the registered holders of Share Rights shall have the right to receive the kind and amount of securities or properties
of the surviving entity pursuant to Section 3.3.4 of this Agreement provided that they affirmatively elect to such conversion. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, or any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
the Share Rights. The Company shall not issue fractional Ordinary Shares upon exchange of Share Rights. At the time of the Exchange Event,
the Company will instruct the Share Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole Ordinary Share or otherwise addressed in accordance
with the applicable provisions of Cayman Islands law and the Articles.

3.2.2 Valid
Issuance. All Ordinary Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable.

3.2.3 Date
of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position for Ordinary Shares is issued and the register of members of the Company
updated shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective
of the date of delivery of such book-entry position.

3.2.4 Company
Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not being the surviving entity, the definitive
agreement will provide for the holders of Share Rights to receive the same kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving
entity as the holders of the Ordinary Shares will receive with the Exchange Event, for the number of Ordinary Shares such holder is entitled
to pursuant to Section 3.3.1 above.

3.3 Duration
of Share Rights. If the Exchange Event does not occur within the time period as described in the Articles and all amendments thereto,
and such Business Combination has not yet been consummated within the applicable time period, the Share Rights shall expire and shall
be worthless.

4. Transfer
and Exchange of Share Rights.

4.1 Registration
of Transfer. The Share Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Share Right upon the
Share Right Register, in the case of certificated Share Rights, upon surrender of such Share Right for transfer, properly endorsed
with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, of a certified
Share Right, a new Share Right representing an equal aggregate number of Share Rights shall be issued and the old Share Right shall
be cancelled by the Share Rights Agent. The certificated Share Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the Share Rights Agent to
the Company from time to time upon request.

3

4.2 Procedure
for Surrender of Share Rights. Certificated Share Rights may be surrendered to the Share Rights Agent, together with a written request
for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Share Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new certificated Share Rights
as requested by the Registered Holder of the Share Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Share Rights; provided,
however, that in the event that a Share Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Share Rights Agent shall not cancel
such Share Right and issue new Share Rights in exchange therefor until the Share Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the
Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Share Rights must also bear a restrictive legend.

4.3 Fractional
Share Rights. The Share Rights Agent will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange or transfer of Share Rights.
Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law
and the Articles. As a result, you must hold Share Rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your Share Rights upon
the Exchange Event.

4.4 Service
Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Share Rights.

4.5 Adjustments
to Conversion Ratios. The number of Ordinary Shares that the holders of Share Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence
of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share subdivision, share dividend, reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the Ordinary Shares occurring
on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

4.6 Share
Right Execution and Countersignature. The Share Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, the Share Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company,
whenever required by the Share Rights Agent, will supply the Share Rights Agent with Share Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company
for such purpose.

5. Other
Provisions Relating to Share Rights of Holders of Share Rights.

5.1 No
Share Rights as Shareholder. Until exchange of a Share Right for Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Share Right does not entitle
the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive
dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect
of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2 Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Share Rights. If any Share Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Share
Rights Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated
Share Right, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Share Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Share Right so lost,
stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Share Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether
or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Share Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3 Reservation
of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares
that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Share Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

4

6. Concerning
the Share Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1 Payment
of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Share
Rights Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Share Rights, but the Company shall not be
obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Share Rights or such shares.

6.2 Resignation,
Consolidation, or Merger of Share Rights Agent.

6.2.1 Appointment
of Successor Share Rights Agent. The Share Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be
discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If
the office of the Share Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing
a successor Share Rights Agent in place of the Share Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period
of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Share Rights Agent or by the holder of the Share
Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Share Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Share Right
may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Share Rights Agent
at the Companys cost. Any successor Share Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan,
City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination
by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Share Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights,
immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Share Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named as Share Rights Agent
hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Share Rights Agent
shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Share Rights Agent all the authority,
powers, and Share Rights of such predecessor Share Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Share Rights Agent the Company
shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming
to such successor Share Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

6.2.2 Notice
of Successor Share Rights Agent. In the event a successor Share Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof
to the predecessor Share Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3 Merger
or Consolidation of Share Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Share Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated
or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Share Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor
Share Rights Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

6.3 Fees
and Expenses of Share Rights Agent.

6.3.1 Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Share Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Share Rights Agent hereunder and will
reimburse the Share Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Share Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of
its duties hereunder.

6.3.2 Further
Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged,
and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Share Rights Agent
for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

5

6.4 Liability
of Share Rights Agent.

6.4.1 Reliance
on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Share Rights Agent shall deem it necessary
or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact
or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established
by a statement signed by Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary and delivered to the Share Rights Agent. The Share Rights Agent may rely upon such statement for
any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2 Indemnity.
The Share Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section
6.6, the Company agrees to indemnify the Share Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments,
costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Share Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as
a result of the Share Rights Agents gross negligence or intentional misconduct.

6.4.3 Exclusions.
The Share Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or
execution of any Share Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant
or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Share Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation
or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Share Right or
as to whether any Ordinary Shares will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5 Acceptance
of Agency. The Share Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the
terms and conditions herein set forth.

6.6 Waiver.
The Share Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, by and between the Company and the Share Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement,
payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

7. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

7.1 Successors.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Share Rights Agent shall bind and inure
to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

7.2 Notices.
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Share Rights Agent or by the holder of any Share
Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail
or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in
writing by the Company with the Share Rights Agent), as follows:

6

Any notice, statement or
demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Share Right or by the Company to or on the Share Rights
Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier
service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the
Share Rights Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Compliance Department

And

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

Wall Street, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10005

Attn: Sam Potter

with a copy to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso, Esq.

7.3 Applicable
Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Share Rights shall be governed
in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application
of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out
of or relating in any way to this Agreement, including under the Securities Act, shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which
jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served
by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address
set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any
action, proceeding or claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce
any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal district courts
of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest
in the Share Rights shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 7.3. If any
action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within
the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action)
in the name of any Share Rights holder, such Share Rights holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action),
and (y) having service of process made upon such Share Rights holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Share Rights
holders counsel in the foreign action as agent for such Share Rights holder.

7.4 Persons
Having Share Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the
provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties
hereto and the Registered Holders of the Share Rights and, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of
any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and
agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and
assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Share Rights.

7

7.5 Examination
of this Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Share Rights Agent in
the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Share Right. The Share Rights Agent
may require any such holder to submit his, her or its Share Right for inspection by it.

7.6 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Copies of executed counterparts of this Agreement transmitted by electronic transmission (including by email or in .pdf format) or facsimile
as well as electronically or digitally executed counterparts (such as DocuSign) shall have the same legal effect as original signatures
and shall be considered irrevocable originally executed counterparts of this Agreement.

7.7 Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

7.8 Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity,
or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not
adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders in any material respect. All other modifications or amendments shall require the
written consent or vote of the Registered Holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding Public Share Rights, to make any change that
adversely affects the interests of the Registered Holders of Public Share Rights in any material respect and, solely with respect to any
amendment to the terms of the Private Share Rights or Working Capital Share Rights or any provision of this Agreement with respect to
the Private Share Rights, or Working Capital Share Rights (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the forfeiture or cancellation of any
Private Share Rights or Working Capital Share Rights), 50% of the number of then outstanding Private Share Rights and Working Capital
Share Rights.

7.9 Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

By: /s/ Sam Potter

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Leicia Savinetti

Name: Leicia Savinetti

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Share
Rights Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Form of Share Right

NUMBER RIGHTS

________R 

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

CUSIP []

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received

_____________is the registered
holder of a right or rights (the Share Right or Share Rights, respectively) to receive one-tenth of one Class
A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Shares), of Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the Company)
for each Share Right evidenced by this Share Right Certificate on the Companys completion of an initial business combination (as
defined in the prospectus relating to the Companys initial public offering (Prospectus) upon surrender of this Share
Right Certificate pursuant to the Share Rights Agreement (the Share Rights Agreement) between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Share Rights Agent). In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
any Share Right.

Upon liquidation of the Company
in the event an initial business combination is not consummated during the required period as identified in the Companys Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Share Right(s) shall expire and
be worthless. The holder of a Share Right or Share Rights shall have no right or interest of any kind in the Companys trust account
(as defined in the Prospectus).

Upon due presentment for registration
of transfer of the Share Right Certificate at the office or agency of the Share Rights Agent a new Share Right Certificate or Share Right
Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Share Rights shall be issued to the transferee in exchange
for this Share Right Certificate, without charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental charge.

The Company and the Share
Rights Agent may deem and treat the registered holder as the absolute owner of this Share Right Certificate (notwithstanding any notation
of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any conversion hereof, of any distribution to the registered
holder, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Share Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

Holders of a Share Right or
Share Rights are not entitled to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company.

Dated:

Secretary [Corporate Seal] Chairman of the Board

2025 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face
of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT-_____Custodian_____

TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties (Cust) (Minor)

JT TEN as joint tenants with right of survivorship

and not as tenants in common Act under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act _____________ (State)

Additional Abbreviations may also be used though
not in the above list.

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

The Company will furnish without
charge to each shareholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of shares or series thereof of the Company and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of such preferences
and/or rights. This certificate and the rights represented thereby are issued and shall be held subject to all the provisions of the Share
Rights Agreement, and all amendments thereto, to all of which the holder of this certificate by acceptance hereof assents.

For value received,___________________________
hereby sell, assign and transfer unto

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)

Rights represented by the within Certificate,
and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint _____________________________________________________________________________________
Attorney to transfer the said Rights on the books of the within named Company will full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated ___________

Notice: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s) Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex10-1_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, MARCH 31, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

March 31, 2025

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

100 Wall Street, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10005

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter
Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
entered into by and among Siddhi Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) and Santander
US Capital Markets LLC as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 27,600,000 of the Companys
units (including up to 3,600,000 units which may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units),
each comprised of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Class A Ordinary Shares)
and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (a
Right). The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1
(File No. 333-285648) and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) and the Company shall apply to have the Units listed on the Nasdaq Global Market.
Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Siddhi Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Sponsor) and each of the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys board
of directors and/or management team (each an Insider and, collectively, the Insiders),
hereby agree with the Company as follows:

1. The
Sponsor and each Insider agree that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with
such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote all Founder Shares and any shares acquired by it, him or her in the Public
Offering or the secondary public market in favor of such proposed Business Combination, except that it, he or she shall not vote any Class
A Ordinary Shares that it, he or she purchased after the Company publicly announces its intention to engage in such proposed Business
Combination for or against such proposed Business Combination and (ii) not redeem any Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her
in connection with such shareholder approval. If the Company seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender
offer, the Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection
herewith.

2. The
Sponsor and each Insider agree that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination by the date that is within
21 months from the closing of the Public Offering (or 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering if we have executed a definitive
agreement for an initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering) or until such earlier date as
the Companys board of directors may approve, or such later date as the Companys shareholders may approve, in each case in
accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the
Completion Window and the Memorandum and Articles, respectively), the Sponsor
and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor,
redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares),
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish the Public Shareholders
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and
the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. The Sponsor and the Insiders agree to not propose any
amendment to the Memorandum and Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion
Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-initial
Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares
upon effectiveness of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account including interest earned on the Trust Account and not previously release to the Company to pay its income or franchise taxes,
divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, subject to applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it,
he or she will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by
it, him or her if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window; although it, he or she will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Offering Shares it, he or she holds if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby further acknowledge that it, he or she will
not be entitled to (a) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Offering Shares held by it, him or her, in connection
with the consummation of a Business Combination, or (b) redemption rights with respect to Founder Shares and Offering Shares held by it,
him or her in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Memorandum and Articles in the manner described above.

3. To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Memorandum and Articles, the Company hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, hold harmless
and exonerate (including the advancement of expenses to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the Sponsor and its members (present
and former), managers and affiliates and their respective present and former officers and directors (each, a Sponsor Indemnitee)
from any and all costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, reasonable attorneys fees and amounts paid in
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such costs, fees,
expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably, incurred by a Sponsor Indemnitee
or on a Sponsor Indemnitees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation,
alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding instituted
by the Company or any third party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative in nature, in respect of any investment opportunities
sourced by a Sponsor Indemnitee for the Company or any liability arising with respect to a Sponsor Indemnitees activities in connection
with the affairs of the Company (in each case to the extent that such indemnification, hold harmless and exoneration obligations with
respect to such matters are not expressly covered by a separate written agreement between the Company and the applicable Sponsor Indemnitee);
provided, that in no event shall a Sponsor Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified or held harmless hereunder in respect of any
costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that a Sponsor Indemnitee may
incur by reason of such persons own actual fraud or intentional misconduct; provided, further, that, for the avoidance
of doubt, under no circumstance shall a Sponsor Indemnitee have a claim to any monies or assets held in the Trust Account, and the Company
shall not be permitted to procure monies or assets held in the Trust Account for the satisfaction of its obligations to any Sponsor Indemnitee
in respect of the indemnification provided hereunder. The Sponsor Indemnitees shall be third party beneficiaries of this paragraph.

2

4. During
the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the undersigned shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Representative, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant
any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent
position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, the Companys
Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with the Class
A Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary Shares), Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable
for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by him, her or it; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to transfers
to the Sponsor by the Insiders, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Rights or any securities convertible into, or
exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by him, her or it, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery
of such securities, in cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or
(ii). If the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, the undersigned further agrees that the forgoing restrictions shall
be equally applicable to any issuer-directed Units that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering.

5. In
the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any officer, member
or manager of the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become subject as a result of
any claim by (i) any third party (other than the Companys independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold
to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other
similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such
indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for
services rendered (other than the Companys independent public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (A) $10.00 per share of the Offering Shares or (B) such lesser amount per share of the
Offering Shares held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the
trust assets, in each case including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and net of taxes payable, except as to any
claims by a third party or Target that executed an agreement waiving claims against and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
whether or not such agreement is enforceable. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third
party, the Sponsor shall not be responsible for any liability as a result of any such third-party claims. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing,
such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall not apply as to any claims under the Companys obligation to indemnify
the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory
to the Company if, within fifteen (15) days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the
Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

3

6. To
the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,600,000 Units (as described in
the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees, upon the expiration or waiver of such option, to forfeit and surrender for no consideration for cancellation,
a number of Founder Shares equal to the product of 900,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 3,600,000 minus the
number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 3,600,000.
The forfeiture and surrender will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters
so that the Founder Shares will represent 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the Public Offering.
The Sponsor further agrees that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased and the Sponsor has either
purchased or sold Ordinary Shares or an adjustment to the number of Founder Shares has been effected by way of a share dividend or share
capitalization, or a surrender for no consideration or share contribution back to capital, or otherwise, in each case in connection with
such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 3,600,000 in the numerator and denominator of
the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph 6 shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares
included in the Units issued in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 900,000 in the formula set forth in the first sentence of
this paragraph 6 shall be adjusted to such number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to collectively return to the Company
in order for all holders of Founder Shares to hold an aggregate of 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after
the Public Offering.

7. The
Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured
in the event of a breach by the Sponsor of its obligations (as applicable) under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8(a) and 8(b) or by each Insider
of its obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 8(a) and 8(b), (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii)
the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in
equity, in the event of such breach.

8. Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) Subject
to the exceptions set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Founder Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Founder Shares held by it, him or her until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination and (ii) subsequent
to a Business Combination, the date on which the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash,
securities or other property (the Lock-up).

(b) Subject
to the exceptions set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Private Placement Units (including the underlying
securities) held by it, he or she until thirty (30) days after the completion of a Business Combination.

4

(c) Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b), transfers of the Founder Shares (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issued or
issuable upon the conversion of the Founder Shares) and Private Placement Units (including the underlying securities) that are held by
the Sponsor, any Insider or any of their permitted transferees, as applicable (that have complied with any applicable requirements of
this paragraph 8(c)), are permitted (i) to the Companys officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any affiliate or family member
of any of the Companys officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any members or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates
and funds and accounts advised by such members or partners, any affiliates of the Sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates, (ii) in
the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such
persons immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (iii) in the case of an individual, by virtue
of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (iv) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations
order; (v) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection
with an extension of the Completion Window or in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than
the price at which the shares or units were originally purchased; (vi) pro rata distributions from the Sponsor to its respective members,
partners or shareholders pursuant to the Sponsors limited liability company agreement or other charter documents; (vii) by virtue
of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor, (viii) in
the event of the Companys liquidation prior to consummation of a Business Combination; (ix) in the event that, subsequent to the
consummation of a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which
results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or
(x) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses (i) through (vii); provided,
however, that, in the case of clauses (i) through (vii) and (x), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement
agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions herein and the other restrictions contained in this Agreement (including provisions
relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

9. Each
Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company and the Representative that is included in the Prospectus is true and
accurate in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background and contains all of
the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Securities Act. Each Insiders
questionnaire furnished to the Company and the Representative including any such information that is included in the Prospectus is true
and accurate in all respects. Each Insider represents and warrants that: (i) such Insider is not subject to or a respondent in any legal
action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the
offering of securities in any jurisdiction; (ii) such Insider has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (A) involving
fraud, (B) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person or (C) pertaining to any dealings in any securities
and such Insider is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and (iii) none of the Sponsor or any such Insider has ever
been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities
license or registration denied, suspended or revoked.

10. The
Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it, he or she is bound (including, without
limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement
and, as applicable, to serve as an officer of the Company or as a director on the board of directors of the Company and each Insider hereby
consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company, as applicable.

5

11. As
used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Founder
Shares shall mean the Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (iii)
Private Placement Units shall mean the 320,000 units (or 338,000 units the over-allotment option is exercised
in full) that the Sponsor has agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $3,200,000 (or $3,380,000 if the over-allotment option
is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit, in a private placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public
Offering; (iv) Public Shareholders shall mean the holders of Offering Shares other than the Sponsor and the
Insiders; (v) Trust Account shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited and (vi) Transfer shall mean the (a)
sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or
agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect
to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the
Commission promulgated thereunder with any respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another,
in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery
of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a)
or (b).

12. This
Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they
relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended,
modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed
by all parties hereto. Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that each Representative is a third-party beneficiary
of this Letter Agreement.

13. No
party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph 13 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate
to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor, each Insider
and each of their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties
hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

15. Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or
facsimile transmission.

16. This
Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided,
however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed
by [], 2025; provided, further, that paragraph 5 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

6

Sincerely,

SIDDHI SPONSOR LLC

By: /s/ Brian D. Finn

Name: Brian D. Finn

Title: Member

[Signature Page to Letter
Agreement]

INSIDERS:

/s/ Brian D. Finn

Name: Brian D. Finn

/s/ Sam Potter

Name: Sam Potter

/s/ Mike Rollins

Name: Mike Rollins

/s/ Alan H. Howard

Name: Alan H. Howard

/s/ Jessica Hoffman Brennan

Name: Jessica Hoffman Brennan

/s/ Matthew Shigenobu Muta

Name: Matthew Shigenobu Muta

[Signature Page to Letter
Agreement]

Acknowledged and Agreed:

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

By: /s/ Sam Potter

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex10-2_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, MARCH 31, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of March 31, 2025 by and between Siddhi Acquisition
Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, (File No. 333-285648) (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the
Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units),
each of which consists of one of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares),
and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (such initial
public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Santander US Capital Markets LLC as representative
(the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;

WHEREAS, as described in the
Registration Statement, $240,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the
Underwriting Agreement) (or $276,000,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the
Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account)
for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided
(the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property,
the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders,
and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $7,200,000, or $8,280,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised
in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be payable by the Company to the Underwriters upon
the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) (such discounts and commissions, the Deferred Discount);
and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements
and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold
the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee
in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion
or more) and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage,
supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) Promptly
upon receipt of written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or
less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
or (ii) deposit the Property into an interest bearing or non-interest bearing bank demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial
bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being
understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder
and while the account funds are invested or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect
and receive, when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property,
as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly
notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action
by the Company;

(f) Supply
any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys
preparation of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation of the Companys
financial statements or completion of the audit of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate
in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the
Company to do so;

(h) Render
to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements
of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence
liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from
the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit
A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of
the Company, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes paid or payable and, in the case of Exhibit B, less
up to $100,000 of interest income to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other
documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (1) 21 months after the closing of the Offering (or 24 months
from the closing of the Offering if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 21 months
from the closing of the Offering), or such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve); and (2) such later date
as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (the Memorandum and Articles), if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee
prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination
Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
a, shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

2

(j) Upon
written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit
C (a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company
the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any income tax obligation owed by the Company, which amount
shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward
such payment to the relevant taxing authority, so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited
in the Trust Account; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such
tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to
make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall
not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that
the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon
written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit
D (a Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company
the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles (A) that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within such time as is described in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute
presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond
said request; and

(l) Not
make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) above.

2. Agreements
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give
all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairperson of the Board, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Secretary. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j), 1(k) and 1(l
hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction
which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions,
provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject
to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including reasonable
counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection
with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand,
which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned
on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly
after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which
the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter
referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense
against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection
of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior
written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed; provided, further that
the Company may conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to
mount such a defense.. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

3

(c) Pay
the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee and transaction
processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property
shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k)
hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the
Offering. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c),
Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In
connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (the Business
Combination), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the general meeting
verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide
the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to
any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Unless
otherwise agreed between the Company and the Representative, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered
in connection with a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Discount is paid directly
to the account or accounts directed by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters prior to any transfer of funds held in the Trust
Account to the Company or any other person;

(g) Instruct
the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make
any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement; and

(h) Within
four (4) business days after the Underwriters exercise the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such over-allotment
option expires, provide the Trustee with a notice in writing of the total amount of the Deferred Discount, which shall in no event be
less than $7,200,000.

3. Limitations
of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply
obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement
and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take
any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to
any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute
any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind
with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to
do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

4

(d) Refund
any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume
that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise
in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The
other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in
good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The
Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel
(including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper
or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability
of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed
or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination
or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed
by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent
thereto;

(g) Verify
the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide
any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by
the Registration Statement;

(i) File
information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements
to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare,
execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating
to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax
obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify
calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j)
or 1(k) hereof.

4. Trust
Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it
may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets
outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5

5. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If
the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts
to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the
Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of
copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however,
that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from
the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability
whatsoever; or

(b) At
such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of
Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall
terminate except with respect to Section 2(b).

(c) If
the Offering is not consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, any funds received by the Trustee from the
Company or Sponsor for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or Sponsor, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The
Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred
from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures
to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained
access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall
rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers and all other identifying information
relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees
gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error
in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may
be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute
but one instrument.

(c) This
Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for
Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote
of sixty-five percent (65%) of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company,
voting together as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has properly elected
to redeem his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to this Agreement (A) that would
affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if
the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the time frame specified in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity), this
Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing
signed by each of the parties hereto.

6

(d) The
parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York,
for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,
EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile
or email transmission:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

100 Wall Street

New York, NY 10106

Telephone: (347) 316-8312

Attn: Sam Potter

Email: sam@siddhicapital.co

in each case, with copies to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

(212) 407-4000

Attn: Giovanni Caruso, Esq. and

Santander US Capital Markets LLC

[address]

Attn:

(f) Each
of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this
Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make
any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account
under any circumstance.

(g) This
Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation
and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) Each
of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, is a third party
beneficiary of this Agreement.

(i) Except
as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity
without the prior written consent of the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee

By: /s/ Francis Wolf

Name: Francis Wolf

Title: Vice President

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Sam Potter

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount 

Initial set-up fee Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500.00 

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year fee payable at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; thereafter, payable by wire transfer or check. $ 10,000.00 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1. $ 250.00 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Sections 1(i) or 1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k). Prevailing rates 

Schedule A

Exhibit A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Siddhi Acquisition Corp I (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business)
to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert date].
The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination
(the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in
the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds
into the trust operating account in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all
of the funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct
on the Consummation Date (including as directed to it by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters with respect to the Deferred
Discount). It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank,
N.A. awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i)
counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated
concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification), (ii)
the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which verifies that the Business Combination
has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written instruction signed by the Company
and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including payment of amounts owed to public
shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Discount directly to the account or accounts
directed by the Representative from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and
authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter,
in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated
by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether
such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of
all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations
under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

Exhibit A

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instructions as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours,

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

Exhibit A

Exhibit B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business within the time frame specified
in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum
and Articles), as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds
into the trust operating account in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to await distribution to the Public Shareholders.
The Company has selected [], 20[ ]1 as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders
will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate
capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust
Agreement and the Memorandum and Articles. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed
expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent
otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours,

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

1 24 months, or at a later date, if extended.

Exhibit B

Exhibit C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours,

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

Exhibit C

Exhibit D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountShareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[] of the principal and interest
income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in
the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from
time to time (the Memorandum and Articles) (A) that affects the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within such time as is described in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire
transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary
procedures.

Very truly yours,

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Santander US Capital Markets LLC

Exhibit D
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex10-3_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 31, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND CERTAIN SECURITY HOLDERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025, is made and entered into by and between Siddhi Acquisition Corp,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) and Siddhi Sponsor LLC , a Delaware limited liability company
(the Sponsor) (the Sponsor together with any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement
pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company
has 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares), issued and outstanding,
up to 900,000 of which will be surrendered to the Company for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters of the
Companys initial public offering exercise their over-allotment option (the Over-allotment Option);

WHEREAS, the Founder
Shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares),
on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS, on the date
hereof, the Company and the Sponsor entered into that certain Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (the Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 320,000 private placement
units (or 338,000 private placement units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Units)
in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys initial public offering;

WHEREAS, in order to
finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of an initial Business Combination (as
defined below), the Sponsor, its affiliates or any of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company funds as the
Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units (Working
Capital Units) at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender; and

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights
with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
The terms defined in this ARTICLE 1 shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the principal executive
officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made
in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for
not making such information public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination involving
the Company and one or more businesses or entities.

Commission
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof.

Founder Shares
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares and any Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof,
the period ending on the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or earlier if,
subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per
share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Companys initial Business Combination
and (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes a subsequent liquidation, merger, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property.

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys
officers and directors.

Maximum Number
of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading.

2

Ordinary Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Over-allotment
Option shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, Private Placement Lock-up Period or any other lock-up period, as the case may
be, under the Insider Letter, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between
such Holder and the Company, and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Units, that are held by the initial purchasers of such Private
Placement Units or their Permitted Transferees, and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Units, that are held by the initial
purchasers of the Private Placement Units or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination.

Private Placement
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares (including any Ordinary Shares or other equivalent equity security issued or issuable upon the conversion
of any of the Founder Shares or exercisable for or convertible into Ordinary Shares), (b) the Private Placement Units (including any underlying
securities), (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or any other equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the
exercise or conversion of any other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement or acquired by a
Holder prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, (d) any equity securities (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable
upon the exercise or conversion of any such equity security) of the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans in an
amount up to $1,500,000 made to the Company by a Holder (including the Working Capital Units and any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable
upon the exercise of the Working Capital Units), (e) any equity securities (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the
exercise or conversion of any such equity security) of the Company held by a Holder on or after the date of the Business Combination to
the extent that such securities are restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) or are otherwise held by an affiliate
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Company and (f) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary
Share by way of a share capitalization or share sub-division or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be
Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under
the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration
Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting
further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration
under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no
volume or other restrictions or limitations including as to manner or timing of sale or current public information requirements); or (E)
such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

3

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses
shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing
fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and any securities
exchange on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed);

(B) fees and expenses of compliance
with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue
sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone
and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements
of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses
of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered
for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement
shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the
Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration
statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.1.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Subsequent Shelf
Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.2.

4

Takedown Requesting
Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.3.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration
or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter
in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Underwritten Shelf
Takedown shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.3.

Working Capital
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

ARTICLE 2

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand
Registration.

2.1.1 Request
for Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to
time on or after the date the Company consummates the Business Combination, the Holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding
number of Registrable Securities (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration of all
or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such
Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration).
The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders
of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion
of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all
or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall
so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by
the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to
have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter
as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, the Registration
of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders pursuant to such Demand Registration. Under no
circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration
under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not
be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form
S-1) has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on
behalf of the Requesting Holders in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement;
provided, further, that an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall not count as a Demand Registration.

2.1.2 Effective
Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission
with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has
complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement
has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently
interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration
Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order
or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such
Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but
in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to
file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant
to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

5

2.1.3 Underwritten
Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand
Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to
include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten
Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein.
All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction
of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration,
in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number
of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other
Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration
has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to
sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely
affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum
dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then
the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and
the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting
Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the
Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to
herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to
the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders
(Pro Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii)
third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii),
the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand
Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest
of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration
pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters
(if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the
Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

6

2.2 Piggyback
Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback
Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration
Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or
exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by
the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a
Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering
of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities
of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of
the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such
Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended
method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer
to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such
Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration).
The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best
efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested
by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as
any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities
through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with
the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company. The notice periods set forth in this subsection 2.2.1
shall not apply to an Underwritten Shelf Takedown conducted in accordance with subsection 2.3.3.

2.2.2 Reduction
of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration
(other than an Underwritten Shelf Takedown), in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating
in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of the Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken
together with (i) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration
has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested
pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number
of Securities, then:

(a) If
the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities
of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro rata based
on the respective number of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested be included in such Registration), which can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written
contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities;

7

(b) If
the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall
include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities,
other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to
the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders
exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the number of
Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities
that the Holders have requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C),
the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback
Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any
or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention
to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect
to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal
by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection
with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration
prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited
Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not
be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

8

2.3 Shelf
Registration

2.3.1 The
Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable
Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3),
or if the Company is ineligible to use Form S-3, on Form S-1; a registration statement filed pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1
(a Shelf) shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method
or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a
written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall promptly give written
notice of the proposed Registration to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter
wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration shall so notify the Company, in
writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not
more than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company
shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with
all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification
given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to
this subsection 2.3.1 if the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the
Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any)
at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000. The Company shall maintain each Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof,
and shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep
such Shelf continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there
are no longer any Registrable Securities included on such Shelf. In the event the Company files a Shelf on Form S-1, the Company shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 to a Form S-3 as soon as practicable after the Company is eligible to
use Form S-3.

2.3.2 If
any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time while Registrable Securities included thereon are
still outstanding, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable cause such Shelf
to again become effective under the Securities Act (including obtaining the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness
of such Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable amend such Shelf in a manner
reasonably expected to result in the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration
statement (a Subsequent Shelf Registration) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities including
on such Shelf, and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder. If a Subsequent
Shelf Registration is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent Shelf Registration
to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof and (ii) keep such Subsequent
Shelf Registration continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time
as there are no longer any Registrable Securities included thereon. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-3 to the
extent that the Company is eligible to use such form. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on another appropriate form.
In the event that any Holder holds Registrable Securities that are not registered for resale on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company,
upon request of a Holder shall promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable Securities to
be covered by either, at the Companys option, a Shelf (including by means of a post-effective amendment) or a Subsequent Shelf
Registration and cause the same to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing and such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf Registration
shall be subject to the terms hereof; provided, however, the Company shall only be required to cause such Registrable Securities to be
so covered once annually after inquiry of the Holders.

9

2.3.3 At
any time and from time to time after a Shelf has been declared effective by the Commission, the Sponsor may request to sell all or any
portion of its Registrable Securities in an underwritten offering that is registered pursuant to the Shelf (each, an Underwritten
Shelf Takedown); provided that the Company shall only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if such offering
shall include securities with a total offering price (including piggyback securities and before deduction of underwriting discounts) reasonably
expected to exceed, in the aggregate, $10,000,000. All requests for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns shall be made by giving written notice
to the Company at least 48 hours prior to the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, which shall specify the approximate
number of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown and the expected price range (net of underwriting
discounts and commissions) of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown. The Company shall include in any Underwritten Shelf Takedown the securities
requested to be included by any holder (each a Takedown Requesting Holder) at least 24 hours prior to the
public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to written contractual piggyback registration rights of such holder (including
to those set forth herein). The Sponsor shall have the right to select the underwriter(s) for such offering (which shall consist of one
or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks), subject to the Companys prior approval which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to this subsection 2.3.3 shall not
be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3.4 If
the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, in good faith, advises the Company, the Sponsor and the Takedown
Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Sponsor and the Takedown Requesting
Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to
sell, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, as follows: (i) first,
the Registrable Securities of the Sponsor that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent
that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities
that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent
that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity
securities of the Takedown Requesting Holders, if any, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities, determined
Pro Rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Takedown Requesting Holder has so requested to be included
in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown.

2.3.5 The
Sponsor shall have the right to withdraw from an Underwritten Shelf Takedown for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification
to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of its intention to withdraw from such Underwritten Shelf Takedown prior to
the public announcement of such Underwritten Shelf Takedown. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall
be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with an Underwritten Shelf Takedown prior to a withdrawal under this
subsection 2.3.5.

2.4 Restrictions
on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate
of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated
Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant
to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration
Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable
to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration
would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration
Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairperson of the Board
stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement
to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the
Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company
shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month period.

10

2.5 Legends.
In connection with any sale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities by a Holder pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) and upon compliance by the Holder with the requirements
of this Section 2.5, if requested by the Holder, the Company shall cause the transfer agent for the Registrable Securities (the
Transfer Agent) to remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such Registrable
Securities and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends within two (2)
trading days of any such request therefor from the Holder; provided that the Company and the Transfer Agent have timely received from
the Holder customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection
therewith. Subject to receipt from the Holder by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation
reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith, the Holder may request that the Company remove any
legend from the book entry position evidencing its Registrable Securities and the Company will, if required by the Transfer Agent, use
its commercially reasonable efforts cause an opinion of the Companys counsel be provided, in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Transfer Agent, to the effect that the removal of such restrictive legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities
Act, following the earliest of such time as such Registrable Securities (i) are subject to or have been or are about to be sold pursuant
to an effective registration statement or (ii) have been or are about to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission). If restrictive legends are no longer required for such Registrable
Securities pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions of this section and within two (2) trading
days of any request therefor from the Holder accompanied by such customary and reasonably acceptable representations and other documentation
referred to above establishing that restrictive legends are no longer required, deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions
that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of
its Transfer Agent, its legal counsel and all DTC fees associated with such issuance.

ARTICLE 3

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General
Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the
Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such
Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously
as possible:

3.1.1 prepare
and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable
best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by
such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the
Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations
or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to
keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance
with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

11

3.1.3 prior
to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters,
if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders and Underwriters legal
counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in
each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration
Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities
included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders and Underwriters may request in order to facilitate the disposition
of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior
to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by
the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders
of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii)
take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved
by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all
other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration
Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any
action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise
so subject;

3.1.5 cause
all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued
by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide
a transfer agent and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise
each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any
stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding
for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if
such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at
least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration
Statement furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing
copies promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

3.1.9 notify
the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act,
of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit
a representative of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if
any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in
the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information
reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however,
that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, the Company may not include the name of any
Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment
or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration
Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter and providing
each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments the Company
shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

12

3.1.11 obtain
a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten
Registration which the participating Holders may rely on, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered
by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest
of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on
the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel
representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any,
and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given
as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and
negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in
the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary
form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make
available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12)
months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement
which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter
by the Commission);

3.1.15 if
the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable
efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may
be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise,
in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection
with such Registration.

3.2 Registration
Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the
Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions
and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses,
all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

13

3.3 Requirements
for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company
pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on
the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires,
powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required
under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension
of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains
a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received
copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare
and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing
by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion
in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control,
the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend
use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith
by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders
agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration
in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration
of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting
Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company
under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly
furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action
as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Ordinary Shares held
by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon
the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether
it has complied with such requirements.

ARTICLE 4

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The
Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law and the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the
Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to
the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each
person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with
respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

14

4.1.2 In
connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to
the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration
Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each
person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses
(including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the
Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue
statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided,
however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the
liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder
from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify
the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act)
to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any
person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to
which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification
hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit
such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense
is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its
consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume
the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties
indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict
of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying
party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot
be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such
settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified
party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer
of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions
as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders
indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

15

4.1.5 If
the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party,
in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of
such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying
party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party
and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information
supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder
under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving
rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be
deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or
other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation
or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5.
No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution
pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

4.2 Waiver
of Medallion Guaranty. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an indemnification agreement in customary
form, in favor of Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (or any successor transfer agent of the Company) in connection with the
waiver of any requirement to provide a medallion guarantee in connection with any Transfer of any equity securities of the Company by
the Sponsor or any of its Permitted Transferees.

ARTICLE 5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices.
Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the
party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier
service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each
notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served,
sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case
of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered
to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon
presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 345 Park Avenue, 21st Floor,
New York, NY 10154, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact information as set forth in the Companys books
and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto,
and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This
Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or
in part.

16

5.2.2 Prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign
or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer
of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the
transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

5.2.3 This
Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and
the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This
Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this
Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No
assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company
unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii)
the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this
Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other
than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing
Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE
THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK
RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.
ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED
IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH
PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

17

5.5 Amendments
and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities
at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or
any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any
amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the capital shares
of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder
so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of
a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies
of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as
a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other
Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right
to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration
filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents
and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and
in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which
(A) all of the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period
referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission))
or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities without registration pursuant to Rule
144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act with no volume or other restrictions or limitations. The provisions of Section
3.5 and ARTICLE 4 shall survive any termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP,

a Cayman Islands exempted company

By: /s/ Sam Potter

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDERS:

SIDDHI SPONSOR LLC

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brian D. Finn

Name: Brian D. Finn

Title: Member

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex10-4_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 31, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of the 31st day of March, 2025, by and between Siddhi Acquisition
Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) and Siddhi Sponsor LLC (the Subscriber).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to the Subscriber on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of 320,000 units (each, a Placement
Unit and, collectively, the Placement Units) of the Company (or 338,000 Placement Units if the over-allotment
option (the Over-allotment Option) in connection with the initial public offering (the IPO)
of the Companys units (the Units) is exercised in full), for a purchase price of $10.00 per Placement Unit,
with the Subscriber purchasing 320,000 Placement Units (or 338,000 Placement Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full).
Each Placement Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share (as defined below) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a Class A Ordinary
Share at the closing of a business combination (the Business Combination), as provided in the registration statement
in connection with the IPO of the Units, as amended at the time it becomes effective (the Registration Statement).
The rights underlying the Placement Units are hereinafter referred to as the Placement Rights. The Class A Ordinary
Shares underlying the Placement Units and the Placement Rights are hereinafter referred to as the Placement Shares.
The Placement Units, Placement Rights and Placement Shares, collectively, are hereinafter referred to as the Securities.

WHEREAS, the Subscriber wish
to purchase an aggregate of 320,000 Placement Units (or 338,000 Placement Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full), and
the Company wishes to accept such subscriptions from the Subscriber.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Subscriber hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement
to Subscribe

1.1 Purchase
and Issuance of the Placement Units. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, on the date of the consummation
of the IPO or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Subscriber and the Company (the Closing Date),
the Subscriber hereby agree to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Subscriber, an aggregate of 320,000
Placement Units (or 338,000 Placement Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) at a price per unit of $10.00 for an aggregate
purchase price of $3,200,000 (or $3,380,000 if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) (the Purchase Price).
On the Closing Date, the Company shall, at its option, deliver to the Subscriber the certificates representing the Placement Units purchased
or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

1.2 Purchase
Price. The Purchase Price shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds or by such other method as may be reasonably
acceptable to the Company, to the trust account (the Trust Account) at a financial institution to be chosen by the
Company, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (Continental), on or prior
to the Closing Date.

1.3 Closings.
The Closing shall take place at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP, 345 Park Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, New York 10154, or such other
place as may be agreed upon by the parties hereto.

1.4 Termination.
This Agreement and each of the obligations of the undersigned shall be null and void and without effect if a Closing does not occur prior
to [].

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Subscriber

As a material inducement to
the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Placement Units to the Subscriber, the Subscriber represents and warrants
to the Company that:

2.1 No
Government Recommendation or Approval. The Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation
or endorsement of the Company, the merits of the Offering of the Securities or the suitability of the investment in the Securities by
the Subscriber.

2.2 Accredited
Investor. The Subscriber represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and acknowledges that the sale contemplated
hereby is being made in reliance, among other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited investors under the
Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law. The Subscriber has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant
to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

2.3 Intent.
The Subscriber is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for the Subscribers own account (and/or for the account
or benefit of its members or affiliates, as permitted, pursuant to the terms hereof), and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection
with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

2.4 Restrictions
on Transfer. The Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Placement Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public
offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act
and, if in the future the Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered,
resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B)
pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) pursuant to any other
available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities
laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Securities
are subject to transfer restrictions as described in Section 7 hereof. The Subscriber agrees that if any transfer of its Securities or
any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, the Subscriber may be required to deliver
to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company with respect to such transfer. Absent registration or another available
exemption from registration, the Subscriber agrees it will not resell the Securities (unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms
hereof). The Subscriber further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to the Subscriber
for the resale of the Securities until the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed
all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that
the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from
the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company, despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the
release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

2

2.5 Sophisticated
Investor.

(i) The
Subscriber is sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Securities. The
Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future
needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities.

(ii) The
Subscriber has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating
to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Subscriber. The Subscriber has been afforded the opportunity
to ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company.

(iii) The
Subscriber is aware that an investment in the Securities is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks because, among other things,
(a) the Securities are subject to transfer restrictions and have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be
sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available, (b) except as specifically
set forth in the registration rights agreement pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Subscriber
relating to the Securities, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities
Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder and (c) the Subscriber has waived
its redemption rights with respect to the Securities as set forth in Section 5 hereof, and the Securities held by the Subscriber are not
entitled to, and have no right, interest or claim to any monies held in the Trust Account, and accordingly the Subscriber may suffer a
loss of a portion or all of its investment in the Securities. The Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the
Securities for an indefinite period of time. The Subscriber has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

2.6 Organization
and Authority. The Subscriber is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation
or formation and it possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7 Authority.
This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement of the Subscriber
enforceable against the Subscriber in accordance with its terms, subject to the general principles of equity and to bankruptcy or other
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

2.8 No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Subscriber of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Subscribers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement
or instrument to which the Subscriber is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Subscriber is subject, or
any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Subscriber is subject.

2.9 No
Legal Advice from Company. The Subscriber acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement with the Subscribers own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any statements or representations
of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto, the Subscriber is relying solely
on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal,
tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any
jurisdiction.

3

2.10 Reliance
on Representations and Warranties. The Subscriber understands the Placement Units are being offered and sold to the Subscriber in
reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations
of various states, and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments
and understandings of the Subscriber set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.11 No
General Solicitation. The Subscriber is not subscribing for the Placement Units as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation
or general advertising, including but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper,
magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting or in a registration statement
with respect to the IPO filed with the SEC.

2.12 Legend.
The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees the certificates evidencing each of the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend),
in form and substance substantially as set forth in Section 4 hereof.

3. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company

The Company represents and
warrants to, and agrees with, the Subscriber that:

3.1 Valid
Issuance. The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Ordinary
Shares), 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Ordinary Shares) and
5,000,000 preference shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Preference Shares). As of the date hereof, the Company
has issued and outstanding 6,900,000 Class B Ordinary Shares (of which up to 900,000 shares are subject to forfeiture as described in
the Registration Statement) and no Preference Shares. All of the issued Class B Ordinary Shares of the Company have been duly authorized,
validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3.2 Title
to Securities. Upon issuance of the Placement Rights and the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Placement Rights in accordance
with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and that certain rights agreement to be entered into between the Company and Continental,
as rights agent (the Rights Agreement), as the case may be, each of the Placement Units, and Placement Rights and
Placement Shares (each after issuance), will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. On each date of issuance of Placement
Units, a sufficient number of Placement Shares shall have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of all of the Placement Units.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, each of the Subscriber will have or receive good title to
the Placement Units, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder
and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws and (iii) liens,
claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of that Subscriber.

3.3 Organization
and Qualification. The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Cayman Islands and has the requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4 Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action, and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is
required, and (iii) this Agreement constitutes valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and
remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be
limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

4

3.5 No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default under any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) any law statute, rule or regulation
to which the Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any SEC or state
securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration statement which may
be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization
or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Placement Units, Placement Rights or Placement Shares in accordance with the
terms hereof.

4. Legends

4.1 Legend.
The Company will issue the Placement Units, and when issued, the Placement Rights and Placement Shares, purchased by each Subscriber in
the name of that Subscriber. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED
PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE UPON WHICH SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP. (THE COMPANY) COMPLETES ITS
INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

4.2 The
Subscribers Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Subscribers respective obligation and
agreement to comply with all applicable securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3 Companys
Refusal to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole
judgment of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) in compliance
herewith.

4.4 Registration
Rights. The Subscriber will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement
(Registration Rights Agreement) to be entered into between, among others, the Subscriber and the Company, on or
prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, neither Subscriber may
exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years from the commencement of
sales in the IPO and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.

5

5. Waiver
of Liquidation Distributions.

In connection with the Securities
purchased pursuant to this Agreement, each Subscriber hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
distributions of the amounts in the Trust Account with respect to the Securities, whether (i) in connection with the exercise of redemption
rights if the Company consummates the Business Combination, (ii) in connection with any tender offer conducted by the Company prior to
a Business Combination, (iii) upon the Companys redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Companys
IPO upon the Companys failure to complete the Business Combination within the period provided for in the Companys amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or (iv) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation
of, a Business Combination (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with
a Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Companys IPO if the Company
has not consummated a Business Combination within the period provided for in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the right of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-Business
Combination activity. In the event that either Subscriber purchases Class A Ordinary Shares as part of the Units in the IPO or in the
aftermarket, any additional Class A Ordinary Shares so purchased shall be eligible to receive the redemption value of such Class A Ordinary
Shares upon the same terms offered to all other purchasers of Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the Units in the IPO. Nothing
herein shall preclude either Subscriber from making any claim or seeking recourse against the Companys funds held outside of the
Trust Account or seeking to enforce the terms of the underwriting agreement, dated [__], 2025, by and between the Company and Santander
US Capital Markets LLC, acting as representative of the underwriters of the IPO.

6. Terms
of Placement Rights. Each Placement Right shall have the terms set forth in the Rights Agreement.

7. Lock-Up
Period.

7.1 Each
Subscriber agrees that it shall not Transfer any Securities until 30 days following the consummation of the Business Combination; provided,
however, that Transfers of Securities are permitted (a) to the Companys or that Subscribers officers or directors, any affiliates
or family members of any of the Companys or that Subscribers officers or directors, any members of the Companys sponsor,
or any affiliates of the Companys sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such person,
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual;
(d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by virtue of the laws of the State of New York
or that Subscribers partnership agreement in the event of such Subscribers liquidation; (f) in the event of the Companys
liquidation prior to the consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these
permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements
entered into by the Companys sponsor and such Subscriber with respect to such securities.

7.2 For purposes of
Section 7.1, the term Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell,
hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or
establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder with respect to, any of the Securities, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to
another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Securities, whether any such transaction
is to be settled by delivery of such Securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any
transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

6

8. Terms
of the Placement Units

The Placement Units are substantially
identical to the Units to be offered in the IPO except that: (i) they are subject to the transfer restrictions described in Section 7
hereof; and (ii) they will be entitled to registration rights.

9. Conditions
of the Subscribers Obligations

The obligation of each Subscriber
to purchase and pay for the Private Placement Units is subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions:

9.1 Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct at and as
of the Closing Date as though then made.

9.2 Performance.
The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date.

9.3 No
Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

9.4 Rights
Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Rights Agreement with a rights agent on terms satisfactory to Santander US Capital
Markets LLC, in its capacity as representative of the underwriters.

10. Conditions
of the Companys Obligations

10.1 Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Subscriber contained in Section 2 hereof shall be true and correct at and
as of the Closing Date as though then made.

10.2 Performance.
The Subscriber shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are
required to be performed or complied with by the Subscriber on or before the Closing Date.

10.3 No
Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7

10.4 Rights
Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Rights Agreement with a rights agent on terms satisfactory to Santander US Capital
Markets LLC, in its capacity as representative of the underwriters.

11. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such state.
The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

12. Assignment;
Entire Agreement; Amendment

12.1 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by a Subscriber to a person
agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof, including the transfer restrictions contained in Section 7 hereof and the waiver contained in
Section 5 hereof.

12.2 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and
merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them.

12.3 Amendment.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated
other than by a written instrument signed by all of the parties hereto.

12.4 Binding
upon Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs,
legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

13. Notices

13.1 Notices.
Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and
personally delivered or sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission with copy sent in another manner herein provided or sent by
courier (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall include Federal Express or other recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said
party by certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address provided for herein or such other address as either may designate for
itself in such notice to the other. Communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival
date when sent by next day or 2nd-day courier service, or if sent by facsimile upon receipt of confirmation of transmittal or, if sent
by mail, then three days after deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered (a)
if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the recipient has consented to receive notice; (b) if by a
posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the recipient of such specific posting, upon the later of (1) such posting
and (2) the giving of such separate notice; and (c) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the recipient.

14. Counterparts

This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both
parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail
delivery of a pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

8

15. Survival;
Severability

15.1 Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing Date.

15.2 Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be effective
if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

16. Headings.

The titles and subtitles used
in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

By: /s/ Sam Potter

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

SUBSCRIBER:

SIDDHI SPONSOR LLC

By: /s/ Brian D. Finn

Name: Brian D. Finn

Title: Member

[Signature Page 
Unit Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex10-5_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 31, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY, THE SPONSOR AND AN AFFILIATE OF THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

100 Wall Street, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10005

March 31, 2025

Siddhi Sponsor LLC

c/o Siddhi Acquisition Corp

100 Wall Street, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10005

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter will confirm our
agreement that, commencing on the effective date (the Effective Date) of the registration statement (the Registration
Statement) for the initial public offering (the IPO) of the securities of Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the
Company) and continuing until the earlier of (i) the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination
and (ii) the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred
to as the Termination Date), Siddhi Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor) shall take steps
directly or indirectly to make available to the Company certain technology, software, computer, systems, administrative support, secretarial
services and infrastructure services as may be required by the Company from time to time. In exchange therefore, the Company shall pay
the Siddhi Capital Holdings, LLC a sum of $15,000 per month commencing on the Effective Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the
Termination Date. The Sponsor hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (a Claim)
in or to any monies that may be set aside in a trust account (the Trust Account) that may be established in
connection with and upon the consummation of the IPO and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it presently has or may have in the future
as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse, reimbursement,
payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter
hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This letter agreement may
not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

The parties may not assign
this letter agreement and any of their rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the consent of the other party. Any purported
assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title
to the purported assignee.

This letter agreement shall
be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to
its choice of laws principles that will apply the laws of another jurisdiction.

This letter agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be
produced to evidence the existence of this letter agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours,

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Sam Potter

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY:

Siddhi Sponsor LLC

By: /s/ Brian D. Finn 

Name: Brian D. Finn 

Title: Member 

[Signature Page to Administrative Service Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex10-6_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of [_], 2025, by and between Siddhi Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), and the undersigned (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent
persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided
with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising
out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board of
Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals,
the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company
and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the
Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (as may be amended from time to time, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association)
provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered
into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless,
exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties
relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has
determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys
shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses
on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against
liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement
is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions
adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder;
and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee
may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such
capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the
condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES
TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to
serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is
duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing
notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor,
key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation
on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other
agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS.
As used in this Agreement:

(a) References
to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a
director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company.

(b) The
terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth
in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman
Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A
Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of
any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition
of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Siddhi Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor),
any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen
percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results
solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute
a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

(ii) Change
in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board
or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still
in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively,
the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

2

(iii) Corporate
Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless,
following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly,
more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction
owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination)
is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the
Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were
Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for
such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation.
The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the
sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys
current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation,
sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(v) Other
Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of
Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange
Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies
Law shall mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate
Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing
member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving
at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested
Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect
of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent)
absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange
Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

3

(j) Expenses
shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable
attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private
investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees,
fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending,
preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating
in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise
compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from
any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any
cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by
Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(k) References
to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References
to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary
of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent
or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan,
Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred
to in this Agreement.

(m) Independent
Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that
neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material
to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar
indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action
to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The
term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect
on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company;
(iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly
or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and
(iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below)
of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions
as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(o) The
term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate
dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding,
whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims),
criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise
by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken
by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason
of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing
member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability
or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

4

(p) The
term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned,
directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY
IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in
any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees
Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments,
liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in
connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred
by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in
good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case
of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY
IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or
otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate
Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted
in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee
shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding
was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

5. INDEMNIFICATION
FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section
27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the
Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of
the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in
connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one
or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved
claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter
on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter
in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

5

6. INDEMNIFICATION
FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee
is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened
to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him
or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL
INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding
any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee
is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure
a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments
and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement)
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights
shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty
of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of the law.

(b) Notwithstanding
any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee
if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company
to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest,
assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts
paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION
IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this
Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless
or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee
to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against
Indemnitee.

6

(b) The
Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined
in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The
Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought
by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification,
advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for
which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision
and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any
insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the
meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except
as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company
or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion,
pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES
OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding
any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the
Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three
months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting
such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable
Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements
to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance
of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee,
to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the
Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise.
This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment
is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

7

(b) The
Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The
Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty
or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11. PROCEDURE
FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee
agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information
or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or
exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve
the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee
may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement.
Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion.
Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined
according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE
UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A
determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific
case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors,
even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii)
if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy
of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing
with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis
for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee
shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity
making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons
or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure
and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable
attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company
hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

8

(b) In
the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the
Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it
of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the
Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying
that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement.
In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall
have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent
Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is
so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is
withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have
been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which
shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the
person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or
arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility
in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The
Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent
Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant
hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS
AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In
making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection
with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company
(including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action
pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct,
nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met
such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct.

9

(b) If
the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such
indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any
or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen
(15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires
such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The
termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the
right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For
purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based
on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the
directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise,
its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records
given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing
member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee
of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be
deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable
standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(e) The
knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent
or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14. REMEDIES
OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In
the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement
to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company
of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section
12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is
not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this
Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii)
payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance
with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted
by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein,
the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall
not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

10

(b) In
the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or
arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c) In
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company
may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any
purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to
reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement
to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If
a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company
shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement
by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading,
in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The
Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures
and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator
that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The
Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the
Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with
any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach
of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance
policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined
to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case
may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

11

(g) Interest
shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless
or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date
on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses
and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15. SECURITY.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board,
the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through
an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked
or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY;
SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The
rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time
be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders
or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit
or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened,
commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee
in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by
statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would
be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein
conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition
to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment
of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The
Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance
or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety
bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or
her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising
out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under
the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance
of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee
under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee
shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification
Arrangement.

(c) To
the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees,
partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves
at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a
party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the
Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts
payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

12

(d) In
the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary
to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.
No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The
Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at
the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other
Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or
advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section
27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys
satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under
this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless,
exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or
its affiliates is secondary.

17. DURATION
OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as
a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the
request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any
rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her
Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification
or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever:
(a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion
of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that
is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b)
such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect
to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

13

19. ENFORCEMENT
AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The
Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order
to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without
limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they
may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof.

(c) The
indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall
be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect
successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee,
general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall
inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The
Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially
all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The
Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable
and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree
that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any
necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall
not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree
that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions
and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges
that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby
waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

14

20. MODIFICATION
AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company
and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions
of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21. NOTICES.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed,
or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so
mailed:

(a) If
to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in
writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

100 Wall Street, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10005

Attn: Sam Potter

With a copy, which shall not constitute
notice, to

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso

or to any other address as may have been furnished
to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE
LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any
arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:
(a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court
and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement;
(c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead
or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum,
or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any
such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

23. IDENTICAL
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against
whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

15

24. MISCELLANEOUS.
Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction
thereof.

25. PERIOD
OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against
Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the
date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless
asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL
ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable
the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER
OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
(each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys
initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or
she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against
such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE
OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for
which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance
companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the
Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or
policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under
such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the
Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words
importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;
words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written
and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic
Record;

16

(c) shall
shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(d) references
to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(e) any
phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression shall
be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(f) the
term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in
certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or
shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case,
unless the context otherwise requires);

(g) headings
are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(h) any
requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions
Act (Revised));

(i) any
requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the
form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(j) sections
8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP

By: 

Name: Sam Potter

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

By: 

Name: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea023699401ex99-1_siddhi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 31, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Siddhi Acquisition Corp. Announces Pricing of Upsized $240 Million
Initial Public Offering

NEW YORK, March 31, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Siddhi
Acquisition Corp. (Siddhi Acquisition or the Company) announced today that it priced its upsized initial public
offering of 24,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit. The units will be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and trade
under the ticker symbol SDHIU beginning April 1, 2025. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one right entitling
the holder thereof to receive one tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Class A
ordinary shares and rights comprising the units are expected to begin separate trading no later than the 52nd day following
this date. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and rights are expected to
be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols SDHI and SDHIR, respectively.

Santander is acting as sole book-running manager.
The Company has granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,600,000 units at the initial public offering
price to cover over-allotments, if any.

The offering was made by means of a prospectus.
Copies of the prospectus may be obtained from Santander US Capital Markets LLC, 437 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: ECM
Syndicate, by email at equity-syndicate@santander.us, or by telephone at 833-818-1602.

A registration statement relating to the securities
became effective on March 31, 2025. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor
shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering is expected to close on April
2, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

About Siddhi Acquisition Corp.

The Company is a blank check company incorporated
as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company may pursue a business combination
target in any industry or geographical location, the Company currently intends to concentrate efforts in identifying high growth businesses
that are positioned to take advantage of major secular trends in their industry and are well-positioned for the public markets.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute
forward-looking statements, including with respect to the proposed initial public offering and the anticipated use of the
net proceeds. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all, or that
the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which
are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys preliminary prospectus
for the Companys offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Copies of these documents
are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The
Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required
by law.

Investor Contact:

Sam Potter

sam@siddhiacquisition.com

+1 347-316-8312
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>