<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002067.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002067.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108164416
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250108
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARES CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001287750
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				331089684
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00663
		FILM NUMBER:		25519040

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE, 44TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127507300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE, 44TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000128775000012877502025-01-082025-01-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported) January 8, 2025

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Charter)

Maryland 814-00663 33-1089684

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

245 Park Avenue, 44th Floor, New York, NY 10167

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code (212) 750-7300

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.001 par value ARCC NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 8, 2025
Ares Capital Corporation (the Company) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee),
entered into a Second Supplemental Indenture (the Second Supplemental Indenture) to the Indenture, dated May 13,
2024, between the Company and the Trustee (the Base Indenture and, together with the Second Supplemental Indenture,
the Indenture). The Second Supplemental Indenture relates to the Companys issuance, offer and sale of $1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its 5.800% notes due 2032 (the Notes).

The Notes will mature on March 8,
2032 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Companys option at any time at the redemption price set forth in the Second
Supplemental Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.800% per year payable semiannually on March 8 and September 8
of each year, commencing on September 8, 2025. The Notes are direct unsecured obligations of the Company.

The Company expects to use
the net proceeds of this offering to repay certain outstanding indebtedness under its debt facilities. The Company may reborrow under
its debt facilities for general corporate purposes, which include investing in portfolio companies in accordance with its investment objective.

The Base Indenture, as supplemented
by the Second Supplemental Indenture, contains certain covenants including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as
modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or any successor provisions, as such obligation
may be amended or superseded but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC), and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company should no longer
be subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important
limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture.

In addition, upon the
occurrence of a change of control repurchase event (which involves the occurrence of both a change of control and a below investment
grade rating of the Notes by each of Fitch, Inc., Moodys Investor Services, Inc. and Standard &
Poors Ratings Services), the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the
principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase.

The Notes were offered and
sold pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-279023) filed with the SEC on May 1, 2024, the preliminary
prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on January 2, 2025 and the pricing term sheet filed with the SEC on January 2, 2025.
The transaction closed on January 8, 2025.

The Trustee also serves as
the Companys custodian under the terms of a custody agreement, pursuant to which it receives customary fees and expenses as custodian.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Base Indenture, Second Supplemental Indenture and the Notes do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the full text of the Base Indenture, Second Supplemental Indenture and the Notes, respectively, each filed as exhibits hereto
and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial
Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information required by
Item 2.03 contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 2, 2025 the
Company, Ares Capital Management LLC, Ares Operations LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities
America, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named on Schedule A thereto, entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with respect to the issuance
and sale of the Notes.

In connection with the
issuance of the Notes, the Company entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. to swap from a
fixed rate of interest to a floating rate of interest. The notional amount of the interest rate swap is $1,000,000,000, pursuant to
which the Company will receive fixed rate interest at 5.800% and pay floating rate interest based on one-month SOFR + 1.6995%. The
interest rate swap has an effective date of January 8, 2026 and matures on March 8, 2032.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit

Number Description

1.1 Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, among Ares Capital Corporation, Ares Capital Management LLC, Ares Operations LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named on Schedule A thereto

4.1 Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2024, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00663) for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, filed on July 30, 2024)

4.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 8, 2025, relating to the 5.800% Notes due 2032, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee

4.3 Form of 5.800% Notes due 2032 (contained in the Second Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2 hereto)

5.1 Opinion of Venable LLP

5.2 Opinion of Kirkland & Ellis LLP

23.1 Consent of Venable LLP (contained in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto)

23.2 Consent of Kirkland & Ellis LLP (contained in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.2 hereto)

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL Document) 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

Date: January 8, 2025 

By: /s/ Scott C. Lem

Name: Scott C. Lem

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

(a Maryland corporation)

$1,000,000,000

5.800% Notes due 2032

PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated: January 2, 2025

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

(a Maryland corporation)

$1,000,000,000

5.800% Notes due 2032

PURCHASE AGREEMENT

January 2, 2025

BofA Securities, Inc.

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

As Representatives of the Underwriters

named in Schedule A hereto.

c/o BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

c/o SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

277 Park Avenue, 5th Floor

New York, New York 10172

c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

550 South Tryon Street

Charlotte, NC 28202

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Ares Capital Corporation,
a Maryland corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement with each of the Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (collectively,
the Underwriters, which term shall also include any underwriter substituted as hereinafter provided in Section 10 hereof),
for whom BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC are acting as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives), with respect to the issue and sale by the Company
and the purchase by the Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly, of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.800% Notes due
2032 (the Securities) of the Company set forth in said Schedule A.

2

The Securities will be issued
under an indenture dated as of May 13, 2024, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, to be dated as of January 8,
2025 (collectively, the Indenture) between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the
Trustee). The aforesaid Securities will be issued to Cede & Co. as nominee of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)
pursuant to a blanket letter of representations, dated as of October 14, 2010 (the DTC Agreement), between the Company
and DTC.

The Company understands that
the Underwriters propose to make a public offering of the Securities as soon as the Representatives deem advisable after this Agreement
has been executed and delivered.

The Company has filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a shelf registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-279023)
covering the registration of the Securities and certain of the Companys other securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the 1933 Act), which registration statement became effective upon filing with the Commission on May 1, 2024. The Indenture
has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the 1939 Act). The Company has also filed with the
Commission a preliminary prospectus supplement, dated January 2, 2025, which contains a base prospectus, dated May 1, 2024 (collectively,
the preliminary prospectus). Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file
a prospectus in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B (Rule 430B) of the rules and regulations of the
Commission under the 1933 Act (the 1933 Act Regulations) and Rule 424(b) (Rule 424(b)) of the
1933 Act Regulations. The information included or incorporated by reference in such prospectus that was omitted from such registration
statement at the time it became effective but that is deemed to be part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B is referred
to as Rule 430B Information. Unless the context otherwise requires, such registration statement, including all documents
filed as a part thereof, and including all post-effective amendments thereto filed on or prior to the date hereof and any Rule 430B
Information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act and
deemed to be part of the registration statement, and also including any registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) 
under the 1933 Act Regulations (the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), is herein called the Registration
Statement. The final prospectus in the form filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
1933 Act on or before the second business day after the date hereof (or such earlier time as may be required under the 1933 Act), which
will include the base prospectus, dated May 1, 2024, together with a final prospectus supplement, is herein called the Prospectus.
Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include
the documents that are incorporated by reference therein pursuant to the 1933 Act Regulations in effect as of the Applicable Time (as
defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic
Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR).

3

A Form N-54A Notification
of Election to be Subject to Sections 55 through 65 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 filed Pursuant to Section 54(a) of
the Investment Company Act (File No. 814-00663) (the Notification of Election) was filed with the Commission on April 21,
2004 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the 1940
Act).

The Company has entered into
the Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2019 (as amended, the Investment
Advisory Agreement) with Ares Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company registered as an investment adviser
(the Adviser), under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively,
the Advisers Act).

The Company has entered into
an Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2007 (the Administration Agreement), with Ares
Operations LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Administrator).

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties.

(a) Representations
and Warranties by the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, as of the Applicable
Time referred to in Section 1(a)(i) hereof, and as of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2(b) hereof, and agrees
with each Underwriter, as follows:

(i)Compliance
with Registration Requirements. The Company is eligible to use Form N-2. The Registration Statement (and the Registration Statement
as amended by any post-effective amendment if the Company shall have made any amendments thereto after the effective date of the Registration
Statement) became effective upon filing under the 1933 Act with the Commission and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement (and the Registration Statement as amended by any post-effective amendment if the Company shall have made any amendments thereto
after the effective date of the Registration Statement) has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose or pursuant
to Section 8A of the 1933 Act have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated by the Commission,
and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with.

4

At the respective
times the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto became effective, at the Applicable Time and at the Closing
Time, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act
Regulations and the 1940 Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or
supplements thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), at the time the Prospectus or any such amendment or supplement was issued, and
at the Closing Time, included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

The Prospectus,
the preliminary prospectus and the prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment
thereto complied when so filed in all material respects with the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1940 Act except for any corrections
to the preliminary prospectus that are made in the Prospectus and the preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters
for use in connection with this offering was identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant
to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

As of the Applicable
Time, the preliminary prospectus, together with the information included on Schedule B hereto, all considered together (collectively,
the General Disclosure Package), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of
the date hereof, as of the Applicable Time, and as of the Closing Time, the Marketing Materials (as defined below), together with the
information contained in the General Disclosure Package, did not and will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.

The documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus (i) at the
time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act) and (ii) at the time they were filed with the Commission,
when read together with the other information in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the
case may be, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

As used in this
subsection and elsewhere in this Agreement, Applicable Time means 3:54 P.M. (Eastern time) on January 2, 2025,
or such other time as agreed by the Company and the Representatives.

5

As used in this
subsection and elsewhere in this Agreement, Marketing Materials means the materials, if any, set forth on Schedule D hereto.

The representations
and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to (x) statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement (or any amendment
thereto), including the Rule 430B information, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto),
the General Disclosure Package or the Marketing Materials made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to
the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto),
including the Rule 430B information, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the General
Disclosure Package or the Marketing Materials, or (y) the part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility
and Qualification under the 1939 Act (Form T-1) of the Trustee under the Indenture.

(ii)Independent
Accountants. The accountants who certified the Companys financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are independent public accountants as required by the 1933 Act, the 1933
Act Regulations and the 1934 Act.

(iii)Financial
Statements. The financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the
Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) at the dates indicated and the consolidated statement of operations, consolidated statement
of stockholders equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods specified;
there are no financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus that are not included as required; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. The Financial
Highlights included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly, in all material
respects, the information shown therein as of the date presented and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited
financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The financial data set
forth in the General Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus under the caption Capitalization fairly presents the information
set forth therein on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements and related notes thereto contained in the Registration
Statement. There is no pro forma financial information that is required to be included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus that is not included as required.

6

(iv)No
Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein, (A) there has been no material adverse change
in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(as defined below) considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse
Effect), (B) there have been no transactions entered into by the Company or its Subsidiaries, other than those in the ordinary
course of business, which are material with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, and (C) there
has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock.

(v)Good
Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws
of the State of Maryland and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as
described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the
Investment Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the Indenture, the Securities and the DTC Agreement; and the Company is duly
qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification
is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify
or to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(vi)Subsidiaries.
The Companys only subsidiaries that are consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes under GAAP are those listed
on Schedule C hereto (each, a Subsidiary and collectively, the Subsidiaries). Each of the Subsidiaries has
been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its
business as described in the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership
to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership
or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, all of the issued and
outstanding capital stock of each such Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable; none
of the outstanding shares of capital stock of any of the Subsidiaries was issued in violation of the preemptive or other similar rights
of any securityholder of such Subsidiary. Except (A) as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, and (B) portfolio investments made after September 30, 2024, the Company does not own, directly or indirectly,
any shares of stock or any other equity or debt securities of any corporation or have any equity or debt interest in any firm, partnership,
joint venture, association or other entity that is not a Subsidiary.

7

(vii)Capitalization.
The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
under the caption Capitalization (except for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to the Companys Dividend Reinvestment
Plan or pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans, if any, referred to in the General Disclosure Package or in the
Prospectus or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options, if any, referred to in the General Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus). The shares of issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and non-assessable; none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company was issued in violation of preemptive or
other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company.

(viii)Authorization
of Agreements. (A) This Agreement, the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement have each been duly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Company. The Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement are valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be subject to (i) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or thereafter in effect relating to creditors rights generally
and (ii) general principles of equity and the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

(B) The
Indenture (including the Second Supplemental Indenture) has been duly authorized by the Company and, as of the Closing Time, will be duly
executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming it has been executed and delivered by the Trustee, will constitute a valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be subject
to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or thereafter in effect relating to creditors
rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity and the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be
brought.

8

(C) The
DTC Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or thereafter in effect relating to creditors rights generally and (ii) general
principles of equity and the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

(ix)Authorization
and Description of Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale to the Underwriters pursuant to this
Agreement and, when issued and delivered by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement
and of the Indenture relating thereto, against payment of the consideration set forth in this Agreement, will be valid and legally binding
obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be subject to the effect
of (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or thereafter in effect relating to creditors
rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity and the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be
brought, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture relating thereto; and the Securities and the Indenture conform in all material
respects to the statements relating thereto contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(x)Absence
of Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of its charter, by-laws or other organizational
documents. Further, neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is in default in the performance or observance of any obligation,
agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease
or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them may be bound, or to
which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is subject (collectively, Agreements and Instruments)
except for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
the Indenture (including the Second Supplemental Indenture), the Securities, the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement
and the DTC Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein and in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the
sale of the Securities as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds)
and compliance by the Company with its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of
notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or
result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
pursuant to, the Agreements and Instruments, except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events that would not result in
a Material Adverse Effect, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, by-laws or other organizational
documents of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree
of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
or any of their assets, properties or operations. As used herein, a Repayment Event means any event or condition which gives
the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to
require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries.

9

(xi)Absence
of Proceedings. Other than as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, there is no action, suit or proceeding or, to the knowledge
of the Company, inquiry or investigation, before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending,
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, which is required to be
disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, or which would result in a Material Adverse Effect, or which would materially and adversely
affect the properties or assets thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, the Indenture (including
the Second Supplemental Indenture), the Securities, the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement or the DTC Agreement
or the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder or thereunder; the aggregate of all pending legal or governmental proceedings
to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their respective property or assets is the subject which
are not described in the General Disclosure Package, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, would not result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xii)Accuracy
of Exhibits. There are no contracts or documents which are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
or to be filed as exhibits thereto which have not been so described and filed as required.

(xiii)Possession
of Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate patents, patent
rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential
information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual
Property) necessary to carry on the business now operated by them or proposed to be operated by them immediately following the
offering of the Securities as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the failure to own or possess
or otherwise be able to acquire such rights in a timely manner would not otherwise reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, and neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has received any notice of or is otherwise aware of any infringement of or
conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual Property or of any facts or circumstances which would render
any Intellectual Property invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries therein, and which infringement
or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy, singly or in the aggregate, would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(xiv)Absence
of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification or decree
of, any court or governmental authority or agency is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder,
in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the Securities hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, the Indenture, the Securities, the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the DTC Agreement, the
General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (including the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds), except (A) such as have been already obtained
under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1939 Act or the 1940 Act, (B) such as may be required under state securities laws,
and (C) the filing of the Notification of Election under the 1940 Act, which has been effected.

(xv)Absence
of Manipulation. Neither the Company nor any affiliate of the Company has taken, nor will the Company or any affiliate take, directly
or indirectly, any action which is designed to or which has constituted or which would be expected to cause or result in stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities in violation of any law,
statute, regulation or rule applicable to the Company or its affiliates.

(xvi)Possession
of Licenses and Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations
(collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or
bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them or proposed to be operated by them immediately following the offering of
the Securities as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the failure so to possess would not reasonably
be expected to, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with
the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not reasonably be expected to,
singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect,
except when the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would
not reasonably be expected to, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of the
Subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which,
singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.

11

(xvii)Investment
Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus will not be required, to register as a registered management investment
company under the 1940 Act.

(xviii)Registration
Rights. There are no persons with registration rights or other similar rights to have any securities registered pursuant to the Registration
Statement or otherwise registered by the Company under the 1933 Act.

(xix)Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company, any of the Subsidiaries
or any other person required to be described in the Prospectus which have not been described as required.

(xx)Notification
of Election. When the Notification of Election was filed with the Commission, it (A) contained all statements required to be
stated therein in accordance with, and complied in all material respects with the requirements of, the 1940 Act and (B) did not include
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(xxi)Investment
Advisory Agreement. (A) The terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, including compensation terms, comply in all material
respects with all applicable provisions of the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act and (B) the approvals by the board of directors and
the stockholders of the Company of the Investment Advisory Agreement have been made in accordance with the requirements of Section 15
of the 1940 Act applicable to companies that have elected to be regulated as business development companies under the 1940 Act.

(xxii)Interested
Persons. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (A) no person is
serving or acting as an officer, director or investment adviser of the Company, except in accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act
and the Advisers Act, and (B) to the knowledge of the Company, no director of the Company is an interested person (as
defined in the 1940 Act) of the Company or an affiliated person (as defined in the 1940 Act) of any of the Underwriters.

12

(xxiii)Business
Development Company. (A) The Company has duly elected to be treated by the Commission under the 1940 Act as a business development
company, such election is effective and all required action has been taken by the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1940 Act to make
the public offering and consummate the sale of the Securities as provided in this Agreement; (B) the provisions of the corporate
charter and by-laws of the Company, and the investment objectives, policies and restrictions described in the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, assuming they are implemented as described, will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1940
Act; and (C) the operations of the Company are in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of the 1940 Act applicable
to business development companies.

(xxiv)Employees
and Executives. The Company is not aware that (A) any executive, key employee or significant group of employees of the Company,
any of the Subsidiaries, the Adviser or the Administrator plans to terminate employment with the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, the
Adviser or the Administrator or (B) any such executive or key employee is subject to any noncompete, nondisclosure, confidentiality,
employment, consulting or similar arrangement that would be violated by the present or proposed business activities of the Company, any
of the Subsidiaries, the Adviser or the Administrator except where such termination or violation would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxv)No
Extension of Credit. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, including through a Subsidiary, extended credit, arranged to extend
credit, or renewed any extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer of the Company.

(xxvi)Accounting
Controls. The Company has established and maintains an effective system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurances that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements authorization; (B) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; and (C) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements authorization.

(xxvii)Disclosure
Controls. The Company has established and employs effective disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to
the Companys management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.

13

(xxviii)Tax
Returns. The Company and the Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns that are required to have been
filed by them pursuant to applicable foreign, federal, state, local or other law or have duly requested extensions thereof, except insofar
as the failure to file such returns or request such extensions would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
and have paid all taxes shown as due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company and the Subsidiaries,
except for such taxes or assessments, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided
or where the failure to pay would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxix)No
Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee
or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has (A) used any corporate funds for
any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (B) made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; (C) violated or is in violation
of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or (D) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment,
kickback or other unlawful payment. The Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, have instituted, maintain and enforce, and will
continue to maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and
anti-corruption laws except in each case as would not reasonably expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(xxx)Compliance
with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times
in compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III
of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA
PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and each of its Subsidiaries conduct
business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered
or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with
respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

14

(xix) No Conflicts with Sanctions Laws. (i) None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity (Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more Persons that are:

(a) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office
of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions
authority (collectively, Sanctions), or

(b) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including,
without limitation, Crimea, the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk
Peoples Republic and so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria).

(ii) The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering of the Securities hereunder,
or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person:

(a) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory
that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions; or

(b) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating
in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(iii) For the past 5 years (or, in the case of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department
of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, for the past 10 years), the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have not knowingly
engaged in, and are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not knowingly engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in
any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions.

15

(xxxi)Company
Not Ineligible Issuer and is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. The Company is not an ineligible issuer and is a well-known seasoned issuer,
in each case as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act, in each case at the times specified in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act in
connection with the offering of the Securities.

(xxxii)Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Except as disclosed in the General Disclosure Package, the Company is, and to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys
directors and officers, in their capacities as such, are, in compliance in all material respects with any applicable provision of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related
to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.

(xxxiii)Cybersecurity.
(A) The Company is not aware of any security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise relating
to the Advisers information technology and computer systems, data and databases used by the Company (collectively, IT Systems
and Data) except in each case as would not reasonably expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect,
and (B) to the Companys knowledge, the Adviser has implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and technological
safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of its IT Systems and Data reasonably
consistent with in all material respects with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory standards. To
the Companys knowledge, the Adviser is presently in material compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to the
privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification.

(b) Representations
and Warranties of the Adviser and the Administrator. The Adviser and the Administrator, jointly and severally, represent to each Underwriter
as of the date hereof, as of the Applicable Time, and as of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2(b) hereof, and agree with
each Underwriter as follows:

(i)No
Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein, there has been no material adverse change in the condition,
financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs, business prospects or regulatory status of the Adviser or the Administrator,
whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. For
purposes of this Section 1(b), Material Adverse Effect means, in addition to a Material Adverse Effect
as defined in Section 1(c)(iv), any material adverse effect on the ability of the Adviser or Administrator, as applicable, to fulfill
its obligations under this Agreement.

16

(ii)Good
Standing. Each of the Adviser and the Administrator has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability company
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has limited liability company power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and to conduct its business as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform
its obligations under this Agreement; the Adviser has limited liability company power and authority to execute and deliver and perform
its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement; the Administrator has limited liability company power and authority to enter
into and perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement; and each of the Adviser and the Administrator is duly qualified to
transact business as a foreign entity and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether
by reason of ownership or leasing of its property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to qualify or be in good standing
would not otherwise reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii)Registration
Under Advisers Act. The Adviser is duly registered with the Commission as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act and is not
prohibited by the Advisers Act or the 1940 Act from acting under the Investment Advisory Agreement for the Company as contemplated by
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. There does not exist any proceeding or, to the Advisers knowledge, any facts
or circumstances the existence of which could lead to any proceeding which might adversely affect the registration of the Adviser with
the Commission.

(iv)Absence
of Proceedings. There is no action, suit or proceeding or, to the knowledge of the Adviser or the Administrator, inquiry or investigation
before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Adviser or
the Administrator, threatened, against or affecting either the Adviser or the Administrator, which is required to be disclosed in the
General Disclosure Package (other than as disclosed therein), or which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
or which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement,
the Indenture, the Securities, the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement; the aggregate of all pending legal or
governmental proceedings to which the Adviser or the Administrator is a party or of which any of their respective property or assets is
the subject which are not described in the General Disclosure Package, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to their business,
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

17

(v)Absence
of Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Adviser nor the Administrator is in violation of its limited liability company operating agreement
or in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Adviser or the Administrator
is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Adviser or the Administrator is
subject (collectively, the Adviser/Administrator Agreements and Instruments), or in violation of any law, statute, rule,
regulation, judgment, order or decree except for such violations or defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein and in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus (including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities
as described in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) and compliance by the
Adviser and the Administrator with their respective obligations hereunder and under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration
Agreement do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a
breach of, or default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of
the Adviser or the Administrator pursuant to, the Adviser/Administrator Agreements and Instruments except for such violations or defaults
that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions
of the limited liability company operating agreement of the Adviser or Administrator, respectively, or any applicable law, statute, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Adviser or the Administrator or any of their assets, properties or operations.

(vi)Authorization
of Agreements. This Agreement, the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement have been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Adviser and the Administrator, as applicable. This Agreement, the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration
Agreement are valid and binding obligations of the Adviser or the Administrator, as applicable, enforceable against them in accordance
with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar laws now or thereafter in effect relating to creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity and
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

18

(vii)Absence
of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification or decree
of, any court or governmental authority or agency is necessary or required for the performance by the Adviser or the Administrator of
their obligations hereunder, in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the Securities hereunder or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Indenture, the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the DTC Agreement,
the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (including the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds), except (A) such as have been already
obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations or the 1940 Act, (B) such as may be required under state securities laws and
(C) the filing of the Notification of Election under the 1940 Act, which has been effected.

(viii)Description
of Adviser and Administrator. The description of the Adviser and the Administrator contained in the General Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

(ix)Possession
of Licenses and Permits. The Adviser and the Administrator possess such Governmental Licenses issued by the appropriate federal, state,
local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them, except where the failure so to
possess would not reasonably be expected to, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; the Adviser and the Administrator
are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly
or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except
when the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not,
singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Adviser nor the Administrator has received any notice
of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which, singly or in the aggregate, if the
subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(x)Stabilization
and Manipulation. Neither the Adviser, the Administrator nor any of their respective partners, officers, affiliates or controlling
persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, under the 1934 Act, to result in the stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale of the Securities in violation of any law, statute, regulation or rule applicable
to the Adviser, the Administrator or any of their respective partners, officers, affiliates or controlling persons.

19

(xi)Employment
Status. The Adviser is not aware that (A) any executive, key employee or significant group of employees of the Company, if any,
any of the Subsidiaries, the Adviser or the Administrator, as applicable, plans to terminate employment with the Company, any of the Subsidiaries,
the Adviser or the Administrator or (B) any such executive or key employee is subject to any noncompete, nondisclosure, confidentiality,
employment, consulting or similar agreement that would be violated by the present or proposed business activities of the Company, the
Subsidiaries or the Adviser except where such termination or violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(xii)Internal
Controls. The Adviser is using its commercially reasonable efforts to operate a system of internal controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that (A) transactions effectuated by it under the Investment Advisory Agreement are executed in accordance with
its managements general or specific authorization; and (B) access to the Companys assets that are in its possession
or control is permitted only in accordance with its managements general or specific authorization.

(xiii)Accounting
Controls. The Administrator is using its commercially reasonable efforts to operate a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions for which it has bookkeeping and record keeping responsibility for under the
Administration Agreement are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the Companys financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for the Companys assets and (B) the
recorded accountability for such assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences.

(c)Officers
Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, the Adviser or the Administrator delivered
to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, such Subsidiary,
the Adviser and/or the Administrator, as applicable, to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby.

SECTION 2. Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing.

(a)Securities.
On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the
Company agrees to sell to each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase
from the Company, at the price set forth in Schedule A, the aggregate principal amount of Securities set forth in Schedule A opposite
the name of such Underwriter, plus any additional aggregate principal amount of Securities which such Underwriter may become obligated
to purchase pursuant to the provisions of Section 10 hereof

(b)Payment.
Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Securities shall be made at the offices of Freshfields US LLP, 3 World Trade
Center, 175 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10007 or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company,
at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the fourth business day after the date hereof (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions
of Section 10), or such other time not later than ten business days after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives
and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called Closing Time).

20

Payment shall be made to the
Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company, against delivery to the Representatives
through the facilities of DTC for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of Securities to be purchased by them. It is understood
that each Underwriter has authorized the Representatives, for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the
purchase price for, the Securities, which it has agreed to purchase. The Representatives, individually and not as representatives of the
Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter
whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.

(c)Denominations;
Registration. The Securities shall be transferred electronically at the Closing Time, in such denominations and registered in such
names as the Representatives may request; provided that any such request must be received in writing at least one full business day before
the Closing Time.

SECTION 3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants with each Underwriter as follows:

(a)Compliance
with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. During any period that a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to
be delivered under the 1933 Act (but in any event through the Closing Time), the Company, subject to Section 3(b), will comply with
the requirements of Rule 415, Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) and will notify the Representatives immediately, and confirm
the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective, or any supplement
to the Prospectus or any amended Prospectus shall have been filed, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating
to the Registration Statement, (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information, and (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, or of
any proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale
in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company will promptly effect
the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424(b) and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the
form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that
it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. During any period that a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered
under the 1933 Act (but in any event through the Closing Time), the Company will use its reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of
any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

21

(b)Filing
of Amendments. During any period that a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act (but
in any event through the Closing Time), the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment
to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b)) or any amendment, supplement or revision to any preliminary
prospectus (including any prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time it became effective) or to the Prospectus, will
furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the
case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably
object. The Company has given the Underwriters notice of any filings made pursuant to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations adopted
thereunder within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time; the Company will give the Underwriters notice of its intention to make any such
filing from the Applicable Time to the Closing Time and will furnish the Underwriters with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount
of time prior to such proposed filing.

(c)Delivery
of Commission Filings. Upon the Representatives written request, the Company will deliver to the Representatives, without charge,
conformed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed, and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith
or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and conformed copies
of all consents and certificates of experts, and, upon the Representatives request, will also deliver to the Representatives, without
charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of
the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical
to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation
S-T, or as filed with the Commission in paper form as permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d)Delivery
of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary prospectus as such
Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The
Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the
1933 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus
and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof
filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

22

(e)Continued
Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933
Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Prospectus.
If at any time when a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities, any event shall
occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company,
to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include any untrue statements
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the
circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any
such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933
Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b), such amendment
or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement or the Prospectus comply
with such requirements, and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the
Underwriters may reasonably request.

(f)Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the
Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as
the Representatives may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect for as long as the Representatives reasonably request;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign
corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect
of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

(g)Rule 158.
The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its securityholders
as soon as reasonably practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph
of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act.

(h)DTC.
The Company will cooperate with the Representatives and use its commercially reasonable efforts to permit the offered Securities to
be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of DTC.

(i)Use
of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner specified in the General
Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds.

(j)Restriction
on Sale of Securities. Through the Closing Time, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, directly
or indirectly, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant any option for the sale of, or otherwise transfer or dispose of any debt securities
issued or guaranteed by the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for debt securities issued or guaranteed
by the Company or file any registration statement under the 1933 Act with respect to any of the foregoing. The foregoing sentence shall
not apply to the registration and sale of Securities to be sold hereunder.

23

(k)Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, will file all documents
required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder.

(l)Business
Development Company Status. The Company, during a period of at least 12 months from the Closing Time, will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain its status as a business development company; provided, however, the Company may cease to be, or withdraw
its election as, a business development company, with the approval of the board of directors and a vote of stockholders as required by
Section 58 of the 1940 Act or any successor provision.

(m)Regulated
Investment Company Status. During the 12-month period following the Closing Time, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to qualify and elect to be treated as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the Code) and to maintain such qualification and election in effect for each full fiscal year during which it
is a business development company under the 1940 Act.

(n)Accounting
Controls. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurances that (A) material information relating to the Company and the assets managed by the Adviser is promptly
made known to the officers responsible for establishing and maintaining the system of internal accounting controls; and (B) any significant
deficiencies or weaknesses in the design or operation of internal accounting controls which could adversely affect the Companys
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data, and any fraud whether or not material that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in internal controls, are adequately and promptly disclosed to the Companys independent auditors
and the audit committee of the Companys board of directors.

(o)Marketing
Materials. Before using, authorizing, approving or referring to any Marketing Materials, the Company will furnish to the Representatives
and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of such materials for review and will not use, authorize, approve or refer to any such materials
to which the Representatives or the counsel for the Underwriters reasonably object.

24

SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses.

(a)Expenses.
The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the preparation,
printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment
thereto, (ii) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of this Agreement, the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and such other documents
as may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities, (iii) the preparation,
issuance and delivery of the certificates for the Securities to the Underwriters, including any transfer taxes and any stamp or other
duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the
Companys, the Advisers and the Administrators counsel, accountants and other advisors, (v) the qualification
of the Securities under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(f) hereof, including filing fees and
the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation of
the Blue Sky Survey and any supplement thereto, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Underwriters of copies of each preliminary
prospectus and of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the Underwriters
of copies of the Blue Sky Survey and any supplement thereto, (viii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee with respect to the Securities,
(ix) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Underwriters in connection with, the
review by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) of the terms of the sale of the Securities, and (x) the
costs and expenses (including without limitation any damages or other amounts payable in connection with legal or contractual liability)
associated with the reforming of any contracts for sale of the Securities made by the Underwriters (which are terminated prior to the
Closing Time) caused by a breach of the representation contained in the fourth paragraph of Section 1(a)(i). In the event there are
any road show or marketing expenses, the Underwriters will pay their own expenses and the Company will pay its own expenses.

(b)Termination
of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or Section 9(a)(i) and
(iii) hereof, the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for all of their out-of-pocket expenses incurred, including the reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters.

SECTION 5. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator contained in Section 1 hereof or in certificates of any officer
of the Company, the Adviser or the Administrator, to the performance by the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator of their respective
covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions:

(a)Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement, including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, has become effective
and at the Closing Time no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the 1933
Act or proceedings therefor or pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act initiated or threatened by the Commission, and any request
on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the
Underwriters. A final prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with
Rule 424(b).

25

(b)Opinions
of Counsel for Company. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing Time,
of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, counsel for the Company, Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP, special regulatory counsel for the Company,
and Venable LLP, special Maryland counsel for the Company, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the
Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters, to the effect set forth in
Exhibits A through C hereto. Such counsel may state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied upon certificates
of officers of the Company and/or any of the Subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.

(c)Opinion
of Counsel for Underwriters. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of Closing
Time, of Freshfields US LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other
Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. In giving such opinion such counsel may rely, as to
all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York and the federal law of the United States
upon the opinions of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, including counsel of the Company. Such counsel may also state
that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers
of the Company and/or any of the Subsidiaries and certificates of public officials.

(d)Officers
Certificates. (i) At the Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which
information is given in the Prospectus or the General Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise,
or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and the Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or
not arising in the ordinary course of business, and the Representatives shall have received a certificate of the chief executive officer
or president of the Company and of the chief financial or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect
that (A) there has been no such material adverse change, (B) the representations and warranties in Section 1(a) hereof
are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of Closing Time, (C) the Company has complied
with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to Closing Time, and (D) no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted
or are pending or, to their knowledge, contemplated by the Commission.

26

(ii) At
the Closing Time, there shall not have been, since the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the
Prospectus or the General Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings,
business affairs, business prospects or regulatory status of the Adviser or the Administrator, whether or not arising in the ordinary
course of business, that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, with respect to each of the
Adviser and the Administrator, an Advisers Material Adverse Effect), and the Representatives shall have received a certificate
of a vice president (or other authorized officer) and the chief financial or chief accounting officer (or other authorized officer) of
each of the Adviser and the Administrator, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that (A) there has been no such Advisers Material
Adverse Effect, (B) the representations and warranties of the Adviser and Administrator in Sections 1(a) and 1(b) hereof
are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of Closing Time, (C) the Adviser and the Administrator
have complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on their part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to Closing Time,
and (D) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to their knowledge, contemplated by the Commission.

(e)Accountants
Comfort Letter and CFO Certificate. At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received:

(i) A
letter from KPMG LLP, independent public accountants for the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives,
covering the financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus of the Company, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters, containing
statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect
to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(ii) A
certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives and as
agreed upon prior to the date hereof, covering certain financial matters of the Company, together with signed or reproduced copies of
such certificate for each of the other Underwriters.

(f)Bring-down
Comfort Letter and CFO Certificate. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received (i) from KPMG LLP, independent
public accountants for the Company, dated as of Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished
pursuant to subsection (e)(i) of this Section, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business
days prior to Closing Time and (ii) from the Company, a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company, dated as of the
Closing Time, to the effect that the chief financial officer of the Company reaffirms the statements made in the certificate furnished
pursuant to subsection (e)(ii) of this Section.

(g)Indenture.
At or prior to the Closing Time, the Indenture shall be in full force and effect.

27

(h)Ratings.
At the Closing Time, the Securities shall be rated at least BBB- by Standard & Poors and BBB by Fitch and since the
execution of this Agreement, there shall not have been any decrease in the rating of any debt or preferred stock of the Company or any
Subsidiary by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934
Act), or any notice given of any intended or potential decrease in any such rating or of a possible change in any such rating that does
not indicate the direction of the possible change, and no such organization shall have publicly announced it has under surveillance or
review any such rating.

(i)Additional
Documents. At the Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents as they may reasonably
require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence
the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings
taken by the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated
shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters.

(k) Termination
of Agreement. If any condition specified in this Section shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled,
this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time at or prior to Closing Time, and such termination
shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8
shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 6. Indemnification.

(a) (1) Indemnification
of Underwriters by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, as such term is
defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act (each, an Affiliate), its directors, officers, selling agents and each
person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act
as follows:

(i) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information
(including the information on Schedule B hereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or in the General
Disclosure Package or the Marketing Materials, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

28

(ii) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement
of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever
based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below)
any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company;

(iii) against
any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives), reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency
or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue
statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above;

provided,
however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out
of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment
thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto),
the General Disclosure Package or the Marketing Materials.

(2) Indemnification
of Underwriters by the Adviser and the Administrator. Each of the Adviser and the Administrator, jointly and severally, agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its Affiliates, its directors, officers, selling agents and each person, if any, who controls
any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows:

(i) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information
(including the information on Schedule B hereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or in the General
Disclosure Package or in the Marketing Materials, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading to the extent the loss, liability,
claim, damage and expense relates to information concerning the Adviser or the Administrator;

29

(ii) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement
of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever
based upon any such untrue statement or omission related to the Adviser or the Administrator or any such alleged untrue statement or omission
related to the Adviser or the Administrator; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with
the written consent of the Company;

(iii) against
any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives), reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency
or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission related to the Adviser or the
Administrator, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission related to the Adviser or the Administrator, to the extent that any such
expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above;

provided,
however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out
of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment
thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto),
the General Disclosure Package or the Marketing Materials.

(b)Indemnification
of Company, Directors, Officers, Adviser and Administrator. Each Underwriter severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each
of the Company, the Adviser, the Administrator, each of their directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls the Company,
the Adviser or the Administrator within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act, against any
and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred,
but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement
(or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment
or supplement thereto) or in the General Disclosure Package or the Marketing Materials in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or
any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, or any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto) or in the General Disclosure Package or the Marketing Materials.

30

(c)Actions
against Parties; Notification. Each indemnified party shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying
party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder (an Action), but failure
to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially
prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of
this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a)(1) or (2) above, counsel to the indemnified
parties shall be selected by the Representatives, and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel
to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Company. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of
any such Action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified
party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than
one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with any one
Action or separate but similar or related Actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances.
No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened,
or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7
hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent
(i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation,
proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on
behalf of any indemnified party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the assumption of the defense of any such Action
nor the payment of any fees or expenses related thereto shall be deemed to be an admission by the indemnifying party that it has an obligation
to indemnify any person pursuant to this Agreement.

(d)Settlement
Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse
the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the
nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(1)(ii) or 6(a)(2)(ii) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement
is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party
shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such
indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

31

(e)Acknowledgement
by the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator. The Company, the Adviser and the Administrator also acknowledge and agree that
(i) the purchase and sale of any Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price
of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the
one hand, and the Underwriters of such Securities, on the other hand, (ii) in connection with the public offering of the Securities
and the process leading to such transaction the Underwriters will act solely as principals and not as agents or fiduciaries of the Company
or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (iii) the Underwriters will not assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility
in favor of the Company with respect to the offering of Securities contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of
whether the Underwriters have advised or are currently advising the Company on other matters) and the Underwriters will not have any obligation
to the Company with respect to the offering except the obligations expressly set forth herein, (iv) the Underwriters and their affiliates
may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and (v) the Underwriters
have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering of the Securities
and the Company has consulted and will consult its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate.

SECTION 7. Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified
party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute
to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator on the one
hand and the Underwriters on the other hand from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation
provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative
benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator on the one
hand and of the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities,
claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.

The relative benefits received
by the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the offering
of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the
offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discount
received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate initial public offering
price of the Securities as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus.

The relative fault of the
Company, the Adviser and the Administrator on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a
material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator or by the Underwriters and the parties
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

32

The Company, the Adviser,
the Administrator and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were
determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation
which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses,
liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed
to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against
any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever
based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at
which the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which
such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

No person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who
was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

For purposes of this Section 7,
each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934
Act and each Underwriters Affiliates, directors, officers, and selling agents shall have the same rights to contribution as such
Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company, and each person, if any, who controls the Company, Adviser
or Administrator within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to
contribution as the Company, Adviser or Administrator, as the case may be. The Underwriters respective obligations to contribute
pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of Securities set forth opposite their respective
names in Schedule A hereto and not joint.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of Section 6 and this Section 7, no party shall be entitled to indemnification or contribution under this Agreement
in violation of Section 17(i) of the 1940 Act.

SECTION 8. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates
of officers of the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, the Adviser and the Administrator submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative
and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling
agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company and (ii) delivery
of and payment for the Securities.

33

SECTION 9. Termination of Agreement.

(a)Termination;
General. The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to Closing Time (i) if
there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus
or the General Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business
affairs or business prospects of the Company and the Subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, the Adviser or the Administrator, whether
or not arising in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets
in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis
or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions,
in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to market
the Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, or (iii) if trading in any securities of the Company has been
suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market or The New York Stock
Exchange, or (iv) if trading generally on The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American LLC, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq
Global Select Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges
for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, FINRA or any other governmental
authority, or (v) a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the
United States, or (vi) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal or New York authorities.

(b)Liabilities.
If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party
except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain
in full force and effect.

SECTION 10. Default
by One or More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Securities which
it or they are obligated to purchase under this Agreement (the Defaulted Securities), the Representatives shall have the
right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters,
to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set
forth; if, however, the Representatives shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:

(i) if
the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Securities to be purchased
on such date, each of the non- defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof
in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations hereunder bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting
Underwriters, or

34

(ii) if
the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Securities to be purchased on
such date, this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter.

No action taken
pursuant to this Section shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default.

In the event of
any such default which does not result in a termination of this Agreement, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right
to postpone Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements. As used herein, the term Underwriter
includes any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section 10.

SECTION 11. Tax Disclosure.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, from the commencement of discussions with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby, the Company (and each employee, representative or other agent of the Company) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure (as such terms are used in Sections 6011, 6111 and 6112 of the U.S. Code and the Treasury
Regulations promulgated thereunder) of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions
or other tax analyses) that are provided relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

SECTION 12. Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted
by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at BofA Securities, Inc.,
One Bryant Park, New York, NY 10036, Attention: High Grade Debt Capital Markets Transaction Management/Legal, Fax: [***], J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York NY 10179, attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, facsimile: [***], SMBC Nikko Securities
America, Inc. at 277 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10172, Toll Free: [***], Attention: Debt Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, 550 South Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 28202, Attention: Transaction Management; Email: [***], with a copy to Freshfields US LLP,
3 World Trade Center, 175 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10007, attention: Valerie Ford Jacob and Michael Levitt; and notices to the Company,
the Adviser and Administrator shall be directed to them at 245 Park Avenue, 44th Floor, New York, NY 10167, attention: General Counsel,
with a copy to Kirkland & Ellis LLP, 2049 Century Park East, Suite 3700, Los Angeles, CA 90067, attention: Monica Shilling
and Christopher Wu.

35

SECTION 13. Parties.
This Agreement shall each inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors.
Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than
the Underwriters, the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator and their respective successors and the controlling persons, officers,
directors and other parties referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof
are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Underwriters, the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator and their respective
successors, and said controlling persons, officers, directors and other parties referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal
representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be
deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase.

SECTION 14. GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED THERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.

SECTION 15. TIME.
TIME SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.

SECTION 16. Submission
to Jurisdiction. Except as set forth below, no claim or action may be commenced, prosecuted or continued in any court other than the
courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, which courts shall have jurisdiction over the adjudication of such matters, and each of the Underwriters, the Company, the
Adviser and the Administrator consent to the jurisdiction of such courts and personal service with respect thereto. The Company, the Adviser
and the Administrator hereby consent to personal jurisdiction, service and venue in any court in which any claim or action arising out
of or in any way relating to this Agreement is brought by any third party against the Underwriters or any indemnified party. The Underwriters,
the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders
and affiliates) waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based upon contract, tort or otherwise)
in any way arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

SECTION 17. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Electronic signatures complying with the New York Electronic Signatures and Records
Act (N.Y. State Tech. 301-309), as amended from time to time, or other applicable law will be deemed original signatures
for purposes of this Agreement. Transmission by telecopy, electronic mail or other transmission method of an executed counterpart of this
Agreement will constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart.

SECTION 18. Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

36

SECTION 19. USA Patriot
Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)),
the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company,
which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters
to properly identify their respective clients.

SECTION 20. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution
Regimes.

(a) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer
from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent
as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to
be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning
assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

Covered Entity means any of the
following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);
(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning assigned
to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means
each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

37

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along
with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement between the Underwriters, the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator in accordance
with its terms.

Very truly yours,

COMPANY:

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

By: /s/
Kipp deVeer

Name: Kipp deVeer

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ADVISER:

ARES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ Joshua Bloomstein 

Name: Joshua M. Bloomstein

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

ADMINISTRATOR:

ARES OPERATIONS LLC

By: /s/
Anton Feingold

Name: Anton Feingold

Title: Vice President and Assistant Secretary

[Signature Page to Purchase Agreement Company]

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,

as of the date first above written:

BofA SECURITIES, INC.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

SMBC NIKKO SECURITIES AMERICA, INC.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

By: BOFA SECURITIES, INC. 

By: /s/ Zara Kwan 

Name: Zara Kwan 

Title: Managing Director 

By: J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES
LLC 

By: /s/ Stephen L. Sheiner 

Name: Stephen L. Sheiner 

Title: Executive Director 

By: SMBC
Nikko Securities America, Inc. 

By: /s/ Thomas Bausano 

Name: Thomas Bausano 

Title: Managing Director 

By: WELLS
FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 

By: /s/ Carolyn Hurley 

Name: Carolyn Hurley 

Title: Managing Director 

For themselves and as Representatives of the other Underwriters

[Signature Page to Purchase
Agreement Representatives]

SCHEDULE A

1. The initial offering
price for the Securities shall be 98.973% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued interest, if any, from the date of issuance.

2. The purchase
price for the Securities to be paid by the several Underwriters shall be 98.323% of the aggregate principal amount thereof.

Name of Underwriter Aggregate 

Principal 

Amount of 

Securities to 

be Purchased 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 192,500,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 192,500,000 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. $ 192,500,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $ 192,500,000 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $ 22,275,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC $ 22,275,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC $ 22,275,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 22,275,000 

BNP Paribas Securities Corp. $ 7,400,000 

CIBC World Markets Corp. $ 7,400,000 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC $ 7,400,000 

SG Americas Securities, LLC $ 7,400,000 

Regions Securities LLC $ 7,400,000 

Barclays Capital Inc. $ 6,225,000 

BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC $ 6,225,000 

Capital One Securities, Inc. $ 6,225,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $ 6,225,000 

ICBC Standard Bank Plc $ 6,225,000 

Natixis Securities Americas LLC $ 6,225,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $ 6,225,000 

Ares Management Capital Markets LLC $ 43,775,000 

ING Financial Markets LLC $ 2,875,000 

R. Seelaus & Co., LLC $ 2,875,000 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. $ 1,350,000 

Comerica Securities, Inc. $ 1,350,000 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $ 1,350,000 

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. $ 1,350,000 

Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc. $ 1,350,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. $ 1,350,000 

Loop Capital Markets LLC $ 1,350,000 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC $ 1,350,000 

Total $ 1,000,000,000 

Schedule A

SCHEDULE B

1. New Issue Bloomberg filed with the Commission on January 2, 2025 pursuant to Rule 497(a) (as
a Rule 482ad).

2. Guidance Bloomberg filed with the Commission on January 2, 2025 pursuant to Rule 497(a) (as
a Rule 482ad).

3. Launch Bloomberg filed with the Commission on January 2, 2025 pursuant to Rule 497(a) (as
a Rule 482ad).

4. The Pricing Term Sheet, dated January 2, 2025, filed with the Commission on January 2, 2025 pursuant to Rule 433 (as
a free writing prospectus).

Schedule B

SCHEDULE C

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES

1. ACAS, LLC - DE

2. ALLIED CRESCENT EQUITY, LLC - DE

3. ARCC APEX SPV, LLC DE

4. ARCC API CORP. - DE

5. ARCC BEACON LLC - DE

6. ARCC BLOCKER CORP. - DE

7. ARCC BLOCKER II LLC - DE

8. ARCC BLOCKER IV LLC - DE

9. ARCC BLOCKER V LLC - DE

10. ARCC BLOCKER VI LLC - DE

11. ARCC BLOCKER VII LLC - DE

12. ARCC BLOCKER VIII LLC - DE

13. ARCC ED CORP. - DE

14. ARCC FIN LLC - DE

15. ARCC FB FUNDING LLC - DE

16. ARCC FD CORP. - DE

17. ARCC FGP LLC - DE

18. ARCC GG HOLDINGS - DE

19. ARCC GREEN ENERGY PARTNERS BLOCKER LLC - DE

20. ARCC HEELSTONE LLC - DE

21. ARCC KPS CORP. - DE

22. ARCC LSQ LLC - DE

23. ARCC MBU HOLDINGS LLC - DE

24. ARCC MH LLC - DE

25. ARCC NV1 CORP. - DE

26. ARCC NV2 CORP. - DE

27. ARCC OTG CORP. - DE

28. ARCC OTG PREFERRED CORP. - DE

29. ARCC PCGI III AIV BLOCKER, INC. - DE

30. ARCC PCP GP, LLC - DE

31. ARCC PCP L.P. - CAYMAN ISLANDS

32. ARCC PH CORP. - DE

33. ARCC PJMB LLC - DE

34. ARCC RB LLC - DE

35. ARCC RT LLC - DE

36. ARCC S2 LLC (F/K/A AC POSTLE, LLC) - DE

37. ARCC SHC LLC - DE

38. ARCC SK BLOCKER CORP. - DE

39. ARCC TM CORP. - DE

40. ARCC ULTIMUS LLC - DE

41. ARCC UNIVERSAL CORP. - DE

42. ARES DIRECT LENDING CLO 1 LLC - DE

Schedule C

43. ARES DIRECT LENDING CLO 4 LLC - DE

44. ARES CAPITAL CP FUNDING HOLDINGS LLC - DE

45. ARES CAPITAL CP FUNDING LLC - DE

46. ARES CAPITAL JB FUNDING LLC - DE

47. ASCLEPIUS INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS LLC - DE

48. ASCLEPIUS HOLDINGS LLC - DE

49. BW LANDCO LLC - DE

50. EUROPEAN CAPITAL LIMITED - Guernsey

51. GEDC EQUITY, LLC - DE

52. HCI EQUITY, LLC - IL

53. IVY HILL ASSET MANAGEMENT GP, LLC - DE

54. MULTIAD EQUITY CORP. - DE

55. POTOMAC ENERGY CENTER, LLC - VA

56. POTOMAC INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS II LLC - DE

57. POTOMAC INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS III LLC - DE

58. S2 EQUITY CORP. - DE

59. STARTEC EQUITY, LLC - DE

60. SVP HOLDINGS GP LLC - DE

Schedule C

SCHEDULE D

MARKETING MATERIALS

None.

Schedule D
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

Execution
Version

SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

between

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

Dated as of January 8, 2025

SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

THIS SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Second
Supplemental Indenture), dated as of January 8, 2025, is between Ares Capital Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Company),
and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). All capitalized terms used herein shall have
the meaning set forth in the Base Indenture (as defined below) unless otherwise defined herein.

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

The Company and the Trustee executed and delivered
an Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2024 (the Base Indenture and, as supplemented by this Second Supplemental Indenture,
together, the Indenture), to provide for the issuance by the Company from time to time of the Companys unsecured
debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in
the Indenture.

The Company desires to issue and sell $1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.800% Notes due 2032 (the Notes).

Sections 9.01(v) and 9.01(vii) of the
Base Indenture provide that without the consent of Holders of the Securities of any series issued under the Indenture, the Company and
the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture to (i) change
or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture when there is no Security Outstanding of any series created prior to the execution
of a supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and (ii) establish the form or terms of Securities
of any series as permitted by Section 2.01 and Section 3.01 of the Base Indenture or authorize the issuance of additional Securities
of a series previously authorized or to add to the conditions, limitations or restrictions on the authorized amount, terms or purposes
of issue, authentication or delivery of the Securities of any series as set forth in the Base Indenture or other conditions, limitations
or restrictions thereafter to be observed.

The Company desires to establish the form and terms
of the Notes and to modify, alter, supplement and change certain provisions of the Base Indenture for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes (except as may be provided in a future supplemental indenture to the Indenture (Future Supplemental Indenture)).

The Company has duly authorized the execution and
delivery of this Second Supplemental Indenture to provide for the issuance of the Notes and all acts and things necessary to make this
Second Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding, and legal obligation of the Company and to constitute a valid agreement of the Company,
in accordance with its terms, have been done and performed.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

For and in consideration of the premises and the
purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes,
as follows:

ARTICLE ONE

TERMS OF THE NOTES

Section 1.01.Terms
of the Notes. The following terms relating to the Notes are hereby established:

(a) The
Notes shall constitute a series of Securities having the title 5.800% Notes due 2032 and shall be designated as Senior
Securities under the Indenture. The Notes shall bear a CUSIP number of 04010L BH5 and an ISIN number of US04010LBH50.

(b)The
aggregate principal amount of the Notes that may be initially authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (except for Notes authenticated
and delivered upon registration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06,
9.06 or 11.07 of the Base Indenture) shall be $1,000,000,000. Under a Board Resolution, Officers Certificate pursuant to Board
Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Notes, issue additional
Notes (in any such case Additional Notes) having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity, CUSIP number and
other terms as the Notes; provided that such Additional Notes must be part of the same issue as the Notes for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Any Additional Notes and the existing Notes will constitute a single series under the Indenture and all references to the
relevant Notes herein shall include the Additional Notes unless the context otherwise requires.

(c)The
entire Outstanding principal amount of the Notes shall be payable on March 8, 2032, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased in accordance
with the provisions of this Second Supplemental Indenture.

(d)The
rate at which the Notes shall bear interest shall be 5.800% per annum (the Applicable Interest Rate). The date from which
interest shall accrue on the Notes shall be January 8, 2025, or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been
paid or provided for; the Interest Payment Dates for the Notes shall be March 8 and September 8 of each year, commencing September 8,
2025 (if an Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the applicable interest payment will be made on the
next succeeding Business Day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment); the initial interest period
will be the period from and including January 8, 2025 (or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or
provided for), to, but excluding, the initial Interest Payment Date, and the subsequent interest periods will be the periods from and
including an Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date or the Stated Maturity, as the case may be; the interest
so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date, will be paid to the Person in whose name the Note
(or one or more predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall
be March 1 or September 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately preceding such Interest Payment
Date. Payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on the Notes will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the
Trustee in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private
debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made by (i) check mailed to the address of
the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register or (ii) transfer to an account maintained by the
payee located in the United States. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

2

(e)The
Notes shall be initially issuable in global form (each such Note, a Global Note and together, the Global Notes).
The Global Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication thereon shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
to this Second Supplemental Indenture. Each Global Note shall represent the Outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and each shall
provide that it shall represent the aggregate amount of Outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate amount
of Outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions.
Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of Outstanding Notes represented thereby
shall be made by the Trustee or the Security Registrar, in accordance with Sections 2.03 and 3.05 of the Base Indenture.

(f)The
depositary for such Global Notes shall be the Depositary. The Security Registrar with respect to the Global Notes shall be the Trustee.

(g)The
Notes shall be defeasible pursuant to Section 14.02 or Section 14.03 of the Base Indenture. Covenant defeasance contained in
Section 14.03 of the Base Indenture shall apply to the covenants contained in Sections 10.07 and 10.08 of the Base Indenture.

(h)The
Notes shall be redeemable pursuant to Section 11.01 of the Base Indenture and as follows:

(i)Prior
to January 8, 2032 (two months prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes
at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price calculated by the Company (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the
sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed discounted to the
Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, and

(2) 100% of
the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed.

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to the Redemption Date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

Treasury Rate means, with respect
to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

3

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there
is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of
days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining
Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date.

If on the third business day preceding the Redemption
Date H.15 or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the
rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding
such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as
applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury
securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with
a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States
Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States
Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the
terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average
of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury
security, and rounded to three decimal places.

The Companys actions and determinations
in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no
obligation to determine the Treasury Rate or the Redemption Price, and shall be entitled to rely upon the determination thereof by the
Company.

(i)Notice
of redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys procedures)
at least 10 calendar days by not more than 60 calendar days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed, at the
Holders address appearing in the Security Register. All notices of redemption shall contain the information set forth in Section 11.04
of the Base Indenture and may be given subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent as described in Section 11.04
of the Base Indenture.

4

(ii) Any
exercise of the Companys option to redeem the Notes will be done in compliance with the Investment Company Act, to the extent
applicable.

(iii)If
the Company elects to redeem only a portion of the Notes, the particular Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the
applicable procedures of the Trustee and, so long as the Notes are registered to the Depositary or its nominee, the Depositary; provided,
however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount of a Note not redeemed to less than $2,000.

(iv)Unless
the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes
called for redemption hereunder.

(j)The
Notes shall not be subject to any sinking fund pursuant to Section 12.01 of the Base Indenture.

(k)The
Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

(l)Holders
of the Notes will not have the option to have the Notes repaid prior to the Stated Maturity other than in accordance with Article Thirteen
of the Base Indenture.

ARTICLE TWO

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 2.01.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article One of the Base Indenture shall be amended by adding the
following defined terms to Section 1.01 in appropriate alphabetical sequence, as follows:

Below Investment Grade Rating Event
means the Notes are downgraded below Investment Grade by all three Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an
arrangement that results in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a Change
of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade
by any of the Rating Agencies); provided that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular
reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a
Below Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies
making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee
in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising
as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred
at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event).

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation) in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company and its Controlled Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (as
those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than to any Permitted Holders; provided that, for
the avoidance of doubt, a pledge of assets pursuant to any secured debt instrument of the Company or its Controlled Subsidiaries shall
not be deemed to be any such sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or disposition;

5

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including,
without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person or group (as those
terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than any Permitted Holders) becomes the "beneficial owner"
(as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding Voting
Stock of the Company, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; or

(3) the approval by the Companys stockholders
of any plan or proposal relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

Change of Control Repurchase Event
means the occurrence of a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

Fitch means Fitch, Inc.,
also known as Fitch Ratings, or any successor thereto.

"Investment Grade" means a rating
of BBB or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch), Baa3 or better by Moody's (or its
equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moody's) and BBB or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor
rating categories of S&P) (or, in each case, if such Rating Agency ceases to rate the Notes for reasons outside of the Companys
control, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any Rating Agency selected by the Company as a replacement Rating Agency).

Moodys means Moodys
Investor Services, Inc., or any successor thereof.

Permitted Holders means (i) the
Company, (ii) one or more of the Companys Controlled Subsidiaries and (iii) Ares Capital Management LLC or any Affiliate
of Ares Capital Management LLC that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America and in the business
of managing or advising clients.

Rating Agency means (1) each
of Fitch, Moodys and S&P; and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make
a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical
rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company as a replacement agency for
Fitch, Moodys and/or S&P, as the case may be.

S&P means Standard &
Poor's Ratings Services, a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc., or any successor thereto.

Significant Subsidiary means
any Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under
the Exchange Act, as such regulation is in effect on the date of this Indenture (but excluding any Subsidiary which is (a) a non-recourse
or limited recourse Subsidiary, (b) a bankruptcy remote special purpose vehicle or (c) is not consolidated with the Company
for purposes of GAAP).

Voting Stock as applied to
stock of any Person, means shares, interests, participations or other equivalents in the equity interest (however designated) in such
Person having ordinary voting power for the election of a majority of the directors (or the equivalent) of such Person, other than shares,
interests, participations or other equivalents having such power only by reason of the occurrence of a contingency.

6

ARTICLE THREE

THE SECURITIES

Section 3.01.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 3.05 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by removing the
second to last paragraph thereof.

ARTICLE FOUR

REMEDIES

Section 4.01.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing
clause (ii) thereof with the following:

(ii)default
in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Note when it becomes due and payable at its Maturity, including upon
any Redemption Date or required repurchase date; or

Section 4.02.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing
clause (iii) thereof with the following:

(iii)default
in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, when and as due by the terms of any Notes, and continuance of such default for a period of
5 days; or

Section 4.03.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing
(iv) thereof with the following:

(iv) the Companys failure for 60 consecutive calendar days after written notice from the Trustee or
the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding has been received to comply with any of the Companys
other agreements contained in the Notes or this Indenture;

Section 4.04.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by adding the
following language as clause (ix):

(ix): default by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, with respect to any mortgage, agreement
or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed
in excess of $100 million in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists
or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting
a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such debt when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon
declaration of acceleration or otherwise, unless, in either case, such indebtedness is discharged, or such acceleration is rescinded,
stayed or annulled, within a period of 30 calendar days after written notice of such failure is given to the Company by the Trustee or
to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding.

7

Section 4.05.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by removing the
final paragraph thereof.

Section 4.06.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.02 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing
the first paragraph of Section 5.02 with the following:

If an Event of Default with respect
to the Notes occurs and is continuing, then and in every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(v) or
5.01(vi)), the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may declare the principal of all
the Outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders),
and upon any such declaration such principal shall become immediately due and payable; provided that 100% of the principal of,
and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes will automatically become due and payable in the case of an Event of Default specified in
Section 5.01(v) or 5.01(vi) hereof.

Section 4.07.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.02 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by removing the
third, fourth, fifth and sixth paragraphs thereof.

Section 4.08.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 5.02 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by removing the
last sentence of the seventh paragraph thereof.

ARTICLE FIVE

REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

Section 5.01.Except
as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under
the Indenture, whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 11.04 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing
the third paragraph thereof with the following:

Any notice of redemption may, in the Companys
discretion, be given subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a corporate
transaction that is pending (such as an equity or equity-linked offering, an incurrence of indebtedness or an acquisition or other strategic
transaction involving a change of control in us or another entity). In that case, such notice of redemption shall describe each such condition,
and, if applicable, shall state that, in the Companys discretion, (i) the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time (including
by more than 60 calendar days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or (ii) such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event
that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Company by the relevant Redemption Date, or by the Redemption
Date as so delayed. In addition, the Company may provide in such notice that payment of the Redemption Price and performance of the Companys
obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person.

8

ARTICLE SIX

OFFER TO REPURCHASE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE EVENT

Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental
Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now or hereafter
issued and Outstanding, Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing Sections 13.01 to 13.05 with the following:

Section 13.01Change
of Control.

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs,
unless the Company shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes in full, the Company shall make an offer to each Holder of the Notes
to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders
Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest
on the Notes repurchased to the date of purchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the Companys
option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Company will mail a notice to
each Holder describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering
to repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days
from the date such notice is mailed. The notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that
the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in
the notice. The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and
regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result
of a Change of Control Repurchase Event.

To the extent that the provisions of any securities
laws or regulations conflict with this Section 13.01, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations
and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 13.01 by virtue of such conflict.

On the Change of Control Repurchase Event payment
date, subject to extension if necessary to comply with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the Company shall, to the extent
lawful:

(1)accept
for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to its offer;

(2)deposit
with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered;
and

(3)deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of Notes being purchased by the Company.

The Paying Agent will promptly remit to each Holder
of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred
by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided
that each new Note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

9

If any Repayment Date upon a Change of Control
Repurchase Event falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the required payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day
and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment.

The Company will not be required to make an offer
to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes an offer in respect of the Notes in the manner,
at the time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes
properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.

ARTICLE SEVEN

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.01.This
Second Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would cause the application of laws of another jurisdiction. This Second Supplemental Indenture
is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of the Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable,
be governed by such provisions. If any provision of the Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by Section 318(c) of
the Trust Indenture Act, the imposed duties will control.

Section 7.02.In
case any provision in this Second Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 7.03.This
Second Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be an original, but such counterparts
will together constitute but one and the same Second Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Second Supplemental Indenture
and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf transmission, email or other electronic means shall constitute effective execution and
delivery of this Second Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, .pdf transmission,
email or other electronic means shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution, signed,
signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Indenture or any document to be signed
in connection with this Second Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed to include electronic signatures (including, without limitation,
any .pdf file, .jpeg file or any other electronic or image file, or any other electronic signature as defined under ESRA,
including Orbit, Adobe Fill & Sign, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Company and reasonably
available at no undue burden or expense to the Trustee), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

Section 7.04.The
Base Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Second Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the
Base Indenture and this Second Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument with respect to
the Notes. All provisions included in this Second Supplemental Indenture supersede any conflicting provisions included in the Base Indenture
with respect to the Notes, unless not permitted by law. The Trustee accepts the trusts created by the Indenture, as supplemented by this
Second Supplemental Indenture, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions of the Indenture, as supplemented by this
Second Supplemental Indenture.

10

Section 7.05.The
provisions of this Second Supplemental Indenture shall become effective as of the date hereof.

Section 7.06.Notwithstanding
anything else to the contrary herein, the terms and provisions of this Second Supplemental Indenture shall apply only to the Notes and
shall not apply to any other series of Securities under the Indenture and this Second Supplemental Indenture shall not and does not otherwise
affect, modify, alter, supplement or change the terms and provisions of any other series of Securities under the Indenture, whether now
or hereafter issued and Outstanding.

Section 7.07.The
recitals contained herein and in the Notes shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility
for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Second Supplemental Indenture, the
Notes or any Additional Notes, except that the Trustee represents that it is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Second Supplemental
Indenture, authenticate the Notes and any Additional Notes and perform its obligations hereunder. The Trustee shall not be accountable
for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or any Additional Notes or the proceeds thereof.

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Second Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

By: /s/ Scott C. Lem

Name: Scott C. Lem

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ Brandon Bonfig

Name: Brandon Bonfig

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Second Supplemental Indenture]

Exhibit A Form of Global
Note

This Security is a Global Note within the meaning
of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company or a nominee thereof. This Security
may not be exchanged in whole or in part for a Security registered, and no transfer of this Security in whole or in part may be registered,
in the name of any Person other than The Depository Trust Company or a nominee thereof, except in the limited circumstances described
in the Indenture.

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized
representative of The Depository Trust Company to the issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment and such certificate
issued in exchange for this certificate is registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other name as requested by an authorized
representative of The Depository Trust Company, any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any person is
wrongful, as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein.

Ares Capital Corporation

No. ___ $____________

CUSIP No. 04010L BH5

ISIN
No. US04010LBH50

5.800% Notes due 2032

Ares Capital Corporation, a corporation duly organized
and existing under the laws of Maryland (herein called the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum
of ________________ (U.S. $____________) on March 8, 2032, and to pay interest thereon from January 8, 2025, or from the most
recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on March 8 and September 8
in each year, commencing September 8, 2025, at the rate of 5.800% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available
for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such
Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such
interest, which shall be March 1 or September 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately preceding such
Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder
on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on
a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders
of Securities of this series not less than 10 calendar days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful
manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon
such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. This Security may be issued as part of
a series.

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee in such coin or currency of the United
States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however,
that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by (i) check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto
as such address shall appear in the Security Register or (ii) transfer to an account maintained by the payee located in the United
States.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon
has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit
under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be duly executed.

Dated: ___________

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

3

This is one of the Securities of the series designated
therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: ____________

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

4

Ares Capital Corporation

5.800% Notes due 2032

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue
of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of May 13, 2024 (herein called the Base Indenture, which term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such
instrument), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee,
which term includes any successor trustee under the Base Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Base Indenture for a statement
of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee, and the Holders of the
Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental
Indenture, relating to the Securities, dated as of January 8, 2025, by and between the Company and the Trustee (herein called the
Second Supplemental Indenture; and the Second Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture together are herein called the
Indenture). In the event of any conflict between the Base Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Second Supplemental
Indenture shall govern and control.

This Security is one of the series designated on
the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $____________. Under a Board Resolution, Officers Certificate
pursuant to Board Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Securities,
issue additional Securities of this series (in any such case Additional Securities) having the same ranking and the same
interest rate, maturity, CUSIP number and other terms as the Securities, provided that such Additional Securities must be part
of the same issue as the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any Additional Securities and the existing Securities will constitute
a single series under the Indenture and all references to the relevant Securities herein shall include the Additional Securities unless
the context otherwise requires. The aggregate amount of Outstanding Securities represented hereby may from time to time be reduced or
increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions.

Prior to January 8, 2032 (two months prior
to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Securities of this series at its option, in whole
or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three
decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the
sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Securities to be redeemed discounted to
the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount
of the Securities to be redeemed.

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to the Redemption Date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date.

5

Treasury Rate means, with respect
to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there
is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of
days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining
Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date.

If on the third business day preceding the Redemption
Date H.15 or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the
rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding
such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as
applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury
securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with
a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States
Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States
Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the
terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average
of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury
security, and rounded to three decimal places.

The Companys actions and determinations
in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no
obligation to determine the Treasury Rate or the Redemption Price, and shall be entitled to rely upon the determination thereof by the
Company.

Notice of redemption will be mailed or electronically
delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys procedures) at least 10 calendar days but not more than
60 calendar days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Securities to be redeemed, at the Holders address appearing in the
Security Register. All notices of redemption shall contain the information set forth in Section 11.04 of the Base Indenture and may
be given subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent as described in Section 11.04 of the Base Indenture.

6

Any exercise of the Companys option to redeem
the Securities will be done in compliance with the Investment Company Act, to the extent applicable.

If the Company elects to redeem only a portion
of the Securities, the particular Securities to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Trustee
and, so long as the Securities are registered to the Depositary or its nominee, the Depositary. In the event of redemption of this Security
in part only, a new Security or Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name
of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion
of the principal amount of a Security not redeemed to less than $2,000.

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption
Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Securities called for redemption.

Holders will have the right to require the Company
to repurchase their Securities upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event as set forth in the Indenture.

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance
at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Security,
in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture.

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities
of this series shall occur and be continuing (other than Events of Default related to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization,
as set forth in the Indenture), the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with
the effect provided in the Indenture. In the case of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization described in the Indenture,
100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities will automatically become due and payable.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions
as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders
of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the
Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture
also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time
Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of
the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security
shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration
of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security.

As provided in and subject to the provisions of
the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the
appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written
notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount
of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect
of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred
in compliance with such request, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities
of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding,
for sixty (60) calendar days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted
by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the
respective due dates expressed herein.

7

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision
of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay
the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security
for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on
this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and
the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities
of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated
transferee or transferees.

The Securities of this series are issuable only
in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the
Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal
amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering
the same.

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company or Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge
payable in connection therewith.

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration
of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is
registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any
such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

All terms used in this Security which are defined
in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

To the extent any provision of this Security conflicts
with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

The Indenture and this Security shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

January 8, 2025

Ares Capital Corporation

245 Park Avenue, 44th Floor

New York, New York 10167

Re: Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File
No. 333-279023)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have served as Maryland counsel to Ares Capital
Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Company), and a business development company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), in connection with certain matters of Maryland law arising out of the registration by the
Company of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.800% Notes due 2032 (the Notes), covered by
the above-referenced Registration Statement, and all amendments thereto (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the 1933 Act).

In connection with our representation of the Company,
and as a basis for the opinion hereinafter set forth, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction,
of the following documents (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Documents):

1. The Registration
Statement;

2. The Prospectus,
dated May 1, 2024, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, dated January 2, 2025, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 497 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the 1933 Act;

3. The charter
of the Company, certified by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the SDAT);

4. The Third
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, certified as of the date hereof by an officer of the Company;

5. A certificate
of the SDAT as to the good standing of the Company, dated as of a recent date;

Ares Capital Corporation

January 8, 2025

Page 2

6. Resolutions
adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, or by a duly authorized committee thereof, relating to, among other matters, the authorization
of the issuance of the Notes and the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Note Documents (as defined herein), certified
as of the date hereof by an officer of the Company;

7. The Base
Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2024 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee (the Trustee);

8. The Second
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 8, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture,
the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee;

9. The global
notes representing the Notes (the Global Notes and, together with the Indenture, the Note Documents);

10. A certificate
executed by an officer of the Company, dated as of the date hereof; and

11. Such
other documents and matters as we have deemed necessary or appropriate to express the opinion set forth below, subject to the assumptions,
limitations and qualifications stated herein.

In expressing the opinion set forth below, we have
assumed the following:

1. Each
individual executing any of the Documents, whether on behalf of such individual or any other person, is legally competent to do so.

2. Each
individual executing any of the Documents on behalf of a party (other than the Company) is duly authorized to do so.

3. Each
of the parties (other than the Company) executing any of the Documents has duly and validly executed and delivered each of the Documents
to which such party is a signatory, and such partys obligations set forth therein are legal, valid and binding and are enforceable
in accordance with all stated terms.

Ares Capital Corporation

January 8, 2025

Page 3

4. All Documents
submitted to us as originals are authentic. The form and content of all Documents submitted to us as unexecuted drafts do not differ in
any respect relevant to this opinion from the form and content of such Documents as executed and delivered. All Documents submitted to
us as certified or photostatic copies conform to the original documents. All signatures on all Documents are genuine. All public records
reviewed or relied upon by us or on our behalf are true and complete. All representations, warranties, statements and information contained
in the Documents are true and complete. There has been no oral or written modification of or amendment to any of the Documents, and there
has been no waiver of any provision of any of the Documents, by action or omission of the parties or otherwise.

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions,
limitations and qualifications stated herein, it is our opinion that:

1. The Company
is a corporation duly incorporated and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Maryland and is in good standing with
the SDAT.

2. The execution
and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Note Documents have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. The Notes have been duly authorized for issuance by the Company.

3. The Note
Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Company.

The foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the
State of Maryland and we do not express any opinion herein concerning federal law or the laws of any other state. We express no opinion
as to compliance with federal or state securities laws, including the securities laws of the State of Maryland, or the 1940 Act or as
to federal or state laws regarding fraudulent transfers or the laws, codes or regulations of any municipality or other local jurisdiction.
We note that the Note Documents are governed by the laws of the State of New York. To the extent that any matter as to which our opinion
is expressed herein would be governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Maryland, we do not express any opinion
on such matter. The opinion expressed herein is subject to the effect of judicial decisions which may permit the introduction of parol
evidence to modify the terms or the interpretation of agreements.

Ares Capital Corporation

January 8, 2025

Page 4

The opinion expressed herein is limited to the matters
specifically set forth herein and no other opinion shall be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated. We assume no obligation to supplement
this opinion if any applicable law changes after the date hereof or if we become aware of any fact that might change the opinion expressed
herein after the date hereof.

This opinion is being furnished to you for submission
to the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the issuance of the Notes (the Current
Report). Kirkland & Ellis LLP, counsel to the Company, may rely on this opinion in connection with any opinions to be delivered
by it in connection with the Notes. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Current Report and the said incorporation
by reference and to the use of the name of our firm therein. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of
persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the 1933 Act.

Very
truly yours,

/s/
Venable LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_ex5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

2049 Century Park East 

Los Angeles, CA 90067 

United States 

Facsimile:

+1 310 552 4200 +1 310 552 5900

www.kirkland.com 

January 8, 2025

Ares Capital Corporation

245 Park Avenue, 44th Floor

New York, New York 10167

Re: Ares Capital Corporation 5.800%
Notes due 2032

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We
are issuing this opinion letter in our capacity as special counsel to Ares Capital Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Company),
in connection with the issuance of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.800% notes due 2032 (the Notes)
pursuant to the registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-279023) (the Registration Statement),
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), on May 1, 2024 and the final prospectus supplement, dated January 2, 2025 (including
the base prospectus filed therewith, the Prospectus Supplement) filed with the Commission on January 3, 2025
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act.

The
Notes are to be issued pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture dated May 13, 2024 (the Indenture), between
the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (together with any successors or assigns, the Trustee),
as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated January 8, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Second
Supplemental Indenture, and, together with the Indenture, the 5.800 % Notes Indenture).

As
such counsel, we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate
records and other instruments as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of this opinion, including (i) the Registration Statement,
(ii) the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the 5.800% Notes Indenture, (iv) a specimen form of the Notes, (v) the purchase
agreement related to the Notes, dated January 2, 2025, among the Company, the several underwriters party thereto and the other parties
named therein, and (vi) such corporate records of the Company, certificates of public officials, officers of the Company and other
persons, and such other documents, agreements and instruments as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed.

For
purposes of this opinion, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to the originals
of all documents submitted to us as copies and the authenticity of the originals of all such documents submitted to us as copies. We have
also assumed the genuineness of the signatures of persons signing all documents in connection with which this opinion is rendered, the
authority of such persons signing on behalf of the parties thereto, and the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents
by the parties thereto. As to any facts material to the opinions expressed herein that we have not independently established or verified,
we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company, public officials and others.

Our
opinion expressed below is subject to the qualifications that we express no opinion as to the applicability of, compliance with, or effect
of (i) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar law affecting
the enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) general principals of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law), concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and the discretion of the
court before which a proceeding is brought and (iii) public policy considerations that may limit the rights of parties to obtain
certain remedies.

Austin
Bay Area Beijing Boston Brussels Chicago Dallas Frankfurt Hong Kong Houston London Miami Munich New York Paris Riyadh
Salt Lake City Shanghai Washington, D.C.

Based
upon and subject to the foregoing qualifications, assumptions and limitations and the further limitations set forth below, we are of the
opinion that when (i) the 5.800% Notes Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the Company and the
Trustee, (ii) the final terms of the Notes are duly established and authorized for issuance by all necessary corporate action on
the part of the Company, (iii) the Notes have been duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with
the provisions of the 5.800% Notes Indenture, delivered to and paid for by the purchaser thereof pursuant to the documents governing their
issuance and sale and (iv) the terms of the Notes as established comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended, the Notes will be validly issued and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
the terms thereof and will be entitled to the benefits of the 5.800% Notes Indenture.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the issuance of the Notes.
We also consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7
of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Our
advice on every legal issue addressed in this letter is based exclusively on the internal law of the State of New York and represents
our opinion as to how that issue would be resolved were it to be considered by the highest court in the jurisdiction which enacted such
law. The manner in which any particular issue relating to the opinions would be treated in any actual court case would depend in part
on facts and circumstances particular to the case and would also depend on how the court involved chose to exercise the wide discretionary
authority generally available to it. None of the opinions or other advice contained in this letter considers or covers the laws of any
other jurisdiction, including any foreign or state securities (or blue sky) laws or regulations or the effect of any such
non-covered laws on the opinions stated herein.

This
opinion is limited to the specific issues addressed herein, and no opinion may be inferred or implied beyond that expressly stated herein.
This opinion speaks only as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to revise or supplement this opinion.

We
have also assumed that the execution and delivery of the 5.800% Notes Indenture and the Notes and the performance by the Company of its
obligations thereunder do not and will not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under any agreement or instrument to which the
Company is bound.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Kirkland & Ellis LLP

Kirkland & Ellis LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>arcc-20250108.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>arcc-20250108_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>arcc-20250108_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_ex5-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_ex5-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 814-00663

Entity Registrant Name ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001287750

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-1089684

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 245 Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 44th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10167

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 750-7300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol ARCC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://arescapitalcorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

arcc-20250108.xsd 
arcc-20250108_lab.xml 
arcc-20250108_pre.xml 
tm252148d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-002067-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm252148d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001287750 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001287750 
8-K 
2025-01-08 
ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION 
MD 
814-00663 
33-1089684 
245 Park Avenue 
44th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10167 
212 
750-7300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.001 par value 
ARCC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>