<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009645.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009645.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310090011
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009645
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JFB Construction Holdings
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002024306
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL BUILDING CONTRACTORS - NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [1540]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				992549040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42538
		FILM NUMBER:		25722343

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 S. DIXIE HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LANTANA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33462
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5615829840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 S. DIXIE HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			LANTANA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33462
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202430600020243062025-03-052025-03-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 5, 2025

JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-42538 99-2549040

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.
R. S. Employer

of
incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

1300
S. Dixie Highway, Suite B

Lantana,
FL33462

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

561-582-9840

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value JFB The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 5, 2025, JFB Construction Holdings, a Nevada corporation (the Company), executed an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, as the representative of the underwriters (the Representative),
in connection with the Companys initial public offering (the Offering) of
1,250,000 units (Units), each Unit comprised of one its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
and one warrant (the Warrants) to purchase one share of Common Stock, at an combined public offering price of $4.125 per
Unit. In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Representative a 45-day option to purchase up to 187,500
additional Units, or securities underlying the Units, to cover over-allotments in connection with the Offering. The Warrants are exercisable
immediately, have an exercise price equal to $5.50 (133% of the public offering price per unit), and expire five years after the date
of issuance.

The
Units were offered and sold to the public pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283106), originally
filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), on November 8, 2024, as amended, which became effective on February 14, 2025. The Company received
gross proceeds of approximately $5.16 million from the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of seven and
one-half percent (7.5%) of the gross proceeds and Offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for
business expansion, equipment purchases, strategic investments, personnel recruitment, and general working capital.

In
connection with the Offering, the Common Stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2025 under the symbol JFB.

The
Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants by the Company. It also provides for customary indemnification
by each of the Company and the underwriters for losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the Offering, including for liabilities
under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Companys
executive officers and directors entered into lock-up agreements in substantially the form included as an exhibit to the Underwriting
Agreement, providing for a six-month lock-up period with respect to sales of Common Stock, subject to certain exceptions.
The Company also agreed, subject to certain exceptions, that the Company will not issue or enter into any agreement to issue Common Stock
for a period of eighteen months without the prior consent of the Representative.

Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company also agreed to issue to the Representative unit purchase options (the Representatives
Purchase Options) to purchase Units equal to 10% of the number of Units sold in the offering (including Units sold to cover over-allotments,
if any), which will expire five years from the date of this prospectus and have an exercise price equal to 125% of the offering price
of the Units sold in this offering. The Representatives Units are subject to a lock-up for 180 days from the commencement of sales
in the Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e).

The
foregoing descriptions of the Underwriting Agreement, the Warrants, Representatives Purchase
Options, and the warrants underlying the Representatives Units (the Representatives
Warrants) do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, the full text
of the forms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Warrants, the Representatives Purchase Options,
and the Representatives Warrants, respectively, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3, respectively, to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

A
final prospectus relating to the Offering has been filed with the SEC on March 7, 2025. Electronic copies of the final prospectus may
be obtained on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov and may also be obtained by emailing lciervo@kingswoodus.com or by calling
561-961-0505 or by standard mail to Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, 7280 W Palmetto Park Rd., Suite 301, Boca Raton, FL 33433.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On
March 5, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering and, on March 7, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release announcing the pricing of the Offering is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and copy of the press release announcing the closing of the Offering
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibit

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement

4.1 Form of Warrants

4.2 Form of Unit Purchase Option

4.3 Form of Representatives Warrants

99.1 Press Release dated March 5, 2025

99.2 Press Release dated March 7, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS

Date:
March 10, 2025 By: /s/
Joseph F. Basile, III 

Joseph
F. Basile, III

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

_______ __, 2025

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

7280 W. Palmetto Park Rd.

Suite 301 

Boca Raton, FL 33433

As Representative of the Underwriters named on Annex A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned,
JFB Construction Holdings., a Nevada corporation (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement)
with the several underwriters named herein (the Underwriters and each an Underwriter), for
whom Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC is acting as lead managing underwriter, bookrunner and representative (in such capacity, the Representative,
and if there are no underwriters other than the Representative, the term Representative as used herein shall have the same meaning as
Underwriter) to issue and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of 1,250,000 immediately detachable units of the Company (Units)
to be sold by the Company (the Firm Securities). Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (Share), and one warrant of the Company (Warrant), where each Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one Share for an exercise price of $5.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Warrant,. The Company
has also granted to the Representative an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase up to 187,500 additional
Units (the Option Units), or up to 187,500 Shares (the Option Shares) and up to 187,500 Warrants (the Option
Warrants, and collectively with the Option Units and Options Shares, the Option Securities) from the Company, on
the terms and for the purposes set forth in Section 1(b) hereof. The Firm Securities and any Option Securities purchased pursuant to
this Agreement are herein collectively called the Securities. The offering and sale of the Securities contemplated
by this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein is referred to herein as the Offering.

(1) Purchase of Securities;
Consideration.

a. Firm Securities.
On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 1,250,000 Company Firm Securities at a purchase
price equal to the public offering price net of an underwriting discount equal to seven and a half percent (7.5%) of the public offering
price of the Securities being offered (the Underwriting Fee), or $3.816 per Unit (the Per Unit Purchase
Price).

b. Option
Securities. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, the Company hereby grants to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, the Over-Allotment Option to purchase
all or any portion of the Option Securities , with the Options Units at the Per Unit Purchase Price, Option Shares at a price of
$3.815 per Option Share (the Per Share Price), and/or Option Warrants at a price of $0.001 per Option Warrant (the
Per Warrant Price). The Over-Allotment Option granted hereunder may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time
and at any time within forty-five (45) days after the closing of this Offering upon notice (confirmed in writing) by the
Representative to the Company setting forth the aggregate number of Option Units, Option Shares, and/or Option Warrants as to which
the Underwriters are exercising the Over-Allotment Option and the date and time, as determined by the Representative, when the
Option Securities are to be delivered. In no event will the Option Securities be delivered earlier than the First Closing Date (as
defined below) or earlier than the first (1st) Business Day (as defined below) or later than the tenth (10th)
Business Day after the date on which the Over-Allotment Option shall have been exercised. The number of Option Securities to be
purchased by each Underwriter shall be the same percentage of the total number of Option Securities to be purchased by the
Underwriters as the number of Firm Securities to be purchased by such Underwriter is of the total number of Firm Securities to be
purchased by the Underwriters, as adjusted by the Representative in such manner as the Representative deems advisable to avoid
fractional securities. No Option Securities shall be sold and delivered unless the Firm Securities previously have been, or
simultaneously are, sold and delivered.

c. Commission
and Expenses. In consideration of the services to be provided hereunder, the Company shall pay the Representative or its respective
designees as set forth in Section 1(a) and, as applicable, Section 1(b). In addition, the Company shall reimburse the Representative for
certain non-accountable expenses and certain out-of-pocket accountable expenses, as set forth in Section 4(i), which out-of-pocket accountable
expense reimbursement shall be reduced by any Advances (as defined below) previously paid to the Representative. To the extent that the
Representatives incurred expenses are less than the Advances previously paid, the Representative shall return to the Company that
portion of the Advances not offset by out-of-pocket accountable expenses.

d. Representatives
Purchase Option. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the Closing Date
(as defined below) an option (the Representatives Purchase Option) to purchase an aggregate of 125,000 Units
(or 143,750 Units if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full) (the Representatives Units) for an aggregate
purchase price of $100.00. The Representatives Purchase Option shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on the Closing
Date, and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement, for cash or on a cashless basis, at an
initial exercise price per Representatives Unit of $5.1563, which is equal to one hundred and twenty-five percent (125%) of the
initial public offering price of a Unit. Each Representatives Unit consists of one Share, and one warrant (the Representatives
Warrants) of the Company, where each Representatives Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Share for an exercise
price of $5.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein. The Representatives Purchase Option, the Representatives
Units, the Representatives Warrants, the Shares included in the Representatives Units and the Shares issuable pursuant to
the terms of the Representatives Warrants are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Representatives Securities.
The Representative understands and agrees that there are significant restrictions against transferring the Representatives Purchase
Option during the 180 from after the commencement of sales of the offering, as set forth in Section 3 of the Representatives Purchase Option. 

2

(2) Delivery of and Payment for
Securities. Delivery of and payment for the Firm Securities shall be made at 10:00 A.M., Eastern time, on ______ __, 2025 or at
such other time as shall be agreed upon in writing by the Representative and the Company, and, with respect to the Option Securities,
10:00 A.M., Eastern time, on the date specified by the Representative in the written notice given by the Representative of the Underwriters
election to purchase such Option Securities, or at such other time as shall be agreed upon in writing by the Representative and the Company.
The hour and date of delivery of and payment for the Firm Securities is called the First Closing Date, and each time
and date for delivery of the Option Securities, if not the First Closing Date, is called an Option Closing Date,
and each such closing of the payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of the Firm Securities or Option Securities, as applicable,
is referred to herein as a Closing and the date of each such Closing, a Closing Date. Each Closing
shall be at the offices of the Representative or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, and
each Closing may be undertaken by remote electronic exchange of Closing documentation. Payment for the Firm Securities and Option Securities,
as applicable, shall be made on the applicable Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds to the Company upon delivery
by the Company to the Representative of the Firm Securities or Option Securities, as applicable, through the full fast transfer facilities
of the Depository Trust Company (the DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Securities and Option Securities
shall be registered in such names and in such denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) Business Day
prior to the applicable Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Securities or Option Securities to
be purchased on such Closing Date except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all such Firm Securities or Option Securities,
as applicable.

(3) Representations and Warranties
of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, each of the Underwriters that, as of the date hereof
and as of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date (as if made at such Closing Date):

a. Filing
of Registration Statement. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement, and an amendment or amendments
thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 283106), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments
thereto have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act. Except as the context may otherwise
require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became effective
(including the Preliminary Prospectus included in the registration statement, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other
documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant
to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A of the Securities Act (the Rule 430A Information)) is referred to herein as the Registration
Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act after filing the Registration
Statement, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant
to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission on _______ __, 2025.

3

Each prospectus
used prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information that was used
after such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary Prospectus.
The Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion and filed with the Commission on _______ __, 2025, that was included in the Registration
Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below) is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus.
The final prospectus in the form first furnished to the Underwriters for use in the Offering is hereinafter called the Prospectus.
Any reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included
in the Registration Statement.

For purposes of
this Agreement:

Applicable
Time means ____ p.m., Eastern Time, on _______.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorized
or obligated by law, to close in the State of New York; provided, however, for clarification, banking institutions and trust
companies shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of banking institutions
in the State of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Effective
Date means each date and time that the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto became
or becomes effective.

Execution
Time means the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties to this Agreement.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities
Act (Rule 433), including any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) relating to the Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a
written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii)
exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or of the Offering
that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required
to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Marketing
Materials means written roadshow materials prepared by or on behalf of the Company and used or referred to by the Company or
with the Companys express consent.

Pricing
Disclosure Package means the Pricing Prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses set forth on Schedule II and
the information included on Schedule I hereto, all considered together.

Registration
Statement means the registration statement referred to in Section 3.1(a) hereof, including all exhibits and financial statements
and any prospectus supplement relating to the Securities that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and deemed part of
such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430A, as amended, on each Effective Date and, in the event any post-effective amendment thereto
becomes effective prior to the First Closing Date, shall also mean such registration statement as so amended.

4

Rule
158, Rule 164, Rule 172, Rule 405, Rule 415,
Rule 424, Rule 430A, Rule 430B and Rule 433 refer
to such rules under the Securities Act.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means any day on which the Exchange is open for trading.

b. Disclosures
in Registration Statement.

i. The Registration
Statement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, all post-effective amendments thereto), at the time it became effective, complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus filed as part of the Registration
Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the
Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the
Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies
thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR),
except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T;

ii. Neither the
Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at the time each became effective pursuant to the Securities Act, as of the date of
this Agreement, at the First Closing Date or at each Option Closing Date, contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements
omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Representative with
respect to the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Representative
consists solely of (i) the names of the Underwriters appearing in the Prospectus; and (ii) the information set forth in the sub-sections
of the Prospectus titled Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Securities, Price Stabilization, Short Positions
and Penalty Bids, Passive Market Marketing, Potential Conflicts of Interest, Offer Restrictions
Outside the United States, and Other Relationships under the caption Underwriting in the Prospectus
(the Underwriter Information);

iii. The Pricing
Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, as of the date of this Agreement, as of the First Closing Date and as of each Option Closing
Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact and did not, does not and will not omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriter Information.
Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus,
the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the Pricing
Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however,
that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriter Information; and

5

iv. Neither the
Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto, as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b), or at the First Closing Date or each Option Closing Date, as applicable, included, includes or will include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty
shall not apply to the Underwriter Information.

c. Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein, and there are no agreements or other documents required
by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or required to
be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed in accordance with the
Securities Act. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which any of the Company or its Subsidiaries
(as defined below) is a party, or by which any of them is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or (ii) that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, is in full force and effect in all material
respects, and is enforceable against the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties
thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar
laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited
under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefrom may be brought.
None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by any of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company or such Subsidiary,
as applicable, (nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party) is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge,
no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best
of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, of such agreements or instruments will not
result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental authority, agency
or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets or businesses,
including those relating to environmental laws and regulations, except to the extent that the violation would not result in a Material
Adverse Change (as defined below).

6

d. Good
Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the
State of Nevada, has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct
of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

e. Subsidiaries.
Each of the Companys direct and indirect subsidiaries (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries)
has been identified on Schedule III hereto. Each of the Subsidiaries has been duly incorporated, is validly existing as an entity
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own its property and
to conduct its business as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All of the outstanding equity interests of
each Subsidiary have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, are paid according
to the applicable laws and the organizational documents, are non-assessable, and are free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities
or claims. None of the outstanding share capital or equity interest in any Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or similar
rights of any security holder of such Subsidiary. All of the constitutive or organizational documents of each of the Subsidiaries comply
with the requirements of the applicable laws of each Subsidiarys jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and are in full
force and effect. Apart from the Subsidiaries, the Company has no direct or indirect subsidiaries or any other company over which it has
direct or indirect effective control. If the Company has no Subsidiaries, all references to Subsidiaries shall be disregarded.

f. [Reserved]

g. Prior
Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit
of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

h. Regulations.

i. The disclosures in the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the
Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects, and no other such regulations are required to
be disclosed pursuant to the Securities Act in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus which are
not so disclosed. 

ii. Except as
described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the issuance and sale of the Securities, the listing and trading of the
Securities on the Exchange (as defined below) and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Representatives
Purchase Option do not require the prior approval of any non-U.S. jurisdiction.

7

i. Absence
of Certain Events. Except as contemplated in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective
dates as of which information is given in the Pricing Disclosure Package, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred
any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions, or declared or paid any dividends
or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its share capital; and there has not been any change in the share capital (other
than a change in the number of outstanding capital stock of the Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise of outstanding
options or warrants or conversion of convertible securities), or any material change in the short-term or long-term debt (other than as
a result of the conversion of convertible securities of the Company), or any issuance of options, warrants, convertible securities or
other rights to purchase the share capital of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any material adverse change in the general affairs,
condition (financial or otherwise), business, prospects, management, properties, operations or results of operations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (Material Adverse Change), or any development which could reasonably be expected
to result in any Material Adverse Change.

j. Independent
Accountants. M&K CPAS, PLLC (the Auditor), which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial
statements and schedules filed as a part of the Registration Statement and included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, is (i) an independent public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act, (ii) a registered public
accounting firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (as amended, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act))
and (iii) not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As of the date hereof, to the knowledge
of the Company after due inquiry, the Auditor is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

k. Financial
Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and fairly
present the financial position and the results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods to
which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),
consistently applied throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end
audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting
schedules included in the Registration Statement present fairly the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein,
no historical or pro forma financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus under the Securities Act. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission),
if any, comply with Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations),
and other relationships of the Company and its Subsidiaries with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current
or future effect on the financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital
resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

8

l. Capitalization;
the Securities; Registration Rights. All of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company are duly authorized and validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable (which term non-assessable when used herein means that no further sums are required to be
paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof), have been issued in compliance with all applicable securities laws,
were not issued in violation of or subject to any preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for or purchase securities that have
not been waived in writing, and the holders thereof are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Securities
which may be sold hereunder by the Company have been duly authorized and, when issued, delivered and paid for in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, will have been validly issued and will be fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof will not be subject
to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and the share capital of the Company conforms to the description thereof in the
Registration Statement, in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus. The Representatives Units issuable upon exercise
of the Representatives Purchase Option are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Representatives
Purchase Option, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens imposed by the Company. The Company
has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Representatives
Purchase Option. Except as otherwise stated in the Registration Statement, in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus, (i)
there are no pre-emptive rights or other rights to subscribe for or to purchase, or any restriction upon the voting or transfer of, any
Units pursuant to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (as the same may be amended or restated
from time to time, the Organizational Documents) or any agreement or other instrument to which the Company is a party
or by which the Company is bound, (ii) neither the filing of the Registration Statement nor the offering or sale of the Securities as
contemplated by this Agreement gives rise to any rights for or relating to the registration of any Units or other securities of the Company
(collectively Registration Rights), and (iii) any person to whom the Company has granted Registration Rights has
agreed not to exercise such rights until after the date that is 180 days after the date of the Prospectus. The Company has an authorized
and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus under
the caption Capitalization. The Units (including the Securities) conform in all material respects to the description thereof
contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

m. Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. Each of this Agreement and the Representatives Purchase Option has been duly and validly
authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought.

n. No Conflicts,
etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Representatives Purchase Option,
the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated, and the compliance by the Company with the terms
hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach of,
or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination
or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of any of the Company and the Subsidiaries pursuant to the
terms of any agreement or instrument to which any of the Company or the Subsidiaries, as applicable, is a party; (ii) result in any violation
of the provisions of the Companys Organizational Documents; or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any governmental authority as of the date hereof, except in the case of (i) or (iii), such as would not result in a
Material Adverse Change.

9

o. No Defaults;
Violations. To the Companys knowledge, no default exists, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time
or both, would constitute a default, in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract,
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for
borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which any of the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of the
Company or its Subsidiaries may be bound or to which any of their respective properties or assets is subject. None of the Company or its
Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of any term or provision of its constitutive or organizational documents, or (ii) in violation of any
franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental authority, except, with respect to
clause (ii), such as would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

p. Corporate
Power; Licenses; Consents.

i. Conduct of Business.
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals,
orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof
to conduct its business as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

ii. Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Representatives Purchase
Option, and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required
in connection therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or
other body is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements
contemplated by this Agreement and as contemplated by the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable
federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

q. D&O
Information. All information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders described in the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is true and correct in all material respects, and the Company has not become aware of any information
which would cause such information to become materially inaccurate or incorrect.

10

r. Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. Except as set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus, and except for case number
2023CA013130, JFB Construction vs. Phyllis Small in the 15th Circuit Court of Florida, there is not pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened or contemplated, any action, suit or proceeding (i) to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or (ii)
which has as the subject thereof any officer or director of, or any employee benefit plan sponsored or any property or assets owned or
leased by, the Company or any Subsidiary before or by any court or governmental authority, or any arbitrator, which, individually or in
the aggregate, might result in any Material Adverse Change, or would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform
its obligations under this Agreement and the Representatives Purchase Option, or which are otherwise material in the context of
the sale of the Securities. There are no current or, to the knowledge of the Company, pending legal, governmental or regulatory actions,
suits or proceedings (x) to which the Company or any Subsidiary is subject or (y) which has as the subject thereof any officer or director
of, any employee plan sponsored by or any property or assets owned or leased by, the Company or any Subsidiary, that are required to be
described in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus and that have not been so described.

s. Insurance.
Except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries carries, or is covered
by, insurance from reputable insurers in such amounts and covering such risks as is adequate for the conduct of its business and the value
of its properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries; all policies of insurance and
any fidelity or surety bonds insuring any of the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers
and directors are in full force and effect; each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with the terms of such policies
and instruments in all material respects; there are no claims by any of the Company or its Subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument
as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause; none of the Company or its Subsidiaries
has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and none of the Company or its Subsidiaries has reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

t. Transactions
Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

i. Finders
Fees. Except as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements
or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, brokers, agents, consulting or origination fee by the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the
Company or any Subsidiary or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation,
as defined by FINRA.

ii. Payments
Within Twelve Months. Except as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries
has made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (A) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee
or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided
capital to the Company; (B) any FINRA member participating in the Offering as defined in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(15) (Participating
FINRA Member); or (C) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating
FINRA Member, within the twelve months prior to the Effective Date, other than the payment to the Underwriters as provided hereunder in
connection with the Offering.

11

iii. Use of
Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any Participating FINRA Member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein.

iv. FINRA
Affiliation. Except as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no affiliations or associations
between (A) any Participating FINRA Member and (B) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of
their respective officers, directors or 10% or greater security holders any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity
securities that were acquired at any time on or after the 180th day immediately preceding the date that the Registration Statement was
initially filed with the Commission.

v. Information.
All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to the Underwriters counsel specifically for use by the Underwriters
counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all
material respects.

u. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or their respective affiliates, nor any director or officer,
nor, to the Companys knowledge, any employee, agent or representative of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
affiliates, has (A) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to
political activity; (B) taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization or approval
of the payment or giving of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or indirectly, to any government official
(including any officer or employee of a government or government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization,
or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate
for political office) to influence official action or secure an improper advantage; or (C) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an
act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including any rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful or improper payment or benefit; and the Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective affiliates have conducted their businesses
in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintain and will continue to maintain policies and procedures
designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and with the representation and warranty contained herein.

v. Compliance
with OFAC.

i. None of the Company
or its Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer or employee thereof, nor, any agent, affiliate or representative
of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that
is:

A. the subject
of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
nor

12

B. located, organized
or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, Burma/Myanmar, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and
Syria).

ii. The Company
will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any
subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity:

A. to fund or
facilitate any activities or business of or with any individual or entity or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding
or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions; or

B. in any other
manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the
offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

iii. For the past
five (5) years, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries has knowingly engaged in, and is now knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions
with any individual or entity, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of
Sanctions.

w. Money
Laundering Laws. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective affiliates nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any of their respective officers, directors, supervisors, managers, agents, or employees, has violated, the Companys participation
in the Offering will not violate, and the Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed
to ensure continued compliance with, each of the following laws: (A) anti-bribery laws, including, but not limited to, any applicable
law, rule, or regulation of any locality, including, but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD
Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other law, rule or regulation of similar
purposes and scope or (B) anti-money laundering laws, including but not limited to, applicable federal, state, international, foreign
or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti- money laundering, including, Title 18 US. Code section 1956 and 1957,
the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group
or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States is a member and with which designation
the United States representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended, and any Executive order, directive,
or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder.

x. Lock-Up
Agreements. Schedule IV hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors and each
beneficial owner (5% or greater holder) of the Companys outstanding shares of securities (or securities convertible or exercisable
into shares of common stock of the Company) (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has caused each of the
Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Lock-Up
Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement. The Company will enforce the terms of each Lock-Up Agreement and issue
stop-transfer instructions to its transfer agent and registrar with respect to any transaction or contemplated transaction that would
constitute a breach of or default under the applicable Lock-Up Agreement. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of
the applicable Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall use best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.
If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions of any Lock-Up Agreement between an officer
or director of the Company and the Representative and provides the Company with notice of the impending release or waiver at least three
(3) Business Days before the effective date of such release or waiver, the Company agrees to announce the impending release or waiver
by means of a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, issued through a major news service, at least two (2)
Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

13

y. [Reserved]

z. Right
to Referrals. The Company agrees to refer to the Representative all investor leads and indications of interest from individuals,
corporations (or other similar entities strategic in nature or not), broker dealers and institutions resulting from the Offering.

aa. Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that have
not been described as required.

bb. Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. Except in each case as disclosed in the Registration Statement, in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus:

i. Disclosure
Controls. To the extent required, the Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
the Exchange Act) and such controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that material information relating to
the Company is made known to the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer. The Company has utilized such controls
and procedures in preparing and evaluating the disclosures in the Registration Statement, in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the
Prospectus.

ii. Compliance.
The Company is in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such
programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure its future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor)
with all of the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

iii. Accounting
Controls. To the extent required, the Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurances that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (B) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization; and (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, in the Pricing Disclosure
Package and in the Prospectus, the Companys internal control over financial reporting is effective and neither the Company nor
board of directors is aware of any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses (each as defined by the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board) in its internal control over financial reporting, or any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees of the Company who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls; and since
the end of the latest audited fiscal year, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether
or not remediated) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over
financial reporting. The Companys board of directors has, subject to the exceptions, cure periods and the phase-in periods specified
in the applicable rules of the Exchange (Exchange Rules), validly appointed members to an audit committee, the appointments
of which will become effective on the First Closing Date, to oversee internal accounting controls whose composition satisfies the applicable
requirements of the Exchange Rules and the Companys board of directors has adopted a charter that satisfies the requirements of
the Exchange Rules.

14

cc. Investment
Company Act. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will be, required to register as an investment company,
as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

dd. No Labor
Disputes. Except as disclosed to the Representative, no labor problem or dispute with the employees of any of the Company or its
Subsidiaries exists or is threatened or imminent, and the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees
of any of its or its Subsidiaries principal suppliers, contractors or customers, that could result in a Material Adverse Change.

ee. Intellectual
Property Rights. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, domain names, copyrights, licenses, inventions,
trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of its business as currently
carried on and as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. No action or use by any of the Company or its Subsidiaries
necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. None of
the Company or its Subsidiaries has received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property
Rights of others. Except as would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change, (A) to the knowledge of
the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned
by any of the Company or its Subsidiaries; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding
or claim by others challenging the rights of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and
the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate,
together with any other claims in this Section 3.1(ee), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual
Property Rights owned by each of the Company or its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights
licensed to any of the Company or its Subsidiaries have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable,
in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others
challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a
reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 3.1(ee),
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that any of the Company or its Subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates
any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim
and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the
aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 3.1(ee), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and
(E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries is in or has ever been in violation in any material
respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement,
non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation
relates to such employees employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed
with any of the Company or its Subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging
to any of the Company or its Subsidiaries which has not been patented has been kept confidential. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries
is a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or
entity that are required to be set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding
sentence. None of the technology employed by any of the Company or its Subsidiaries has been obtained or is being used by the Company
or its Subsidiaries in violation of any contractual obligation binding on any of the Company or its Subsidiaries (or, to the Companys
knowledge, binding on any of their respective officers, directors or employees) that is material to the Company or its Subsidiaries or
in violation of the material rights of any persons.

15

ff. Taxes.
Except as would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change, (A) each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as defined below) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof or
has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof and (B) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid all taxes (as defined
below) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against it. The provisions for taxes
payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued
and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. No
issues that are currently pending have been raised by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as
due from any of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of
taxes have been given by or requested from any of the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state,
local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease,
service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs,
duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax
or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other
documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

gg. ERISA
and Employee Benefits Matters. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries maintains any employee benefit plan within
the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, including any stock purchase, stock option,
stock-based severance, employment, change-in-control, medical, disability, fringe benefit, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, employee
loan and all other employee benefit plans, agreements, programs, policies or other arrangements, under which (i) any current or former
employee, director or independent contractor has any present or future right to benefits and which are contributed to, sponsored by or
maintained by any of the Company or its Subsidiaries or (ii) any of the Company or its Subsidiaries has had or has any present or future
obligation or liability.

hh. Compliance
with Laws. To the Companys knowledge and such that would not result in a Material Adverse Change, each of the Company and
its Subsidiaries holds, and is operating in compliance in all material respects with, all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,
permits, easements, consents, certificates and orders of any governmental authority or self-regulatory body required for the conduct of
its business and all such franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certifications and orders are valid
and in full force and effect; and none of the Company or its Subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any
such franchise, grant, authorization, license, permit, easement, consent, certification or order or has reason to believe that any such
franchise, grant, authorization, license, permit, easement, consent, certification or order will not be renewed in the ordinary course;
and each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign
laws, regulations, orders and decrees.

ii. Ownership
of Assets. Except as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the properties held under lease by any of
the Company or its Subsidiaries is held by it under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with only such exceptions with respect to
any particular lease as do not interfere in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
as applicable.

jj. Compliance
with Environmental Laws. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries is in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision or
order of any governmental authority or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic
substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively,
Environmental Laws), owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any Environmental
Laws, is liable for any off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or is subject to any claim relating to
or arising under any Environmental Laws, which violation, contamination, liability or claim would, individually or in the aggregate, result
in a Material Adverse Change; and none of the Company or its Subsidiaries is aware of any pending investigation which might lead to such
a claim. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries anticipates incurring any material capital expenditures relating to compliance with Environmental
Laws.

16

kk. Compliance
with Occupational Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) is in compliance, in all material respects, with any and
all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, treaties, statutes and codes promulgated by any and all governmental
authorities relating to the protection of human health and safety in the workplace (Occupational Laws); (ii) has
received all material permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Occupational Laws to conduct its business as
currently conducted; and (iii) is in compliance, in all material respects, with all terms and conditions of such permit, license or approval.
No action, proceeding, revocation proceeding, writ, injunction or claim is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against
any of the Company or its Subsidiaries relating to Occupational Laws, and the Company does not have knowledge of any facts, circumstances
or developments relating to its operations or cost accounting practices that could reasonably be expected to form the basis for or give
rise to such actions, suits, investigations or proceedings.

ll. Ineligible
Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another Offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act) of any of the Securities and at the date hereof, the
Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination by
the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

mm. Business
Arrangements. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries has granted rights to develop, manufacture, produce, assemble, distribute,
license, market or sell its products to any other person or is bound by any agreement that affects the exclusive right of any of the Company
or its Subsidiaries to develop, manufacture, produce, assemble, distribute, license, market or sell its products.

nn. Industry
Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are based
on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent the Companys
good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources. The Company has obtained all consents required for
the inclusion of such statistical and market-related data in each of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

oo. Forward-looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been
disclosed other than in good faith.

17

pp. Emerging
Growth Company. From the time of initial confidential submission of the Registration Statement with the Commission (or, if earlier,
the first date on which the Company engaged directly or through any person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the-Waters Communication
(as defined below)) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means
any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act.

qq. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. The Company (i) has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than Testing-the-Waters
Communications with the prior consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of
Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act
and (ii) has not authorized anyone other than the Underwriters to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms
that the Underwriters have been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not
distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications (as defined below) other than those listed on Schedule V hereto. Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning
of Rule 405 under the Securities Act. Any individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication did not and does not conflict with the information
contained in the Registration Statement or the Pricing Disclosure Package, complied and complies in all material respects with the Securities
Act, and when taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package as of the Applicable Time, did not and does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

rr. No Other
Offering Materials. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute any prospectus or other offering material in connection
with the Offering other than any Pricing Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or other materials permitted by
the Securities Act to be distributed by the Company; provided, however, that, except as set forth on Schedule II, the Company has
not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute a free writing prospectus, except in accordance
with the provisions of Section 4(m) of this Agreement and, except as set forth on Schedule II, the Company has not made and will
not make any communication relating to the Securities that would constitute a Testing-the-Waters Communication, except in accordance with
the provisions of Section 4(m) of this Agreement.

ss. Payments
of Dividends; Payments in Foreign Currency. Except as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (i) none
of the Company or its Subsidiaries is prohibited, directly or indirectly, from (A) paying any dividends or making any other distributions
on its share capital, (B) making or repaying any loan or advance to the Company or any other Subsidiary or (C) transferring any of its
properties or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary; and (ii) all dividends and other distributions declared and payable upon
the share capital of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (A) may be converted into foreign currency that may be freely transferred
out of such persons jurisdiction of incorporation, without the consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with,
any court or governmental agency or body in such persons jurisdiction of incorporation or tax residence, and (B) are not and will
not be subject to withholding, value added or other taxes under the currently effective laws and regulations of such persons jurisdiction
of incorporation, without the necessity of obtaining any consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations, clearances or qualifications
of or with any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over such person.

18

tt. [Reserved]

uu. Margin
Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of the Offering will be used,
directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness
which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Units to
be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

vv. Stock
Exchange Listing. The Securities have been approved for listing on the Exchange upon official notice of issuance and, on the Effective
Date, the Companys Registration Statement on Form 8-A or other applicable form under the Exchange Act, became effective.

ww. No Stop
Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any order
preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or, to
the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with each
request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

xx.
[Reserved]

yy.
[Reserved]

zz. [Reserved]

aaa. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to the
Underwriters counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered
thereby.

19

(4) Certain
Agreements of the Company. The Company agrees with the Underwriters as follows:

a. Required
Filings. The Company will prepare and file a Prospectus with the Commission containing the Rule 430A Information omitted from
the Preliminary Prospectus within the time period required by, and otherwise in accordance with the provisions of, Rules 424(b) and 430A
of the Securities Act. If the Company has elected to rely upon Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act to increase the size of the Offering
registered under the Securities Act and the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement has not yet been filed and become effective, the Company
will prepare and file the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement with the Commission within the time period required by, and otherwise in
accordance with the provisions of, Rule 462(b) and the Securities Act. The Company will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly
upon the Representatives request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the Representatives
reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters; and the Company
will furnish the Representative and its counsel a copy of any proposed amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus
and will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus to which the Representative shall reasonably
object by notice to the Company after having been furnished a copy a reasonable time prior to the filing.

b. Notification
of Certain Commission Actions. The Company will advise the Representative, promptly after the Company shall receive notice or
obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any such purpose; and the Company will promptly use its best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued.

c. Continued
Compliance with Securities Laws.

i. Within the time
during which a prospectus (assuming the absence of Rule 172) relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities
Act by the Underwriters or any dealer, the Company will comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time
to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities as contemplated by the provisions
hereof, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If during such period any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus
(or if the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, the Pricing Disclosure Package) would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing,
not misleading, or if during such period it is necessary to amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Prospectus (or if the Prospectus
is not yet available to prospective investors, the Pricing Disclosure Package) to comply with the Securities Act, the Company promptly
will (x) notify the Representative of such untrue statement or omission, (y) amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Prospectus
(or, if the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, the Pricing Disclosure Package) (at the expense of the Company)
so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance, and (z) notify the Representative when any amendment to the Registration
Statement is filed or becomes effective or when any supplement to the Prospectus (or, if the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective
purchasers, the Pricing Disclosure Package) is filed.

20

ii. If at any time
following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs an event
or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Written Testing-the-Waters Communication conflicted or would
conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus relating to the Securities,
or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company (x)
has promptly notified or promptly will notify the Representative of such conflict, untrue statement or omission, (y) has promptly amended
or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Written Testing-the-Waters Communication
to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission, and (z) has notified or promptly will notify the Representative when
such amendment or supplement was or is filed with the Commission to the extent required to be filed by the Securities Act.

d. Rule 158.
The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in no event later than sixteen (16) months
after the end of the Companys current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering a twelve (12)
month period beginning after the effective date of the Registration Statement (which, for purposes of this paragraph, will be deemed to
be the effective date of the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, if applicable) that shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of
the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have satisfied
the Companys requirements under this Section.

e. Furnishing
of Prospectuses. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters copies of the Registration Statement, including all exhibits, each
Preliminary Prospectus relating to the Securities, the Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents, in each case as
soon as available and in such quantities as the Underwriters reasonably requests. The Company will pay the expenses of printing and distributing
to the Underwriters all such documents.

f. Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company shall take or cause to be taken all necessary action to qualify the Securities for sale under
the securities laws of such domestic United States or foreign jurisdictions as the Underwriters may reasonably designate and to maintain
such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities, except that the Company shall not be
required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation or to execute a general consent to service of process in any state.

g. Provision
of Documents. The Company will furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and their counsel copies of the Registration Statement
(one of which will be signed and will include all consents and exhibits filed therewith), and to the Underwriters and any dealer each
Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and all amendments and supplements
to such documents, in each case as soon as available and in such quantities as the Underwriters may from time to time reasonably request.

h. Reporting
Requirements. The Company shall file on a timely basis with the Commission such periodic and special reports as required by the
Exchange Act.

21

i. Payment
of Expenses. The Company shall be responsible for and shall pay all expenses relating to the Offering, including: (i) all filing
fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities with the Commission and the filing of the offering materials
with FINRA and the listing of the Securities on the Exchange; (ii) all reasonable travel and lodging expenses incurred by the Representative
or its counsel in connection with visits to, and examinations of, the Company; (iii) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to
the registration or qualification of the Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions
as the Representative may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees
and disbursements of Representatives counsel); (iv) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents, agreement
among underwriters, selected dealers agreements, registration statements, prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits
thereto and as many Preliminary Prospectuses and Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (v) the costs of preparing,
printing and delivering certificates representing the Securities, if any, and the fees and expenses of the transfer agent for such Securities;
(vi) the reasonable cost of road show meetings, including all reasonable travel and lodging expenses incurred by the Representative; (vii)
all reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background checks of the Companys officers and directors; (viii) the
costs and expenses of the Companys public relations firm; (ix) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants, legal
counsel and other agents and representatives; (x) share transfer taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of the Securities from the Company
to the Underwriters; and (xi) the legal fees of Representatives counsel in connection with the purchase and sale of the Securities,
which shall be payable on the First Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Companys obligation
to pay accountable expenses of the Representative as set forth under items (ii), (vi) (with respect to the travel and expenses of the
Representative and its counsel for road show meetings only), (vii), and (xi) shall not exceed $150,000, including the costs associated
with tombstone or lucite advertisements. In addition, on each Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Representative
a non-accountable expense allowance in an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate gross proceeds (excluding proceeds from the exercise of
the Over-Allotment Option) at such Closing. In the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters
pursuant to Section 7 hereof. The Company has already paid an expense deposit of $40,000 to the Representative, upon the execution of
that certain Engagement Letter, dated February 20, 2024, by and between the Company and the Representative, for the Representatives
anticipated out-of-pocket expenses, which shall be considered as payment of accountable expenses to the Representative as set forth under
this Section; any expense deposits will be returned to the Company to the extent the Representatives accountable expenses are not
actually incurred in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

j. Use of
Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Company Securities to be sold by the Company hereunder
for the purposes set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus and will file such reports with the Commission with
respect to the sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds therefrom as may be required in accordance with Rule 463 under
the Securities Act.

k. Absence
of Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or which might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, or which has constituted, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities, and has not effected any sales of common stock which are required to be disclosed
in response to Item 701 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act which have not been so disclosed in the Registration Statement.

22

l. Emerging
Growth Company. The Company will promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at
any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of Securities within the meaning of the Securities Act and (ii) completion
of the Lock-Up Period.

m. Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative,
and the Representative represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Company, it has not made and will
not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus required to be filed with the Commission, provided that the prior written consent of the parties hereto shall
be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses included in Schedule II. Any such free writing prospectus
consented to by the Company or the Underwriters is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus.
The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it has satisfied and agrees that it will satisfy the conditions in Rule 433 to avoid
a requirement to file any electronic road show with the Commission. Each Underwriter represents and agrees that, (A) unless it has obtained
or obtains the prior written consent of the Company, it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication
other than those listed on Schedule V, and (B) any Testing-the-Waters Communication undertaken by it was with entities that are
qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors
within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

n. Company
Lock Up Agreement. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, will not, without the prior written consent of the
Representative, from the date of execution of this Agreement and continuing to and including the date eighteen (18) months after the closing
of this Offering (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, announce the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell,
sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend
or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock or any shares of the Company or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of common stock of the Company, (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration
statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of common stock of the Company, or (iii) enter into any swap or other agreement or arrangement that transfers,
in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of shares of common stock, whether any such transaction described in
clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of common stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.
The Company agrees not to accelerate the vesting of any option or warrant or the lapse of any repurchase right prior to the expiration
of the Lock-Up Period. The restrictions contained in this Section 4(n) shall not apply to (a) the Securities to be sold by the Company
hereunder, (b) with the prior written consent of the Representative, the issuance by the Company of shares of common stock upon the exercise
of stock options outstanding on the date hereof and disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
(c) the issuance by the Company of stock options, or shares of the Company under any equity compensation plan of the Company disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (d) the establishment of, and the sale of shares of common
stock pursuant to, a plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, and (e) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the Lock-Up Period and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital.

23

o. Transfer
and Warrant Agent; Public Relations Firm. The Company shall maintain, at its expense, a registrar, transfer agent, and warrant
agent for the Companys Shares and Warrants reasonably acceptable to the Representative, and shall retain such transfer agent for
a period the later of (a) (1) year from the First Closing Date or (b) until the Warrants are exercised or expired. On or prior to the
First Closing Date, the Company shall engage a public relations firm that is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and shall retain
such public relations firm for a period of not less than one (1) year from the First Closing Date.

p. Securities
Law Disclosure; Publicity. At the request of the Representative, by 7 a.m., Eastern time, on the Business Day after the date hereof,
the Company shall issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the Offering. The Company and the Representative shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the Offering, and neither the Company nor any Underwriter shall issue
any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press
release of such Underwriter, or without the prior consent of such Underwriter, with respect to any press release of the Company, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party
shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. The Company shall not issue any press
release without the Representatives prior written consent, commencing on the date of this Agreement and continuing for a period
of twenty-five (25) Business Days from the First Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course
of the Companys business, each of which the Underwriters shall have a reasonable right to review in advance of publication.

q. Company
Standstill. The Company agrees, until the consummation of the Offering, that without the express written consent of the Representative,
it will not to solicit, negotiate with or enter into any agreement with any other source of public financing (whether equity, debt (excluding
commercial debt) or otherwise), any underwriter, potential underwriter, placement agent, financial advisor or any other person or entity
in connection with a public offering of the Companys securities, or any financial advisor or placement agent for a private financing.

24

(5) Conditions
of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy, as of the date
hereof and as of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date (as if made at such Closing Date), of and compliance with all representations,
warranties and agreements of the Company contained herein, to the performance by the Company of the obligations hereunder and to the following
additional conditions:

a. Filing
of Prospectuses. All filings required by Rules 424, 430A and 433 of the Securities Act shall have been timely made (without reliance
on Rule 424(b)(8) or Rule 164(b)); no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof or any
amendment thereof, nor suspending or preventing the use of the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
shall have been issued; no proceedings for the issuance of such an order shall have been initiated or threatened; and any request of the
Commission for additional information (to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or otherwise) shall have been complied with to the Underwriters satisfaction.

b. Continued
Compliance with Securities Laws. The Underwriters shall not have advised the Company that (i) the Registration Statement or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a material fact which, in the Representatives reasonable
opinion, is material, or omits to state a material fact which, in the Representatives reasonable opinion, is required to be stated
therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or (ii) the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus contains an untrue statement of fact which, in the Representatives
reasonable opinion, is material, or omits to state a fact which, in the Representatives reasonable opinion, is material and is
required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading.

c. Absence
of Certain Events. Except as contemplated in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective
dates as of which information is given in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries has
incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions, or declared or paid
any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its share capital; and there shall not have been any change in the
share capital (other than a change in the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company due to the issuance of shares upon
the exercise of outstanding options), or any material change in the short-term or long-term debt of any of the Company (other than as
a result of the conversion of convertible securities of the Company) or its Subsidiaries, or any issuance of options, warrants, convertible
securities or other rights to purchase the share capital of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any Material Adverse Change or
any development involving a prospective Material Adverse Change (whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business), that, in
the Representatives reasonable judgment, makes it impractical or inadvisable to offer or deliver the Securities on the terms and
in the manner contemplated in the Pricing Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus.

d. Officers
Certificate. The Underwriters shall have received on and as of each Closing Date a certificate, addressed to the Underwriters,
signed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to the effect that such officers have carefully examined
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and this Agreement, and that:

i. The representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct as if made at and as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied
with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date; and

25

ii. No stop order
or other order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof or any amendment thereof or the qualification
of the Securities for offering or sale, nor suspending or preventing the use of the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, has been issued, and no proceeding for that purpose has been instituted or, to the best of their knowledge,
is contemplated by the Commission or any state or regulatory body.

e. [Reserved]

f. Secretarys
Certificate. At each Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of
the Company dated such Closing Date, certifying: (i) that Organizational Documents as the Closing Date, are true and complete, have not
been modified and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering
contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all
correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The
documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

g. Chief
Financial Officers Certificate. On the date hereof, the Underwriters shall have received a customary certificate of the
Company signed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifying as to the accuracy of certain information in the Registration
Statement, and a bring-down certificate on each Closing Date.

h. Opinion
of US Counsel for the Company. At each Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received the written opinion and negative assurance
letter of Austin Legal Group, APC, U.S. counsel for the Company, dated such Closing Date and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters.

i. No Legal
Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted
or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of such Closing Date, prevent the issuance
or sale of the Securities; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that would, as of
such Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities.

j. Good
Standing. At each Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received on and as of such Closing Date satisfactory evidence of the
good standing of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions of organization and their good standing as
foreign entities in such other jurisdictions as the Underwriters may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form
of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions or for any such jurisdiction in which evidence
of good standing may not be obtained from appropriate governmental authorities, in the form of an opinion of counsel licensed in the applicable
jurisdiction.

26

k. Lock-Up
Agreements. On the date hereof, the Underwriters shall have received all of the Lock-Up Agreements from the Lock-Up Parties, and
the Lock-Up Agreements shall be in full force and effect.

l. Transfer
Agent Agreement. The Company shall have entered into an agreement with the Transfer Agent recording the Shares and Warrants to
be issued herein.

m. Representatives
Purchase Option. At each Closing Date, the Company shall issue the applicable Representatives Purchase Option.

n. FINRA
Matters. FINRA shall issue a letter of no objections with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms
and arrangements.

o. Comfort
Letters. The Company shall have requested and caused the Auditor to have furnished to the Underwriters, at the Execution Time
and at each Closing Date and settlement date, a comfort letter (which on each Closing Date may refer to letters previously delivered to
the Underwriters hereunder), dated as of the Execution Time and as of such Closing Date and any settlement date, respectively, in form
and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters.

p. Exchange
Listing. The Securities to be delivered on each Closing Date shall have been approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market
(the Exchange), subject to official notice of issuance, and such Securities shall be DTC eligible.

q. Additional
Documents. On or prior to each Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representative such further certificates
and documents as the Representative may reasonably request. All opinions, letters, certificates and evidence mentioned above or elsewhere
in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to counsel for the Underwriters. The Company will furnish the Representative with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates,
letters and other documents as the Representative shall reasonably request.

(6) Indemnification
and Contribution.

a. The Company
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law the Underwriters, their respective affiliates,
their directors, officers employees, agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of
the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each an Underwriter Indemnified Party), from and against any
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (including in settlement of any litigation if such settlement is effected with the prior written
consent of the Company) arising out of (i) any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement, including the information deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness and at any subsequent
time pursuant to Rules 430A and 430B of the Securities Act Regulations, or arising out of or are based upon the omission from the Registration
Statement, or alleged omission to state therein, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading; and (ii) any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Marketing Materials, or any Written Testing-the-Waters
Communications or in any other materials used in connection with the Offering of the Securities, or arising out of or are based upon the
omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and will reimburse such Underwriter Indemnified Party for any
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with evaluating, investigating or defending against such loss, claim,
damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that
any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission that was or is made in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any amendment
or supplement thereto, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Marketing Materials, any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications or in
any other materials used in connection with the offering of the Securities, in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information.
The indemnification obligations under this Section 6(a) are not exclusive and will be in addition to any liability which the Company might
otherwise have and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available at law or in equity to each Underwriter Indemnified
Party.

27

b. Each Underwriter,
severally and not jointly, will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, directors, officers and employees, and
each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act
(each a Company Indemnified Party), from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which such Company
Indemnified Party may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement
is effected with the written consent of the Representative), insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
any Marketing Materials, or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case
to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, any Marketing Materials or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications in reliance upon and in conformity with the
Underwriter Information, and will reimburse such Company Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in
connection with defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. The indemnification obligations under this Section
6(b) are not exclusive and will be in addition to any liability which each Underwriter might otherwise have and shall not limit
any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available at law or in equity to each Company Indemnified Party.

c. Promptly after
receipt by an Underwriter Indemnified Party under subsection (a) above of notice of any intention or threat to commence any action, suit
or proceeding, or notice of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall, if a claim in
respect thereof is to be made against the Company under such subsection, notify the Company in writing of the commencement thereof; but
the failure by the Underwriter Indemnified Party to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability that it may have
to any Underwriter Indemnified Party, except to the extent that such failure or delay by the Underwriter Indemnified Party causes actual
material harm to the Company or materially prejudices the Companys ability to defend such action, suit or proceeding on behalf
of such Underwriter Indemnified Party. In case any such action shall be brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party, it shall notify
the Company of the commencement thereof, and the Company shall be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly
with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Underwriter
Indemnified Party, and after notice from the Company to such Underwriter Indemnified Party of the Companys election to assume the
defense thereof, the Company shall not be liable to such Underwriter Indemnified Party under such subsection for any legal or other expenses
subsequently incurred by such Underwriter Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; and an Underwriter Indemnified Party
may employ counsel to participate in the defense of any such action, suit or proceeding, at the Underwriter Indemnified Partys
own expense, unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been authorized in writing by the Company, (ii) the Underwriter Indemnified
Party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of its counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Underwriter
Indemnified Parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the Company, or that a conflict or potential conflict
exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company (in which case
the Company will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the Underwriter Indemnified Party), or (iii) the
Company has not in fact employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriter Indemnified Party to assume the defense of such action,
suit or proceeding within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, suit or proceeding, in which cases
the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of such counsel employed by the Underwriter Indemnified Party will be at the expense
of the Company, provided that in no event shall the Company be required to pay fees and expenses for more than one firm of attorneys
(and local counsel) representing the Indemnified Party.

28

d. The Company
under this Section 6 shall not be liable to any Underwriter Indemnified Party to the extent that any loss, claim, damage, or liability
is adjudicated in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from an Underwriter
Indemnified Partys willful misconduct or gross negligence. The Company and its Subsidiaries agree that no Underwriter Indemnified
Party shall be liable in any respect (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company or its securityholders
or creditors for any loss, claim, damage or alleged liability relating to or arising out of the engagement of the Representative pursuant
to, or the performance by the Representative of the services contemplated by, this Agreement, except to the extent that any loss, claim,
damage or alleged liability is adjudicated to have resulted primarily from such Underwriter Indemnified Partys willful misconduct
or gross negligence in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction.

e. The Company
under this Section 6 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its prior written consent (not to be unreasonably
withheld), but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Company agrees to indemnify the Underwriter
Indemnified Party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. The Company shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Underwriter Indemnified Party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment
in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party or could be named
a party and indemnity was or would be sought hereunder by such Underwriter Indemnified Party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent
(i) includes an unconditional release of such Underwriter Indemnified Party from all liability for claims that are the subject matter
of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act
by or on behalf of any Underwriter Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time an Underwriter Indemnified Party shall
have requested the Company to reimburse the Underwriter Indemnified Party for fees and expenses of counsel pursuant to Section 6(c), the
Company agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into
more than forty-five (45) days after receipt by the Company of the aforesaid request and (ii) the Company shall not have reimbursed such
Underwriter Indemnified Party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

f. If the indemnification
provided for in this Section 6 is for any reason held unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, or is otherwise
unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an Underwriter Indemnified Party under subsection (a) above or a Company Indemnifiied Party
under subsection (b) above, then the Company or Underwriter, as applicable, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Underwriter
Indemnified Party or Company Indemnifiied Party, as applicable, as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to
in subsection (a) or (b) above, as applicable, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand from the Offering and sale of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation
provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative
benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other
hand in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other
relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand
shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company
bear to the total Underwriting Fee received by the Underwriters. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates
to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relevant intent, knowledge, access to information and
opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just
and equitable if contributions pursuant to this subsection (f) were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters
were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations
referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (f). The amount paid by an Underwriter Indemnified Party or Company Indemnified Party,
as applicable, as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (f) shall
be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Underwriter Indemnified Party or Company Indemnified Party,
as applicable, in connection with investigating or defending against any action or claim that is the subject of this subsection (f). No
person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution
from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

29

g. Notwithstanding
the provisions of this Section 6, no Underwriter shall be required to pay pursuant to this Section 6, either as indemnification or contribution
or both, any amount in excess of the amount of the Underwriting Fee actually received by it pursuant to this Agreement.

h. For purposes
of this Agreement, the Underwriters confirm, and the Company acknowledges, that there is no information concerning the Underwriters furnished
in writing to the Company by the Representative specifically for preparation of or inclusion in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, other than the Underwriter Information.

i. In the event
that an Underwriter Indemnified Party is required to appear as a witness in any action brought by or on behalf of or against the Company
in which it is not named as a defendant, the Company agrees to promptly reimburse the Representative on a monthly basis for all expenses
incurred by it in connection with such Underwriter Indemnified Partys appearing and preparing to appear as such a witness, including,
without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of its legal counsel.

j. In the event
that multiple claims, actions, suits or proceedings are brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party or the Company and indemnification
is permitted with respect to at least one of such claims, actions, suits or proceedings under applicable law and this Agreement, the Company
agrees that any judgment or arbitration award shall be conclusively deemed to be based on claims as to which indemnification is permitted
and provided for, except to the extent that the judgment or arbitration award expressly states that it, or any portion thereof,
is based solely on a claim as to which indemnification is not available.

(7) Term
and Termination of Agreement. The term of this Agreement will commence upon the execution of this Agreement and will terminate
upon the consummation of the final Closing of the Offering; provided that the Underwriters shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement by giving notice to the Company at any time at or prior to the First Closing Date, and the option referred to in Section 1(b),
if exercised, may be cancelled at any time prior to an Option Closing Date, if (i) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable,
at or prior to such Closing Date, to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder, (ii) any other condition of the Underwriters
obligations hereunder is not fulfilled, (iii) trading on the Exchange shall have been wholly suspended, (iv) minimum or maximum prices
for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required, on the Exchange, by such Exchange
or by order of the Commission or any other governmental authority, (v) a banking moratorium shall have been declared by U.S. federal or
New York State authorities, or (vi) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets
or any calamity or crisis that, in the Representatives reasonable judgment, is material and adverse and makes it impractical or
inadvisable to proceed with the completion of the sale of and payment for the Securities. Any such termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that those portions of this Agreement specified in Section 9 shall at all times be
effective and shall survive such termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that this Agreement
shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their reasonable, actual
and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein, less any advances previously paid which as of
the date hereof is $40,000 (the Advances), then due and payable, and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount
thereof to the Underwriters. To the extent that such out-of-pocket expenses are less than the Advances, the Underwriters will return to
the Company that portion of the Advances not offset by such expenses. The Representative shall not be responsible for any expenses of
the Company or others or for any charges or claims relative to the Offering if the Offering is not consummated due to the Representative
abandoning the Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any provision in this Agreement concerning or relating
to confidentiality, indemnification, contribution, advancement, the Companys representations and warranties and the Companys
obligations to pay fees and reimburse expenses will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

30

(8) Underwriter
Default.

a. If any Underwriter
or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligation to purchase Firm Securities or Option Securities, if the Over-Allotment Option
is exercised hereunder, and if the Firm Securities or Option Securities , as applicable, with respect to which such default relates (the
Default Securities) do not (after giving effect to arrangements, if any, made by the Representative pursuant to subsection
(b) below) exceed in the aggregate ten percent (10%) of the number of Firm Securities or Option Securities, as applicable, each non-defaulting
Underwriter, acting severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company that number of Default Securities that bears the same
proportion to the total number of Default Securities then being purchased as the number of Firm Securities or Option Securities, as applicable,
set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Annex A hereto bears to the aggregate number of Firm Securities or Option
Securities, as applicable, set forth opposite the names of the non-defaulting Underwriters; subject, however, to such adjustments to eliminate
fractional shares as the Representative in its sole discretion shall make.

b. In the event
that the aggregate number of Default Securities exceeds ten percent (10%) of the number of Firm Securities or Option Securities, if the
Over Allotment Option is exercised hereunder, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for itself or for another party or parties
(including any non-defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters who so agree) to purchase the Default Securities on the terms contained herein.
In the event that within five (5) calendar days after such a default the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of the Default
Securities as provided in this Section 8, but only in respective to a default on the Firm Securities, this Agreement shall thereupon terminate,
without liability on the part of the Company with respect thereto (except in each case as provided in Sections 4(i), 6, 7, 8 and 9) or
the Underwriters (except in each case as provided in Sections 6, 7, and 16), but nothing in this Agreement shall relieve a defaulting
Underwriter or Underwriters of its or their liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and the Company for damages occasioned by its
or their default hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if this Agreement terminates pursuant to this Section 8(
b), the Companys obligations under Sections 4 (other than Section (4)(i)) and 16 shall immediately terminate. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the case that the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of the Default Securities as provided in this Section
8 with to respective to only the Over Allotment Option, then the provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

31

c. In the event
that any Default Securities are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties
as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the First Closing Date for a period, not exceeding five
(5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be necessary in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or in
any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus which, in the reasonable opinion of Underwriters counsel, may be necessary or advisable. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 8 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such Firm Securities or Option Securities, as applicable.

(9) Survival
of Indemnities, Representations, Warranties, Etc. The respective indemnities, covenants, agreements, representations, warranties
and other statements of the Company and the Underwriters, as set forth in this Agreement or made by them respectively, pursuant to this
Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters or the Company
or any person controlling any of them and shall survive delivery of and payment for the Securities. Notwithstanding any termination of
this Agreement, including any termination pursuant to Section 7, the payment, reimbursement, indemnity and contribution agreements contained
in Sections 4(i), 6, 7, 8 and 9 shall not terminate and shall remain in full force and effect at all times. The indemnity and contribution
provisions contained in Section 6 and the covenants, warranties and representations of the Company contained in this Agreement shall remain
operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf
of the Underwriters, any person who controls the Underwriters within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act or any affiliate of the Underwriters, or by or on behalf of the Company, the Companys directors or officers
or any person who controls the Company within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act,
and (iii) the issuance and delivery of the Securities. The Company and the Underwriters agree to notify each other of the commencement
of any proceeding against either of them promptly, and, in the case of the Company, against any of the Companys officers or directors
in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities, or in connection with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(10) Notices.
All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, delivered by reputable overnight courier (i.e.,
Federal Express) or delivered by facsimile or e-mail transmission to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the Company, to:

JFB CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS. 

1300 S. Dixie Highway, Suite B 

Lantana, FL 33462 

Attention: Joseph F. Basile III, Chief
Executive Officer 

Email: joe@jfbconstruction.net

with a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice):

Austin Legal Group, APC 

3990 Old Town Ave, Suite A-101 

San Diego, CA 92110 

Attention: Gina M. Austin, Esq. 

Email: gaustin@austinlegalgroup.com

32

If to the Underwriters, to:

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC 

7280 W. Palmetto Park Rd. 

Suite 301 

Boca Raton, FL 33433 

Attention: Brian Herman 

Email: bherman@kingswoodus.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice):

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 

1345 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10105 

Attention: Richard I. Anslow, Esq. 

Email: ranslow@egsllp.com 

Facsimile: (212) 370-7889

(11) Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers and directors
and controlling persons referred to in Section 6, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

(12) Headings.
The headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and will not be deemed to
be part of this Agreement.

(13) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and
all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission, electronic delivery, or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create
a valid and binding obligation of the Party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as
if such facsimile, electronic copy, or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. If an electronic or digital signature
is set forth on the signature page of this Agreement or on the signature page of any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, such
electronic or digital signature shall be deemed to be an original signature.

(14) Absence
of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that:

a. No Other
Relationship. The Underwriters have been retained solely as independent contractors to act as underwriters in connection with
the sale of Securities and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company and any Underwriter and any Underwriter
has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Prospectus, irrespective of whether any such
Underwriter has advised or is advising the Company on other matters.

b. Arms-Length
Negotiations. The price of the Firm Securities and Option Securities set forth in this Agreement was established by the Company
following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Underwriters is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands
and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

33

c. Absence
of Obligation to Disclose. The Company has been advised that the Underwriters and their respective affiliates are engaged in a
broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and that the Underwriters have no obligation
to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and

d. Waiver.
The Company waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Underwriters for breach of fiduciary duty
or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Underwriters shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company
in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including
stockholders, employees or creditors of the Company.

(15) Amendment;
Entire Agreement. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the
parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior and all contemporaneous agreements (whether written or oral), understandings and negotiations
with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended or modified in writing, signed by the Company and the Representative,
and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit.

(16) Confidentiality.
The Company agrees to cooperate with the Representative and to furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Representative, all information
and data concerning the Company, its Subsidiaries and the Offering that the Representative deems appropriate, including, without limitation,
the Companys acquisition plans and plans for raising capital or additional financing (the Information). The
Company shall provide the Representative reasonable access during normal business hours from and after the date of execution of this Agreement
until the date of the Closing to all of the Companys and its Subsidiaries assets, properties, books, contracts, commitments
and records, and to the Companys and its Subsidiaries officers, directors, employees, appraisers, independent accountants,
legal counsel and other consultants and advisors. The Company represents and warrants to the Representative that all Information: (i)
made available by the Company to Representative or its agents, representatives and any potential syndicate or selling group member, (ii)
contained in any preliminary or final prospectus prepared by the Company in connection with the Offering, and (iii) contained in any filing
by the Company with any court or governmental regulatory agency, commission or instrumentality, will be complete and correct in all material
respects and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances under which such statements are made. The Company further represents and warrants
to the Representative that all such Information will have been prepared by the Company in good faith and will be based upon assumptions
which, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, are reasonable. In the event of the consummation or public announcement
of the Offering, the Underwriters shall have the right to disclose their participation in the Offering, including through, at the Underwriters
cost, the use of tombstone advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals. The Underwriters agree not to
use any Information concerning the Company provided to the Underwriters by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated
under this Agreement.

34

(17) Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

(18) Submission
to Jurisdiction; Appointment of Agent for Service. The Company and hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the U.S. federal and state courts in and for New York County, New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York (each, a New York Court) in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Company and each of the Companys Subsidiaries irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to
the laying of venue of any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in
the New York Courts, and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit
or proceeding in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

(19) Judgment
Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder into any currency
other than United States dollars, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the rate of exchange used shall
be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Underwriters could purchase United States dollars with such other
currency in The State of New York on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Company pursuant
to this Agreement with respect to any sum due from it to the Underwriters or any person controlling the Underwriters shall, notwithstanding
any judgment in a currency other than United States dollars, not be discharged until the first (1st) Business Day following
receipt by the Underwriters or controlling person of any sum in such other currency, and only to the extent that the Underwriters or controlling
person may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase United States dollars with such other currency. If the United States
dollars so purchased are less than the sum originally due to the Underwriters or controlling person hereunder, the Company agrees as a
separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Underwriters or controlling person against such loss. If the
United States dollars so purchased are greater than the sum originally due to the Underwriters or controlling person hereunder, the Underwriters
or controlling person agrees to pay to the Company an amount equal to the excess of the dollars so purchased over the sum originally due
to the Underwriters or controlling person hereunder.

(20) Time
of Essence. Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement.

[Signature Page
Follows]

35

Please sign and
return to the Company the enclosed duplicates of this Agreement whereupon this Agreement will become a binding agreement between the Company
and the Underwriters in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

By: 

Name: 

Joseph F. Basile III 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted by the Representative,
acting for itself and as Representative of the Underwriters named on Annex A hereto, as of the date first written above: 

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Tyler Bashaw

Title: Director

Annex A

Name of Underwriters 

Number of Securities

Being Purchased from the Company (1) 

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC 

Total 1,250,000 

(1) The Underwriters may purchase
an additional 187,500 Option Securities, to the extent the option described in Section 1(b) of this Agreement is exercised in the manner
described in this Agreement.

A-1

SCHEDULE I

Pricing Information

Initial public offering price per share for the
Securities: $4.125

Number of Company Firm Securities offered: 1,250,000

Number of Option Securities offered: 187,500

S-I-1

SCHEDULE II

Certain Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses

[TBD]

S-II-1

SCHEDULE III

Subsidiaries

JFB Construction & Development, Inc. a Florida corporation

S-III-1

SCHEDULE IV

Lock-Up Parties

1. Joseph F. Basile III

2. Ruben Calderon

3. Bjarne Borg

4. David Clukey

5. Nelson Garcia

6. Christopher Melton

7. Miklos John Gulyas

8. Jamie Zambrana Jr.

9. The Basile Family Irrevocable Trust

S-IV-1

SCHEDULE V

Testing the Waters Communications

[TBD].

S-V-1

EXHIBIT A

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

[],
202f

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

7280 W. Palmetto Park Rd.

Suite 301 

Boca Raton, FL 33433

As Representative of the Underwriters named on Annex A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

As an inducement
to the underwriters, for which Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC (the Representative) is acting as the representative,
to execute an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) providing for a public offering (the Offering)
of units of the Company (Units), each Unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (Share), and one warrant of the Company, where each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Share (the
Warrant, together with the Units and Shares, the Securities)), of JFB Construction Holdings.
and any successor (by merger or otherwise) thereto (the Company), the undersigned hereby agrees that without, in
each case, the prior written consent of the Representative during the period specified in the third paragraph (the Lock-Up Period),
the undersigned will not: (1) offer, pledge, announce the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase,
purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise transfer or
dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares or any securities convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for or that represent the
right to receive Shares (including Shares which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned or an Affiliate (as defined
below) of the undersigned or a person in privity with the undersigned or an Affiliate of the undersigned in accordance with the rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant)
whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or an Affiliate of the undersigned or a person in privity with the undersigned
or an Affiliate of the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned or an Affiliate of the undersigned or a person in privity
with the undersigned or an Affiliate of the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (the Undersigneds
Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of the Undersigneds Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) above or this clause (2) is to
be settled by delivery of Undersigneds Securities or such other securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any written demand for
or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of any Undersigneds Securities or any security convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for the Shares; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. For purposes herein, Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person (which means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, governmental authority or other entity of any kind), any other Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such Person as
such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

E-A-1

The undersigned
agrees that the foregoing restrictions preclude the undersigned from engaging in any hedging or other transaction which is designed to
or which reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in a sale or disposition of the Undersigneds Securities even if such
Undersigneds Securities would be disposed of by someone other than the undersigned. Such prohibited hedging or other transactions
would include any short sale or any purchase, sale or grant of any right (including any put or call option) with respect to any of the
Undersigneds Securities or with respect to any security that includes, relates to, or derives any significant part of its value
from such Undersigneds Securities.

The Lock-Up
Period will commence on the date of this Agreement and continue and include the date six (6) months after the date that the closing of
the Offering pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement.

If the undersigned
is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the Representative agrees that, at least three business days before the effective date of
any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a transfer of the Undersigneds Securities, the Representative
will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver, and (ii) the Company has agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce
the impending release or waiver by issuing a press release through a major news service at least two business days before the effective
date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representative hereunder to any such officer or director shall only
be effective two business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if both
(a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer not for consideration, and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing
to be bound by the same terms described in this letter that are applicable to the transferor, to the extent and for the duration that
such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the undersigned may transfer the Undersigneds Securities (i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, (ii) to any trust for
the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned, (iii) if the undersigned is a corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity (1) transfers to another corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, trust or other business entity that is a direct or indirect Affiliate of the undersigned or (2) distributions of the Shares or
any security convertible into or exercisable for the Shares to limited partners, limited liability company members or stockholders of
the undersigned, (iv) if the undersigned is a trust, transfers to the beneficiary of such trust, (v) by testate succession or intestate
succession or (vi) pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement; provided, in the case of clauses (i)-(v), that (x) such transfer shall not
involve a disposition for value, (y) the transferee agrees in writing with the Representative to be bound by the terms of this Agreement,
and (z) no filing by any party under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
shall be required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer. Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned
may transfer the Undersigneds Securities in a transaction not involving a public offering or public resale; provided that
(x) the transferee agrees in writing with the Representative to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, and (y) no filing by any party
under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer. For purposes
of this Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first
cousin.

E-A-2

In furtherance
of the foregoing, the Company and its transfer agent and registrar are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of the Undersigneds
Securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Agreement.

The undersigned
hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that upon request, the
undersigned will execute any additional documents necessary to ensure the validity or enforcement of this Agreement. All authority herein
conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal
representatives of the undersigned.

The undersigned
understands that the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Agreement if (i) the Company notifies the Representative
that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering, (ii) the Underwriting Agreement does not become effective, or if the Underwriting
Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery
of the Securities to be sold thereunder, or (iii) the Offering is not consummated by ______ __, 202_.

The undersigned
understands that the underwriters named in the Underwriting Agreement are entering into the Underwriting Agreement and proceeding with
the Offering in reliance upon this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

E-A-3

This Agreement
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Very truly yours, 

Print Name of Holder

By: 

Print
Name of Person Signing (and indicate capacity of person signing if signing as custodian, trustee, or on behalf of an entity)

E-A-4

EXHIBIT B

Form of Company Press Release
for

Waivers or Releases of Officer/Director

Lock-Up Agreements

[]

JFB Construction Holdings. (the Company)
announced today that Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC (Kingswood), [the sole Underwriter], is [waiving] [releasing] [a]
lock-up restriction[s] with respect to an aggregate of [] Securities held by certain [officers] [directors]
of the Company. These [officers] [directors] entered into lock-up agreements with Kingswood in connection with the Companys
initial public offering.

This [waiver] [release] will
take effect on [] [date that is at least 2 business days following date of this press release].

This press release is not an offer
for sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer is prohibited, and such securities may not
be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

E-B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Warrant
Shares: [_______] Original
Issuance Date: [_______], 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_______] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Original Issuance Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [_____] (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from JFB Construction Holdings., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
up to [___] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Class A common stock of the Company,
par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall
be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant shall initially be issued and maintained in the form of a security
held in book-entry form and the Depository Trust Company or its nominee (DTC) shall initially be the sole registered holder
of this Warrant, subject to the Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the
Transfer Agent Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated to be closed due to a shelter
in place, non-essential employee or similar closure of physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority if such banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open for use by customers on such
day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statements on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-283106).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr,
Ste 210, Lutz, FL 33558-5257, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Transfer
Agent Agreement means that certain transfer agent agreement, dated on or about the Original Issuance Date, between the Company
and the Transfer Agent.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is traded on OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the OTC Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of
the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company and delivered to the purchasers thereof pursuant to
the Registration Statement.

Warrant
Agent means ClearTrust LLC and any successor warrant agent of the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Original Issuance Date and on or before close of business on the
Termination Date by delivery to the Company or Warrant Agent (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile
copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company or the Warrant Agent until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder
and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company or Warrant Agent for
cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises
of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of
lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares
purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases.
The Company or Warrant Agent shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at
any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing in this Section 2(a), a Holder whose interest in this Warrant is a beneficial interest in certificate(s) representing this
Warrant held in book-entry form through DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions), shall effect
exercises made pursuant to this Section 2(a) by delivering to DTC (or such other clearing corporation, as applicable) the appropriate
instruction form for exercise, complying with the procedures to effect exercise that are required by DTC (or such other clearing corporation,
as applicable), subject to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Transfer
Agent Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $5.50, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement

registering,
or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also
be exercised, in whole or in part, during such time as there is no effective registration statement by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A)
= Either
(i) the last VWAP immediately preceding the time of delivery of the Notice of Exercise giving rise to the applicable cashless
exercise, as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise (to clarify, the last VWAP will be the last VWAP
as calculated over an entire Trading Day such that, in the event that this Warrant is exercised at a time that the Trading Market
is open, the prior Trading Days VWAP shall be used in this calculation) or (ii) the last reported per share sale price of
the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earlier of: (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company or the Warrant Agent of the Notice of Exercise,
and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company or the Warrant Agent
of the Notice of Exercise, all subject to receipt of any cash payments required by the Holder (such date, the Warrant Share
Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become
the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following
delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice
of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,
for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin
to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such
exercise. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Warrant Agent shall not, in any event, be subject to, or responsible for, liquidated damages
as contemplated by this Section 2(d)(i). The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so
long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard
settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely
due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Warrant Agent shall not, in
any event, be subject to, or responsible for, Buy-In penalties contemplated by this Section 2(d)(iv).

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall round up or down, as applicable, to the nearest whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon at least 61 days prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of
this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the
Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time after the issuance
of this Warrant the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all of the holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise
price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital
stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the
Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, if, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, pursuant to
the terms of this Section 3(d), the Holder shall not be entitled to receive more than one of (i) the consideration receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, or (ii) the assumption by the Successor Entity of all of the obligations of the Company under
this Warrant and the option to receive a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in
form and substance to this Warrant.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile
number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the
applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case
a notice shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at
the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. The Warrant Agent may require a medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) to effectuate
an assignment or transfer of this Warrant. In order to effectuate a transfer (in whole or in part) of this Warrant, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company or the Warrant Agent within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an
assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depository), this Warrant may be divided
or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying
the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance
with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants
issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except
as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent
may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution
to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise, and to
receive the cash payments contemplated pursuant to Sections 2(d)(i) and 2(d)(iv), In no event, including if the Company is for any reason
unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof, shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant or cash settle in any other form.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate. The Company agrees to secure a bond on behalf of the Holder in connection with the replacement of such Warrant
Certificates, if requested by the Warrant Agent.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 1300 S. Dixie Highway, Suite B, Lantana, FL 33462, Attention: Joseph F. Basile
III, Chief Executive Officer, E-mail: joe@jfbconstruction.net, or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the
Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of
the Warrant Agent. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i)
the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail
address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this
Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Warrant, where this Warrant provides for
notice of any event to the Holder, if this Warrant is held in global form by DTC (or any successor depositary), such notice shall be
sufficiently given if given to DTC (or any successor depositary) pursuant to the procedures of DTC (or such successor depositary), subject
to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Transfer Agent Agreement, in
which case this sentence shall not apply. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and either: (i) the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand, or (ii) the vote or written consent
of the Holders of at least 50.1% of the then outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to the Transfer Agent Agreement, on the other hand,
provided that adjustments may be made to the Warrant terms and rights of this Warrant in accordance with Section 3 of this Warrant without
the consent of any Holder or beneficial owner of the Warrants.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

o)
Transfer Agent Agreement. If this Warrant is held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant is issued
subject to the Transfer Agent Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Transfer
Agent Agreement, the provisions of this Warrant shall govern and be controlling.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
JFB CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:_______________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:__________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:____________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:_____________________________________________________________________

Date:________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_________________, __________ 

Holders
Signature: __________________________ 

Holders
Address: ___________________________ 

[Signature
Guarantee]

Signatures
must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Warrant Agent, which requirements
include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature
guarantee program as may be determined by the Warrant Agent in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Form
of Warrant Certificate Request Notice

WARRANT
CERTIFICATE REQUEST NOTICE

To:
ClearTrust LLC, as Warrant Agent for JFB CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS. (the Company)

The
undersigned Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants (Warrants) in the form of Global Warrants issued by the Company hereby
elects to receive a Definitive Certificate evidencing the Warrants held by the Holder as specified below:

1. Name
of Holder of Warrants in form of Global Warrants: _________________________________________

2. Name
of Holder in Definitive Certificate (if different from name of Holder of Warrants in form of Global Warrants): ________________________________

3. Number
of Warrants in name of Holder in form of Global Warrants: ____________________________________

4. Number
of Warrants for which Definitive Certificate shall be issued: ___________________________________

5. Number
of Warrants in name of Holder in form of Global Warrants after issuance of Definitive Certificate, if any: ___________

6. Definitive
Certificate shall be delivered to the following address: ________________________________

The
undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with this Warrant Exchange and the issuance of the Definitive Certificate,
the Holder is deemed to have surrendered the number of Warrants in form of Global Warrants in the name of the Holder equal to the number
of Warrants evidenced by the Definitive Certificate.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity:

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name
of Authorized Signatory:

Title
of Authorized Signatory:

Date: ____________________________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

THE
REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE OPTION BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE OPTION
EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE OPTION AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR
HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE OPTION OR CAUSE IT TO BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING, SHORT SALE, DERIVATIVE, PUT, OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT
WOULD RESULT IN THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION OF THE PURCHASE OPTION OR ANY UNDERLYING SECURITIES BY ANY PERSON FOR A PERIOD OF
ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS (180) FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES OF THE OFFERING TO ANYONE OTHER THAN KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
(KINGSWOOD), OR AN UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER PARTICIPATING IN THE OFFERING OR AN OFFICER, PARTNER, REGISTERED
PERSON OR AFFILIATE OF KINGSWOOD OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH FINRA RULE 5110(E)(2).

THIS
PURCHASE OPTION IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO [], 20241. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M. NEW YORK CITY LOCAL TIME, []2,
WHICH IS THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED HEREIN).

UNIT
PURCHASE OPTION FOR THE PURCHASE OF UP TO []3UNITS

OF
JFB CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS.

1.
Purchase Option.

THIS
CERTIFIES THAT, in consideration of $100.00 duly paid by or on behalf of Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC
(Holder), as registered owner of this Purchase Option (the Purchase Option),
to JFB Construction Holdings., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Holder is entitled, at any time or
from time to time on or after [], 20244 (Closing Date), (as described in the
Companys registration statement (Registration Statement) pursuant to which Units (as defined
herein) are offered for sale to the public in Companys initial public offering (Offering)) until
five (5) years from the commencement of sales of the offering (Expiration Date), but not thereafter, to
subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up to []5 units (or up to []6 units if
the over-allotment option with respect to the Units in the Offering is exercised in full) of the Company (the
Units), each Unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(Common Stock), and one warrant of the Company, where each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of Common Stock for an exercise price of $[]7 per share, subject to adjustment (the
Warrant). Each Warrant is the same as the whole warrant included in the Units being registered for sale
to the public by way of the Registration Statement (the Public Warrants) subject to compliance with
FINRA Rule 5110 and the cashless exercise provisions herein. If the Expiration Date is a day on which banking institutions are
authorized by law to close, then this Purchase Option may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not such a day in
accordance with the terms herein. During the period ending on the Expiration Date, the Company agrees not to take any action that
would terminate the Purchase Option. This Purchase Option is initially exercisable at $[]8 per Unit so purchased; provided, however,
that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Option,
including the exercise price per Unit and the number of Units (and shares of Common Stock and Warrants) to be received upon such
exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. The term Exercise Price shall mean the initial
exercise price or the adjusted exercise price, depending on the context.

Any
terms capitalized in this Purchase Option but not otherwise defined will have the meanings set forth in the Underwriting Agreement (defined
below).

1
Date of the closing of the Offering.

2
Five years from the commencement of sales of the offering.

3
10% of the units sold in the Offering after full exercise of the over-allotment option.

4
Date of the closing of the Offering.

5
10% of the units sold in the Offering before the exercise of the over-allotment option.

6
10% of the units sold in the Offering after full exercise of the over-allotment option.

7
100% of the exercise price of the investor warrants.

8
125% of the price of the units sold in the Offering.

2.
Exercise OF PUrchase option.

2.1
Exercise Form. In order to exercise this Purchase Option, the exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed
and delivered to the Company, together with this Purchase Option and payment of the Exercise Price for the Units being purchased payable
in cash or by certified check or official bank check. If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before
5:00 p.m., New York City local time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase Option shall become and be void without further force or effect,
and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

2.2
Legend. Each certificate for the securities purchased under this Purchase Option shall bear a legend as follows, unless such securities
have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Act):

The
securities represented by this certificate have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Act),
or applicable state law. The securities may not be offered for sale, sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Act, or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act and applicable state law.

2.3
Cashless Exercise.

2.3.1
Determination of Amount. In lieu of the payment of the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Units for which this Purchase
Option is exercisable (and in lieu of being entitled to receive shares of Common Stock and Warrants) in the manner required by Section
2.1, and subject to Section 6.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to convert any exercisable
but unexercised portion of this Purchase Option into Units (Cashless Exercise Right) as follows: upon exercise
of the Cashless Exercise Right, the Company shall deliver to the Holder (without payment by the Holder of any of the Exercise Price in
cash) that number of Units (or that number of shares of Common Stock and Warrants comprising that number of Units) equal to the number
of Units to be exercised multiplied by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Value (as defined below) of the portion
of the Purchase Option being converted by (y) the Current Market Value (as defined below). The Value of the
portion of the Purchase Option being converted shall equal the remainder derived from subtracting (a) (i) the Exercise Price multiplied
by (ii) the number of the shares of Common Stock underlying the portion of this Purchase Option being converted from (b) the Current
Market Value of one share of Common Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the portion of the Purchase Option
being converted. As used herein, the term Current Market Value per share of Common Stock at any date means,
at the Holders discretion, either the VWAP or last reported sale price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the
applicable notice of exercise of this Purchase Option. The term Trading Date means a day on which the Nasdaq
Stock Market is open for trading. The term VWAP means as of any Trading Day, the volume weighted average
price per share of Common Stock, or any successor security thereto on the Nasdaq Stock Market (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (or its
successor) or if not available, by Dow Jones & Company Inc.).

2.3.2
Mechanics of Cashless Exercise. The Cashless Exercise Right may be exercised by the Holder on any business day on or after the
Closing Date and not later than the Expiration Date by delivering the Purchase Option with the duly executed exercise form attached hereto
with the cashless exercise section completed to the Company, exercising the Cashless Exercise Right and specifying the total number of
Units the Holder will purchase pursuant to such Cashless Exercise Right.

2.4
No Obligation to Net Cash Settle. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Purchase Option, in no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle the exercise of the Purchase Option or Warrants underlying the Purchase Option. The holder
of the Purchase Option and Warrants underlying the Purchase Option will not be entitled to exercise the Purchase Option or the Warrants
underlying such Purchase Option unless it exercises such Purchase Option pursuant to the Cashless Exercise Right or a registration statement
is effective, or an exemption from the registration requirements is available at such time and, if the holder is not able to exercise
the Purchase Option or underlying Warrants, the Purchase Option and/or the underlying Warrants, as applicable, will expire worthless.

2

3.
Transfer of purchase option.

3.1
General Restrictions. The registered Holder of this Purchase Option, by its acceptance hereof, agrees that in compliance with
FINRA Rule 5110 it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate this Purchase Option (or the shares of Common Stock and Warrants
underlying this Purchase Option), or cause the Purchase Option (or the shares of Common Stock and Warrants underlying this Purchase Option)
to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition
of the Purchase Option by any person, for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales of the Offering (Commencement
Date) to anyone other than Kingswood or an underwriter or selected dealer in connection with the Offering, or an officer,
partner, registered person or affiliate of Kingswood or of any such underwriter or selected dealer so long as all transferred securities
remain subject to the lock-up restriction in Rule 5110(e)(1) for the remainder of the 180 days following the Commencement Date. On and
after the 181st day following the Commencement Date, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable
securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder must deliver to the Company the assignment form attached hereto
duly executed and completed, together with the Purchase Option and payment of all transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith.
The Company shall within five (5) business days transfer this Purchase Option on the books of the Company and shall execute and deliver
a new Purchase Option of like tenor to the appropriate assignee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of
Units purchasable hereunder or such portion of such number as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

3.2
Restrictions Imposed by the Act. The securities evidenced by this Purchase Option shall not be transferred unless and until (i)
the Company has received the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the Act and applicable state securities laws, the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company
(the Company hereby agreeing that the opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP shall be deemed satisfactory evidence of the availability
of an exemption), or (ii) a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement relating to such securities
has been filed by the Company and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
and compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

4.
New Purchase Option to be Issued.

4.1
Partial Exercise or Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Option may be exercised or
assigned in whole or in part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Option
for cancellation, together with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price (except
to the extent that the Holder elects to exercise this Purchase Option by means of a cashless exercise as provided in Section 2.3
above) and/or transfer tax, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Option of like tenor
to this Purchase Option in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Units purchasable hereunder
as to which this Purchase Option has not been exercised or assigned.

4.2
Lost Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
this Purchase Option and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Purchase Option of like tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Option executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation
or destruction shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

3

5.
REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

5.1
Demand Registration.

5.1.1
Grant of Right. Upon written demand (Initial Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% (Majority
Holders) of the Purchase Option and all of the securities underlying the Purchase Option, including the Units, Common
Stock, Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities),
the Company agrees to use its best efforts to register (the Demand Registration) under the Act on one occasion,
all or any portion of the Purchase Option requested by the Majority Holders in the Initial Demand Notice and all Registrable Securities.
On such occasion, the Company will use its best efforts to file a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement covering the Registrable Securities as expeditiously as possible within sixty (60) days after receipt of the Initial Demand
Notice and use its best efforts to have such registration statement or post-effective amendment declared effective as soon as possible
thereafter. The demand for registration may be made at any time during a period of five (5) years from the Commencement Date. The Initial
Demand Notice shall specify the number of shares of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold and the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. The Company will notify all holders of the Purchase Option and/or Registrable Securities of the demand within ten (10) days
from the date of the receipt of any such Initial Demand Notice. Each holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to include all or a
portion of such holders Registrable Securities in the Demand Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities
in such registration, a Demanding Holder) shall so notify the Company within fifteen (15) days after the
receipt by the holder of the notice from the Company. Upon any such request, the Demanding Holders shall be entitled to have their Registrable
Securities included in the Demand Registration, subject to Section 5.1.4. The Company shall not be required to effect more than
one (1) Demand Registrations under this Section 5.1 in respect of all Registrable Securities during the five (5) year period commencing
on the Commencement Date.

5.1.2
Effective Registration. A registration will not count as a Demand Registration until the registration statement filed with the
Commission, with respect to such Demand Registration, has been declared effective and the Company has complied with all of its obligations
under this Purchase Option with respect thereto. The Company is not obligated to initiate a Demand Registration if a prior Demand Registration
filed with the Commission is still pending before the Commission.

5.1.3
Underwritten Offering. If the Majority Holders so elect and such holders so advise the Company as part of the Initial Demand Notice,
the offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an underwritten offering. In
such event, the right of any holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon such holders
participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent
provided herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their securities through such underwriting shall enter into an underwriting
agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such underwriting by the Majority Holders.

5.1.4
Reduction of Offering. If the managing underwriter or underwriters for a Demand Registration that is to be an underwritten offering
advises the Company and the Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Registrable Securities which the
Demanding Holders desire to sell, taken together with all other shares of Common Stock or other securities which the Company desires
to sell and the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back
registration rights held by other stockholders of the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number
of shares that can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method,
or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares, as applicable, the Maximum
Number of Shares), then the Company shall include in such registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities as to which
Demand Registration has been requested by the Demanding Holders (pro rata in accordance with the number of shares that each such person
has requested be included in such registration, regardless of the number of shares held by each such person (such proportion is referred
to herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (ii) second, to
the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the shares of Common Stock or other
securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (iii) third, to the
extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the shares of Common Stock or
other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements
with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

5.1.5
Withdrawal. If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled
to include all of their Registrable Securities in any offering, such majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw
from such offering by giving written notice to the Company and the underwriter or underwriters of their request to withdraw prior to
the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest
of the Demanding Holders withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration, then the Company does not have to continue
its obligations under Section 5.1, provided that, any such withdrawal will not count as the Demand Registration if the
Demanding Holders pay all of the Companys out-of-pocket expenses, with respect to such withdrawn registration.

4

5.1.6
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities, including the reasonable
expenses of one legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to qualify or register
the Registrable Securities in such states as are reasonably requested by the Majority Holder(s); provided, however, that
in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a state in which such registration would cause (i)
the Company to be obligated to qualify to do business in such state, or would subject the Company to taxation as a foreign corporation
doing business in such jurisdiction or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares of the Company.
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause any registration statement or post-effective amendment filed pursuant to the demand rights
granted under Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of nine (9) consecutive months from the effective date of such registration
statement or post-effective amendment.

5.2
Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time during the five (5) year period commencing on the Commencement Date the Company proposes to
file a registration statement under the Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable
or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for stockholders of the Company for
their account (or by the Company and by stockholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 5.1), other
than a registration statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer
or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing stockholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into
equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed
filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated
filing date, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of
distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders
of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of shares of Registrable Securities as such
holders may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing
underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back
Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of
such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders of Registrable Securities
proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into
an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.2
Reduction of Offering. If the managing underwriter or underwriters for a Piggy-Back Registration that is to be an underwritten
offering advises the Company and the holders of Registrable Securities in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common
Stock which the Company desires to sell, taken together with shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration has been demanded
pursuant to written contractual arrangements with persons other than the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Registrable
Securities as to which registration has been requested under this Section 5.2, and the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which
registration has been requested pursuant to the written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of the Company,
exceeds the Maximum Number of Shares, then the Company shall include in any such registration:

(a)
If the registration is undertaken for the Companys account: (A) first, shares of Common Stock or other securities that the Company
desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of
Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the shares of Common Stock or other securities, if any, comprised of Registrable
Securities, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back registration rights
of such security holders, Pro Rata, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (C) third, to the extent that
the Maximum Number of shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other securities
for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights
with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares;

5

(b)
Intentionally Omitted.

(c)
If the registration is a demand registration undertaken at the demand of persons other than the holders of Registrable
Securities, (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other securities for the account of the demanding persons that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing
clause (A), the shares of Common Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Shares; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and
(B), collectively the shares of Common Stock or other securities comprised of Registrable Securities, Pro Rata, as to which registration
has been requested pursuant to the terms hereof that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D) fourth, to the
extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the shares of Common Stock
or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements
with such persons, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

5.2.3
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for inclusion of Registrable
Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness
of the registration statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand
pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a registration statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of the registration
statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 5.2.4.

5.2.4
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities, including the reasonable
expenses of one legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions related to the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration,
the Company shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than fifteen (15) days written notice
prior to the proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each applicable
registration statement filed (during the period in which the Purchase Option is exercisable) by the Company until such time as all of
the Registrable Securities have been registered and sold. The Holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back
rights provided for herein by giving written notice within ten days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to
file a registration statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the above
piggyback rights to remain effective for at least nine (9) months from the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities
are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities.

5.3
General Terms.

5.3.1
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration
statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), against all loss, claim, damage, expense
or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever whether arising out of any action between the underwriter and the
Company or between the underwriter and any third party or otherwise) to which any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange
Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant
to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the underwriters contained in Section 6 of the Underwriting Agreement between the Company,
Kingswood and the other underwriters named therein dated the Effective Date (Underwriting Agreement). The
Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally,
and not jointly, indemnify the Company, its officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable
attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to
which they may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such
Holders, or their successors or assigns for specific inclusion in such registration statement or arising from any omission or the alleged
omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statement contained therein not misleading in
connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities, to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained
in Section 6 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

6

5.3.2
Exercise of Purchase Option. Nothing contained in this Purchase Option shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise
their Purchase Option or Warrants underlying such Purchase Option prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement
or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3
Documents Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish Kingswood, for as long as it is a Holder, as representative of the Holders
participating in any of the foregoing offerings, a signed counterpart, addressed to the participating Holders, of (i) an opinion of counsel
to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter
dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent public accountants who have issued a report
on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters
with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter,
with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to Kingswood, as representative of the Holders participating in the offering, the correspondence and memoranda
described below and copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating
to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit Kingswood, as representative of
the Holders, to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration
statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include
access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent auditors,
all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times and as often as Kingswood, as representative of the Holders, shall reasonably
request. The Company shall not be required to disclose any confidential information or other records to Kingswood, as representative
of the Holders, or to any other person, until and unless such persons shall have entered into reasonable confidentiality agreements (in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company), with the Company with respect thereto.

5.3.4
Underwriting Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected
by any Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such
managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating
to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties
and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such
Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except
as they may relate to such Holders and their intended methods of distribution. Such Holders, however, shall agree to such covenants and
indemnification and contribution obligations for selling stockholders as are customarily contained in agreements of that type used by
the managing underwriter. Further, such Holders shall execute appropriate custody agreements and otherwise cooperate fully in the preparation
of the registration statement and other documents relating to any offering in which they include securities pursuant to this Section
5. Each Holder shall also furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it, and the intended
method of disposition of such securities as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities.

7

5.3.5
Rule 144 Sale. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 5 to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation
pursuant to Sections 5.1 or 5.2 to use its best efforts to obtain the registration of Registrable Securities held by any
Holder (i) where such Holder would then be entitled to sell under Rule 144 within any three-month period (or such other period prescribed
under Rule 144 as may be provided by amendment thereof) all of the Registrable Securities then held by such Holder, or (ii) where the
number of Registrable Securities held by such Holder is within the volume limitations under paragraph (e) of Rule 144 (calculated as
if such Holder were an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144).

5.3.6
Supplemental Prospectus. Each Holder agrees, that upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event as
a result of which the prospectus included in the registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light
of the circumstances then existing, such Holder will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the registration
statement covering such Registrable Securities until such Holders receipt of the copies of a supplemental or amended prospectus,
and, if so desired by the Company, such Holder shall deliver to the Company (at the expense of the Company) or destroy (and deliver to
the Company a certificate of such destruction) all copies, other than permanent file copies then in such Holders possession, of
the prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt of such notice.

6.
ADJUSTMENTS.

6.1
Adjustments to Exercise Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Units underlying the Purchase Option
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth subject to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), provided
that no adjustment shall be made to the Exercise Price if this would result in the Exercise Price falling below the par value of the
shares of Common Stock. In such cases, the Exercise Price would be equal to the par value of the shares of Common Stock:

6.1.1
Stock Dividends - Split-Ups. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a split-up of shares of Common
Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date thereof, the number of shares of Common Stock underlying each of the Units
purchasable hereunder shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding shares. In such case, the number of shares of
Common Stock, and the exercise price applicable thereto, underlying the Warrants underlying each of the Units purchasable hereunder shall
be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the Warrants.

6.1.2
Aggregation of Shares. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other similar event,
then, on the effective date thereof, the number of shares of Common Stock underlying each of the Units purchasable hereunder shall be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased. In such case,
the number of shares of Common Stock, and the exercise price applicable thereto, underlying the Warrants underlying each of the Units
purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the Warrants.

6.1.3
Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock other than a change covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such
shares of Common Stock, or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another company (other than a consolidation
or merger in which the Company is the continuing entity and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another company or entity of the property of the Company as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Purchase Option shall have the
right thereafter (until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Option) to receive upon the exercise hereof, for the
same aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or
property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following
any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company obtainable upon exercise of this Purchase
Option and the underlying Warrants immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in shares of
Common Stock covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 6.1.1, 6.1.2
and this Section 6.1.3. The provisions of this Section 6.1.3 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications,
reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers.

8

6.1.4
Changes in Form of Purchase Option. This form of Purchase Option need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section,
and a Purchase Option issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Units as are stated in the Purchase
Option as initially issued. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of a new Purchase Option reflecting a required or permissive
change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date or the computation thereof.

6.2
Substitute Purchase Option. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the Company with, or merger of the
Company into, another entity (other than a consolidation or merger which does not result in any reclassification or change of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock), the entity formed by such consolidation or merger shall execute and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Purchase
Option providing that the holder of each Purchase Option then outstanding or to be outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until
the stated expiration of such Purchase Option) to receive, upon exercise of such Purchase Option, the kind and amount of shares and other
securities and property receivable upon such consolidation or merger, by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company
for which such Purchase Option might have been exercised immediately prior to such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental
Purchase Option shall provide for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided in Section 6. The above provision
of this Section shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or mergers.

6.3
Elimination of Fractional Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of shares
of Common Stock or Warrants upon the exercise of the Purchase Option, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of
any fractional interests, it being the intent of the parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction
up or down to the nearest whole number of Warrants, shares of Common Stock or other securities, properties or rights.

7.
RESERVATION AND LISTING. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available
out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon exercise of the Purchase Option or
the Warrants, such number of shares of Common Stock or other securities, properties or rights as shall be issuable upon the exercise
thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of the Purchase Option and payment of the Exercise Price therefor, all
shares of Common Stock and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and not subject to preemptive rights of any stockholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that upon exercise of the Warrants
underlying the Purchase Option and payment of the respective Warrant exercise price therefor, all shares of Common Stock and other securities
issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights of any
stockholders. As long as the Purchase Option shall be outstanding, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause all (i) Units and
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Option, (ii) Warrants issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Option and
(iii) shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants included in the Units issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Option
to be listed and/or quoted (subject to official notice of issuance) on all securities exchanges (or, if applicable, on the OTC Bulletin
Board or OTC Markets Group, Inc. or any successor trading market) on which the shares of Common Stock or the Public Warrants may then
be listed and/or quoted.

8.
CERTAIN NOTICE REQUIREMENTS.

8.1
Holders Right to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders the right to vote or
consent as a stockholders for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a stockholders of
the Company. If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of the Purchase Option and its exercise, any of the events described in
Section 8.2 shall occur, then, in each such event, the Company shall give written notice of such event at least fifteen (15) days
prior to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books for the determination of the stockholders entitled
to such dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights, or entitled to vote on such proposed dissolution,
liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing of the transfer books, as the
case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall deliver to each Holder a copy of each notice given to the other stockholders
of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the stockholders.

9

8.2
Events Requiring Notice. The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 8 upon one or more of the
following events: (i) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them
to receive a dividend or distribution payable otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of
retained earnings, as indicated by the accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company, or (ii) the
Company shall offer to all the holders of its shares of Common Stock any additional shares of the Company or securities convertible into
or exchangeable for shares of the Company, or any option, right or warrant to subscribe therefor, or (iii) a dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation or merger) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property,
assets and business shall be proposed.

8.3
Notice of Change in Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant
to Section 6 hereof, send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price
Notice shall describe the event causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate
by the Companys Chief Executive Officer.

8.4
Transmittal of Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Option shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly made when hand delivered, or mailed by express mail or private courier service, to following addresses
or to such other addresses as the Company or Holder may designate by notice to the other party:

If
to the Holder:

Kingswood
Capital Partners, LLC

7280
West Palmetto Park Road, Suite 301

Boca
Raton, FL 33433

Attention:
Brian Herman

Email:
bherman@kingswoodus.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, NY 10105

Attention:
Richard I. Anslow, Esq. and Jonathan Deblinger, Esq.

Email:
ranslow@egsllp.com and jdeblinger@egsllp.com

If
to the Company:

JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS.

1300
S. Dixie Highway, Suite B

Lantana,
FL 33462

Attention:
Joseph F. Basile III, Chief Executive Officer

Email:
joe@jfbconstruction.net

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Austin
Legal Group, APC

3990
Old Town Ave, Suite A-101

San
Diego, CA 92110

Attention:
Gina Austin, Esq.

Email:
gaustin@austinlegalgroup.com

10

9.
MISCELLANEOUS.

9.1
Amendment The Company and Kingswood, for as long as it is a Holder, may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Option
without the approval of any of the Holders in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that
may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions
arising hereunder that the Company and Kingswood may deem necessary or desirable and that the Company and Kingswood deem shall not adversely
affect the interest of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party
against whom enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought.

9.2
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Option.

9.3
Entire Agreement. This Purchase Option (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Purchase Option) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.4
Binding Effect. This Purchase Option shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Holder and the Company
and their permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed
to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Option or any provisions herein
contained.

9.5
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Purchase Option shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Holder and the Company
hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Purchase Option shall be
brought and enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. Each of the Holder and the Company
hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons
to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 8.4 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service
and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the prevailing
party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefore.

9.6
Waiver, Etc. The failure of the Company or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Option shall
not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Option or any
provision hereof or the right of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Option. No
waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Option shall be effective unless set
forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver
of any such breach, non-compliance or non- fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach
or non-compliance.

9.7
Execution in Counterparts. This Purchase Option may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto.

9.8
Exchange Agreement. As a condition of the Holders receipt and acceptance of this Purchase Option, Holder agrees that, at
any time prior to the complete exercise of this Purchase Option by Holder, if the Company and Kingswood enter into an agreement (Exchange
Agreement) pursuant to which they agree that all outstanding Purchase Options will be exchanged for securities or cash
or a combination of both, then Holder shall agree to such exchange and become a party to the Exchange Agreement.

[Signature
Page Follows]

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Purchase Option to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the ____ day of __________,
2024.

JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS.

By: 

Name:
Joseph
F. Basile III

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

12

Form
to be used to exercise Purchase Option

JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS.

1300
S. Dixie Highway, Suite B

Lantana,
FL 33462

Attention:
Joseph F. Basile, Chief Executive Officer

Date:
[], 20__

The
undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to exercise all or a portion of the within Purchase Option and to purchase ____ Units of JFB Construction
Holdings. and hereby makes payment of $____________ (at the rate of $_________ per Unit) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto.
Please issue the securities as to which this Purchase Option is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below.

Or

The
undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to convert its right to purchase _________ Units purchasable under the within Purchase Option by
surrender of the unexercised portion of the attached Purchase Option (with a Value based of $_______ based on a Current
Market Value of $_______). Please issue the securities comprising the Units as to which this Purchase Option is exercised in accordance
with the instructions given below.

________________________

NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the purchase option in every particular, without
alteration or enlargement or any change whatever

Signature(s)
Guaranteed:

THE
SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT
UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15).

INSTRUCTIONS
FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES

Name

(Print
in Block Letters)

Address

13

Form
to be used to assign Purchase Option:

ASSIGNMENT

(To
be executed by the registered Holder to effect a transfer of the within Purchase Option):

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED,______________________________________________ does hereby sell, assign and transfer unto___________________________________________
the right to purchase __________ Units of JFB Construction Holdings. (Company) evidenced by the within Purchase
Option and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company.

Dated:___________________,
20__

Signature

NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the purchase option in every particular,
without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s)
Guaranteed:

THE
SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT
UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15).

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

THE
REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER
OR ASSIGN THIS REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS REPRESENTATIVE
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT OR CAUSE IT TO BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING, SHORT SALE, DERIVATIVE, PUT, OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT WOULD RESULT IN
THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT OR ANY UNDERLYING SECURITIES BY ANY PERSON FOR
A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS (180) FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES OF THE OFFERING TO ANYONE OTHER THAN KINGSWOOD CAPITAL
PARTNERS, LLC (KINGSWOOD), OR AN UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER PARTICIPATING IN THE OFFERING OR AN OFFICER,
PARTNER, REGISTERED PERSON OR AFFILIATE OF KINGSWOOD OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH FINRA RULE
5110(E)(2).

THIS
THIS REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO [], 20241. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M. NEW
YORK CITY LOCAL TIME, []2, WHICH IS THE TERMINATION DATE (AS DEFINED HEREIN). 

REPRESENTATIVE
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Warrant
Shares: [_______] Original
Issuance Date: [_______], 2025

THIS
REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_______] or its
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Original Issuance Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the date that is five years from the commencement of sales of the offering, [_____]3 (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from JFB Construction Holdings., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
up to [___] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Class A common stock of the Company,
par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall
be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated to be closed due to a shelter
in place, non-essential employee or similar closure of physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority if such banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open for use by customers on such
day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1
Date of the closing of the Offering.

2
Five years from the commencement of sales of the offering.

3
Five years from commencement of sales of the offering 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statements on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-283106).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 pointe Village Dr,
Ste 210, Lutz, FL 33558-5257, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is traded on OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the OTC Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of
the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Representative Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company and delivered to the purchasers thereof
pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) herein, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Original Issuance Date and on or before close of business on the
Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to
the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy
submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $5.50, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A)
= At
the Holders discretion, either (i) the last VWAP immediately preceding the time of delivery of the Notice of Exercise giving
rise to the applicable cashless exercise, as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise (to clarify, the last
VWAP will be the last VWAP as calculated over an entire Trading Day such that, in the event that this Warrant is exercised
at a time that the Trading Market is open, the prior Trading Days VWAP shall be used in this calculation) or (ii) the last
reported per share sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of delivery of the Notice of
Exercise;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earlier of: (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, all subject to
receipt of any cash payments required by the Holder (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery
of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such
Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain
a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely
due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall round up or down, as applicable, to the nearest whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon at least 61 days prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of
this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the
Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3.Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time after the issuance
of this Warrant the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all of the holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (payable otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained earnings,
as indicated by the accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company, including, without limitation,
any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant,
then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise
price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital
stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the
Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, if, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, pursuant to
the terms of this Section 3(d), the Holder shall not be entitled to receive more than one of (i) the consideration receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, or (ii) the assumption by the Successor Entity of all of the obligations of the Company under
this Warrant and the option to receive a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in
form and substance to this Warrant.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile
number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the
applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case
a notice shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
The registered Holder of this Warrant, by its acceptance hereof, agrees that in compliance
with FINRA Rule 5110 it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate this Warrant
(or the shares of Common Stock underlying this Warrant), or cause the Warrant (or the shares
of Common Stock underlying this Warrant) to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the Warrant
by any person, for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales of the Offering (Commencement
Date) to anyone other than Kingswood or an underwriter or selected dealer
in connection with the Offering, or an officer, partner, registered person or affiliate of
Kingswood or of any such underwriter or selected dealer so long as all transferred securities
remain subject to the lock-up restriction in Rule 5110(e)(1) for the remainder of the 180
days following the Commencement Date. On and after the 181st day following the Commencement
Date, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable
securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder must deliver to the
Company the assignment form attached hereto duly executed and completed, together with the
Warrant and payment of all transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company
shall within five (5) business days transfer this Warrant on the books of the Company and
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor to the appropriate assignee(s) expressly
evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Shares purchasable hereunder or
such portion of such number as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

Subject
to the foregoing, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the
principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form
attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the
making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depository), this Warrant may be divided
or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying
the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance
with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants
issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except
as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Demand Registration Rights

a) Grant
of Right. Upon written demand (Initial Demand Notice) of
the Holder(s) of at least 51% (Majority Holders) of the Warrants
and all of the securities underlying the Warrants, (collectively, the Registrable
Securities), the Company agrees to use its best efforts to register (the Demand
Registration) under the Act on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrants
requested by the Majority Holders in the Initial Demand Notice and all Registrable Securities.
On such occasion, the Company will use its best efforts to file a registration statement
or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities
as expeditiously as possible within sixty (60) days after receipt of the Initial Demand Notice
and use its best efforts to have such registration statement or post-effective amendment
declared effective as soon as possible thereafter. The demand for registration may be made
at any time during a period of five (5) years from the Commencement Date. The Initial Demand
Notice shall specify the number of shares of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold and
the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The Company will notify all holders of the
Warrants and/or Registrable Securities of the demand within ten (10) days from the date of
the receipt of any such Initial Demand Notice. Each holder of Registrable Securities who
wishes to include all or a portion of such holders Registrable Securities in the Demand
Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities in such registration,
a Demanding Holder) shall so notify the Company within fifteen
(15) days after the receipt by the holder of the notice from the Company. Upon any such request,
the Demanding Holders shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in
the Demand Registration, subject to Section 5(d). The Company shall not be required
to effect more than one (1) Demand Registrations under this Section 5 in respect of all Registrable
Securities during the five (5) year period commencing on the Commencement Date.

b) Effective
Registration. A registration will not count as a Demand Registration until the registration
statement filed with the Commission, with respect to such Demand Registration, has been declared
effective and the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Warrant with
respect thereto. The Company is not obligated to initiate a Demand Registration if a prior
Demand Registration filed with the Commission is still pending before the Commission.

c) Underwritten
Offering. If the Majority Holders so elect and such holders so advise the Company as
part of the Initial Demand Notice, the offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant to
such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an underwritten offering. In such event,
the right of any holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall
be conditioned upon such holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion
of such holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided
herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their securities through such underwriting
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters
selected for such underwriting by the Majority Holders.

d) Reduction
of Offering. If the managing underwriter or underwriters for a Demand Registration that
is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and the Demanding Holders in writing
that the dollar amount or number of shares of Registrable Securities which the Demanding
Holders desire to sell, taken together with all other shares of Common Stock or other securities
which the Company desires to sell and the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which registration
has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by
other stockholders of the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or
maximum number of shares that can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the
proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success
of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares, as applicable,
the Maximum Number of Shares), then the Company shall include
in such registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities as to which Demand Registration
has been requested by the Demanding Holders (pro rata in accordance with the number of shares
that each such person has requested be included in such registration, regardless of the number
of shares held by each such person (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro
Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (ii)
second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing
clause (i), the shares of Common Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell
that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (iii) third, to the
extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses
(i) and (ii), the shares of Common Stock or other securities for the account of other persons
that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with
such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

e) Withdrawal.
If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders disapprove of the terms of any underwriting
or are not entitled to include all of their Registrable Securities in any offering, such
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw from such offering by
giving written notice to the Company and the underwriter or underwriters of their request
to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the Commission
with respect to such Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders
withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration, then the Company does
not have to continue its obligations under Section 5, provided that, any such
withdrawal will not count as the Demand Registration if the Demanding Holders pay all of
the Companys out-of-pocket expenses, with respect to such withdrawn registration.

f) Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities,
including the reasonable expenses of one legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities, but the Holders shall pay
any and all underwriting commissions. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts
to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such states as are reasonably requested
by the Majority Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company
be required to register the Registrable Securities in a state in which such registration
would cause (i) the Company to be obligated to qualify to do business in such state, or would
subject the Company to taxation as a foreign corporation doing business in such jurisdiction
or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of the Company. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause any registration statement
or post-effective amendment filed pursuant to the demand rights granted under Section
5(a) to remain effective for a period of nine (9) consecutive months from the effective
date of such registration statement or post-effective amendment.

Section
6. Piggy-Back Registration Rights.

a) Piggy-Back
Rights. If at any time during the five (5) year period commencing on the Commencement
Date the Company proposes to file a registration statement under the Act with respect to
an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable
for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for stockholders
of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by stockholders of the Company including,
without limitation, pursuant to Section 5, other than a registration statement (i)
filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange
offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing stockholders, (iii)
for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv)
for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such
proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but in no
event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall describe
the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s)
of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any,
of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the
opportunity to register the sale of such number of shares of Registrable Securities as such
holders may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back
Registration). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included
in such registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing underwriter or
underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested
to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar
securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy-Back Registration
that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in
customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

b) Reduction
of Offering. If the managing underwriter or underwriters for a Piggy-Back Registration
that is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and the holders of Registrable
Securities in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common Stock which the
Company desires to sell, taken together with shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which
registration has been demanded pursuant to written contractual arrangements with persons
other than the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Registrable Securities as
to which registration has been requested under this Section 6, and the shares of Common
Stock, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the written contractual
piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum
Number of Shares, then the Company shall include in any such registration:

i. If
the registration is undertaken for the Companys account: (A) first, shares of Common
Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares
has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the shares of Common Stock or other
securities, if any, comprised of Registrable Securities, as to which registration has been
requested pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back registration rights of
such security holders, Pro Rata, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Shares; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of shares has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other securities for
the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written
contractual piggy-back registration rights with such persons and that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares;

ii. Intentionally
Omitted.

iii. If
the registration is a demand registration undertaken at the demand of persons
other than the holders of Registrable Securities, (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or
other securities for the account of the demanding persons that can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares
has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the shares of Common Stock or other
securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Shares; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been
reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), collectively the shares of Common Stock
or other securities comprised of Registrable Securities, Pro Rata, as to which registration
has been requested pursuant to the terms hereof that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Shares; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not
been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the shares of Common Stock or
other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register
pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons, that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

c) Withdrawal.
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for
inclusion of Registrable Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice
to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the registration
statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal
by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a registration
statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement. Notwithstanding
any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable
Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 6(d).

d) Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities,
including the reasonable expenses of one legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities but the Holders shall pay
any and all underwriting commissions related to the Registrable Securities. In the event
of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding
Registrable Securities with not less than fifteen (15) days written notice prior to the proposed
date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue
to be given for each applicable registration statement filed (during the period in which
the Warrant is exercisable) by the Company until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been registered and sold. The Holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the
piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving written notice within ten days
of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement.
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause any registration statement filed pursuant
to the above piggyback rights to remain effective for at least nine (9) months
from the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities are first given the opportunity
to sell all of such securities.

Section
7. Registration Rights General Terms.

a) Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant
to any registration statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act,
against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys
fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against
litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever whether arising out of any action
between the underwriter and the Company or between the underwriter and any third party or
otherwise) to which any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise,
arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect
as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the underwriters
contained in Section 6 of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below). The Holder(s) of
the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their
successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, its officers
and directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section
15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, against all loss, claim, damage, expense
or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which
they may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information
furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns for specific inclusion
in such registration statement or arising from any omission or the alleged omission to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statement contained
therein not misleading in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities,
to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 6 of the
Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

b) Exercise
of Warrant. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring
the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrant prior to or after the initial filing of any
registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

c) Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish Kingswood, for as long as it is a Holder,
as representative of the Holders participating in any of the foregoing offerings, a signed
counterpart, addressed to the participating Holders, of (i) an opinion of counsel to the
Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration
includes an underwritten public offering, an opinion dated the date of the closing under
any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes
an underwritten public offering, a letter dated the date of the closing under the underwriting
agreement) signed by the independent public accountants who have issued a report on the Companys
financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included
therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter, with respect to events subsequent
to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public
offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver promptly to Kingswood, as representative
of the Holders participating in the offering, the correspondence and memoranda described
below and copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel
or auditors and all memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with
respect to the registration statement and permit Kingswood, as representative of the Holders,
to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained
in or omitted from the registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply
with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access
to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company
with its officers and independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable
times and as often as Kingswood, as representative of the Holders, shall reasonably request.
The Company shall not be required to disclose any confidential information or other records
to Kingswood, as representative of the Holders, or to any other person, until and unless
such persons shall have entered into reasonable confidentiality agreements (in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company), with the Company with respect thereto.

d) Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s),
if any, selected by any Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant
to Section 5 or Section 6, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably acceptable
to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations,
warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained
in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties
to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities
and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants
of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the
benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not be required to make any representations or
warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders and their intended methods of distribution. Such Holders, however, shall
agree to such covenants and indemnification and contribution obligations for selling stockholders
as are customarily contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter.
Further, such Holders shall execute appropriate custody agreements and otherwise cooperate
fully in the preparation of the registration statement and other documents relating to any
offering in which they include securities pursuant to Section 5 or Section 6. Each
Holder shall also furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable
Securities held by it, and the intended method of disposition of such securities as shall
be reasonably required to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities.

e) Rule
144 Sale. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall
have no obligation pursuant to Sections 5 or Section 6 to use its best efforts to
obtain the registration of Registrable Securities held by any Holder (i) where such Holder
would then be entitled to sell under Rule 144 within any three-month period (or such other
period prescribed under Rule 144 as may be provided by amendment thereof) all of the Registrable
Securities then held by such Holder, or (ii) where the number of Registrable Securities held
by such Holder is within the volume limitations under paragraph (e) of Rule 144 (calculated
as if such Holder were an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144).

f) Supplemental
Prospectus. Each Holder agrees, that upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the
happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in the registration statement,
as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading
in light of the circumstances then existing, such Holder will immediately discontinue disposition
of Registrable Securities pursuant to the registration statement covering such Registrable
Securities until such Holders receipt of the copies of a supplemental or amended prospectus,
and, if so desired by the Company, such Holder shall deliver to the Company (at the expense
of the Company) or destroy (and deliver to the Company a certificate of such destruction)
all copies, other than permanent file copies then in such Holders possession, of the
prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt of such notice.

Section
7. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise, and to
receive the cash payments contemplated pursuant to Sections 2(d)(i) and 2(d)(iv), In no event, including if the Company is for any reason
unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof, shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant or cash settle in any other form.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 1300 S. Dixie Highway, Suite B, Lantana, FL 33462, Attention: Joseph F. Basile
III, Chief Executive Officer, E-mail: joe@jfbconstruction.net, or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the
Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of
the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the
time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail
address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this
Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Warrant, where this Warrant provides for
notice of any event to the Holder, if this Warrant is held in global form by DTC (or any successor depositary), such notice shall be
sufficiently given if given to DTC (or any successor depositary) pursuant to the procedures of DTC (or such successor depositary), subject
to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form, in which case this sentence shall not apply. To the extent
that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and either: (i) the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand, or (ii) the vote or written consent
of the Holders of at least 50.1% of the then outstanding Representative Warrants issued pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement dated
as of ______, 2024, between the Company, Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, and the other underwriters named therein, on the other hand,
provided that adjustments may be made to the Warrant terms and rights of this Warrant in accordance with Section 3 of this Warrant without
the consent of any Holder or beneficial owner of the Warrants.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
JFB CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: __________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:_____________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________________

Date:________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_____________, ____________ 

Holders
Signature: ___________________________ 

Holders
Address: ____________________________ 

[Signature
Guarantee]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

JFB
Construction Holdings Prices $5.16 million Initial Public Offering

Company
to begin trading on the Nasdaq Market under the symbol JFB beginning March 6, 2025

Lantana,
Fla. March 5, 2025 JFB Construction Holdings (JFB or the Company), a construction company
focused on commercial, retail and residential property development, announces the pricing of its initial public offering of 1,250,000
units (the Units), each Unit consisting of one Class A common share (the Shares) and one warrant to purchase
one Class A common share (the Warrants), at a public offering price of $4.125 per Unit (the Offering). The
Companys Shares have been approved for listing on Nasdaq. Trading is expected to begin on March 6, 2025, under the symbol JFB.
The Offering is expected to close on March 7, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Each
Warrant will have an exercise price equal to $5.50 per share, are exercisable immediately, and will expire on the fifth anniversary of
the issuance date. The Shares and Warrants are immediately separable and will be issued separately, but will be purchased together in
the Offering. In addition, the Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 187,500 additional Units, or securities
underlying the Units, from the Company to cover any over-allotments at the Offering price, less the underwriting discount.

The
gross proceeds from the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses payable by the Company, are expected
to be $5,156,250. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for business expansion, equipment purchases, strategic
investments, personnel recruitment, and general working capital.

The
Offering is being conducted on a firm commitment basis. Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC (Kingswood) is acting as representative
of the underwriters for the Offering. Austin Legal Group, APC is acting as U.S. counsel for the Company.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283106) relating to the Offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on February 14, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A preliminary prospectus
relating to the Offering has been filed with the SEC. Electronic copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained on the
SECs website at http://www.sec.gov and may also be obtained by emailing lciervo@kingswoodus.com or by calling 561-961-0505
or by standard mail to Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, 7280 W Palmetto Park Rd., Suite 301, Boca Raton, FL 33433.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
JFB Construction Holdings

JFB
Construction Holdings (JFB) offers generations of combined generational experience in residential and commercial construction
and development. Having the experience of building multifamily communities, exclusive estate & equestrian homes, and over 2 million
square feet of commercial retail and shopping centers. JFB provides hands-on, professional expertise, which has led to the quality and
production we are known for.

JFBs
reputation has been built on its clients trust and the value it brings to each project. JFB is proud that most of its projects
are obtained through 100% referrals and repeat customers, and that to-date it has provided general contracting and construction management
services in 36 U.S. states.

ABOUT
KINGSWOOD

Kingswood
is a network of wealth management firms that includes SEC-registered investment advisors and a FINRA-licensed broker-dealer, Kingswood
offers investment banking and advisory services along with comprehensive wealth management and business-building services, designed specifically
for the independent financial advisor. Together with its parent company, the Kingswood Group, Kingswood has more than $13 billion in
assets under management, and 400 registered individuals. Kingswood combines the resources and capital of a large financial services firm
with the personalized touch and feel of a boutique company. Kingswood has earned a reputation as a firm built for advisors by advisors.

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
press release contains forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements as those that are not historical
in nature, particularly those that use terminology such as may, should, expects, anticipates,
contemplates, estimates, believes, plans, projected, predicts,
potential, or hopes or the negative of these or similar terms. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these
forward-looking statements. Actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of JFB Construction. We base these
forward-looking statements on our expectations and projections about future events, which we derive from the information currently available
to us. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future performance, including statements regarding the closing
of the Offering; the use of proceeds from the sale of our shares in the Offering; and the uncertainty regarding future commercial success.
These and other factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements
are only predictions. The forward-looking statements discussed in this press release and other statements made from time to time by us
or our representatives, may not occur, and actual events and results may differ materially and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
assumptions about us, including those described in JFB Constructions prospectus filed with the SEC. We do not undertake to update
any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments, except as required by U.S. federal securities
laws.

JFB
Construction Holdings Contact:

Joseph
F. Basile, III

561-582-9840.

joe@jfbconstruction.net

Investor
Relations Contact:

CORE
IR

Mike
Mason

516
222 2560

investors@jfbcontriuction.net
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

JFB
Construction Holdings Announces Closing of

$5.16
Million Initial Public Offering

Lantana,
Fla. March 7, 2025 JFB Construction Holdings (Nasdaq: JFB), a construction company focused on commercial, retail,
and residential property development, announces that it has closed its initial public offering of 1,250,000 units at a public offering
price of $4.125 per unit. Each unit consisted of one share of Class A common stock and one Class A warrant to purchase one share of Class
A common stock. Each warrant has an exercise price equal to $5.50 per share, are exercisable immediately, and will expire on the fifth
anniversary of the issuance date. The shares and warrants are immediately separable and were issued separately, but were purchased together
in the offering.

We
view the successful completion of our initial public offering as a significant milestone in the long history of our Company, said
CEO Joseph F. Basile, III. This achievement, coupled with our Nasdaq listing, will enable our growth plans as we ramp up our commercial
construction and development segment, and expand our universe of potential investors in the public markets.

The
Company has granted to the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 187,500 additional units, or securities underlying the units,
from the Company to cover any over-allotments at the offering price, less the underwriting discount. The underwriters have exercised
their option to purchase 138,600 warrants pursuant to their over-allotment option on March 6, 2025.

The
gross proceeds to the Company from the offering were $5,156,250, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering
expenses. The Companys common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Market on March 6, 2025 under the symbol JFB.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for business expansion, equipment purchases, strategic investments, personnel
recruitment, and general working capital.

Kingswood
Capital Partners, LLC acted as representative of the underwriters for the offering.

Austin
Legal Group, APC acted as U.S. counsel for the Company.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283106) relating to the Offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on February 14, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A final prospectus
relating to the Offering has been filed with the SEC on March 7, 2025. Electronic copies of the final prospectus may be obtained on the
SECs website at http://www.sec.gov and may also be obtained by emailing lciervo@kingswoodus.com or by calling 561-961-0505
or by standard mail to Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, 7280 W Palmetto Park Rd., Suite 301, Boca Raton, FL 33433.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
JFB Construction Holdings

JFB
Construction Holdings (JFB) offers generations of combined generational experience in residential and commercial construction
and development. Having the experience of building multifamily communities, exclusive estate & equestrian homes, and over 2 million
square feet of commercial retail and shopping centers. JFB provides hands-on, professional expertise, which has led to the quality and
production we are known for.

JFBs
reputation has been built on its clients trust and the value it brings to each project.

JFB
is proud that most of its projects are obtained through 100% referrals and repeat customers, and that to-date it has provided general
contracting and construction management services in 36 U.S. states.

ABOUT
KINGSWOOD

Kingswood
is a network of wealth management firms that includes SEC-registered investment advisors and a FINRA-licensed broker-dealer, Kingswood
offers investment banking and advisory services along with comprehensive wealth management and business-building services, designed specifically
for the independent financial advisor. Together with its parent company, the Kingswood Group, Kingswood has more than $13 billion in
assets under management, and 400 registered individuals. Kingswood combines the resources and capital of a large financial services firm
with the personalized touch and feel of a boutique company. Kingswood has earned a reputation as a firm built for advisors by advisors.

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements as those that are not historical
in nature, particularly those that use terminology such as may, should, expects, anticipates,
contemplates, estimates, believes, plans, projected, predicts,
potential, or hopes or the negative of these or similar terms. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these
forward-looking statements. Actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of JFB Construction. We base these
forward-looking statements on our expectations and projections about future events, which we derive from the information currently available
to us. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future performance, including statements regarding the use of proceeds
from the sale of our shares in the Offering; and the uncertainty regarding future commercial success. These and other factors may cause
our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements are only predictions. The forward-looking
statements discussed in this press release and other statements made from time to time by us or our representatives, may not occur, and
actual events and results may differ materially and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including those described
in JFB Constructions prospectus filed with the SEC. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of
new information or future events or developments, except as required by U.S. federal securities laws.

JFB
Construction Holdings Contact:

Joseph
F. Basile, III

561-582-9840.

joe@jfbconstruction.net

Investor
Relations Contact:

CORE
IR

Mike
Mason

516
222 2560

investors@jfbcontriuction.net
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>jfb-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>jfb-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>jfb-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42538

Entity Registrant Name JFB
CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS

Entity Central Index Key 0002024306

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-2549040

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1300
S. Dixie Highway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite B

Entity Address, City or Town Lantana

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33462

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 582-9840

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol JFB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://jfbconstruction.net/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
jfb-20250305.xsd 
jfb-20250305_lab.xml 
jfb-20250305_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009645-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002024306 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002024306 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
JFB CONSTRUCTION HOLDINGS 
NV 
001-42538 
99-2549040 
1300 S. Dixie Highway 
Suite B 
Lantana 
FL 
33462 
561 
582-9840 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
JFB 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>