<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008445.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008445.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227070226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008445
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847986
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				851873463
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40730
		FILM NUMBER:		25672937

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12915 OLD VIRGINIA ROAD
		CITY:			RENO,
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 622-3448

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12915 OLD VIRGINIA ROAD
		CITY:			RENO,
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210225
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000184798600018479862025-02-262025-02-260001847986DFLI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-262025-02-260001847986DFLI:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForCommonStockMember2025-02-262025-02-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2025

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-40730 85-1873463

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

12915
Old Virginia Road

Reno,
Nevada 

89521

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (775)622-3448

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share DFLI The
Nasdaq Capital Market

Redeemable
warrants, exercisable for common stock DFLIW The
Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Definitive Material Agreement.

Registered
Direct Offering and Concurrent Private Placement

On
February 26, 2025, Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with a single institutional investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell in a registered direct offering
(the Registered Direct Offering) 180 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series
A Preferred Stock), at a price of $10,000 per share, initially convertible into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (Common Stock) of the Company, at a conversion price of $2.332 per share of Common Stock. The Series A Preferred
Stock is also convertible by the investor at the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined below), subject to the applicable Floor Price,
(as defined below). The Floor Price for the Series A Preferred Stock sold in the Registered Direct Offering is $1.00.

Concurrently
with the sale of the Series A Preferred Stock in the Registered Direct Offering, in a private placement offering pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement (the Private Placement and, together with the Registered Direct Offering, the Offerings), the Company
also agreed to sell to the investor, at the initial closing of the Private Placement, (i) an additional 170 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock at the same offering price as the Series A Preferred Stock offered in the Registered Direct Offering, initially convertible into
shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of $2.332 per share, and (ii) warrants (the Private Placement Warrants) to
purchase up to an aggregate of 4,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Private Placement Warrant Shares), with an
exercise price of $10,000 per share of Series A Preferred Stock, and a term as described below. The Floor Price for the Series A Preferred
Stock sold in the Private Placement is $0.424.

The
exercise price under each Private Placement Warrant will be $10,000 per share of Series A Preferred Stock. Each Private Placement Warrant
will be exercisable for 200 shares of Series A Preferred Stock in minimum increments of $500,000. The Private Placement Warrants will
have a term beginning on the issuance date and ending on or prior to the earlier of (i) the thirty-three (33) month anniversary of the
date the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock issued in the concurrent Private
Placement are registered for resale (Registration Effectiveness) pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) (such date, the Registration Effectiveness Date)
and (ii) (A) the consummation of a Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) and (B) the consummation of a redemption
of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock in full (the Termination Date). The exercise price and number of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise are subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of share dividends, share splits,
reorganizations or similar events affecting shares of the Common Stock.

Pursuant
to the Private Placement Warrants, the Company has a call right upon the occurrence of certain events. No earlier than two (2) months
following the Registration Effectiveness Date and (2) the most recent conversion or exercise in full of a Private Placement Warrant (each,
a Funding Date), (i) the VWAP for each of twenty (20) trading days (the Measurement Period) exceeds $3.00,
(ii) the average daily volume for such Measurement Period exceeds $300,000 per trading day, (iii) the aggregate stated value of the then
outstanding Series A Preferred Stock is less than or equal to $1,500,000, (iv) the Private Placement Warrant Shares are registered for
resale pursuant to an effective registration statement and (v) there has not been an Equity Conditions Failure (as defined in the Certificate
of Designation), then the Company may, within one (1) trading day of the end of such Measurement Period, call for cancellation of all
or any portion of the Private Placement Warrant for which a notice to exercise has not yet been delivered and require the holder to exercise
in part or in full the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock set forth in an irrevocable written notice (a Call Notice)
for consideration equal to the applicable number of Series A Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise or cancellation of the Private Placement
Warrants.

In
addition, upon receipt of Stockholder Approval (as defined below) and the Registration Effectiveness, the investor will be automatically
required to purchase (the Second Closing) an additional 450 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Second Closing
Preferred Shares). The Second Closing Preferred Shares will be identical to the Series A Preferred Stock offered in the Registered
Direct Offering and sold in the initial closing of the Private Placement, other than the conversion price and the floor price which will
be determined as described below.

The
closing of the Registered Direct Offering and the initial closing of the Private Placement (the Initial Offerings) is expected
to occur on February 27, 2025 (the Initial Closing Date).

The
net proceeds to the Company from the Initial Offerings, after deducting the placement agents fees and expenses and estimated offering
expenses, are expected to be approximately $3.2million,
excluding the net proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
for working capital and other general corporate purposes, subject to certain limitations under the Purchase Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company must hold a meeting of its stockholders not later 60 days following the Initial Closing Date to
seek such approval as may be required from the stockholders of the Company (the Stockholder Approval), in accordance with
the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market with respect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion
or exercise of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Private Placement Warrants sold in the Registered Direct Offering and the Private
Placement in excess of the Issuable Maximum (as defined below) (the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval), and to increase the number
of authorized shares of the Companys Common Stock from 250,000,000 to 400,000,000.

The
shares of Series A Preferred Stock issuable in the Registered Direct Offering, together with any shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof, are being issued pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275559) dated and declared
effective on November 24, 2023, and a base prospectus thereunder. The Company has filed a prospectus supplement to such registration
statement on February 27, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) in connection with the sale of such
securities.

The
Series A Preferred Stock being sold in the Private Placement and the Private Placement Warrants, together with any Private Placement
Warrant Shares, are being sold and issued without registration under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving a public offering and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act as sales
to accredited investors, and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws.

In
the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce
the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents or file any registration statement other
than as contemplated pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (defined below) until the later of (i) the day the Company obtains
the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval and (ii) (A) the first date on which the resale registration statement to be filed pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement is declared effective or (B) the first date on which all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 (the Applicable Date).

The
Company has also agreed, subject to certain exceptions, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Private Placement Warrants
remain outstanding, not to (i) issue any shares of Series A Preferred Stock other than as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and
the Certificate of Designation, (ii) issue any other securities (other than certain securities) that would otherwise cause a breach or
default under the Certificate of Designation, or (iii) issue any securities (other than certain securities) at an issuance price less
than the lowest Floor Price (as defined below) then in effect. The Company has also agreed, subject to certain exceptions, from the period
beginning on the date of the Purchase Agreement and ending on the 30th trading day after the Applicable Date, not to effect
a Subsequent Placement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

In
addition, the Company has agreed, subject to certain exceptions, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
not to (i) issue or sell any debt or equity securities (excluding certain securities as set forth in the Certificate of Designation)
that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional Common Stock either (A) at a
conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations
for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange
price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the Companys business or the market for the Common Stock or
(ii) enter into, or effect a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company
may issue securities at a future determined price.

The
Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification
obligations of the Company and the purchaser, including for liabilities arising under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties
and termination provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for the
purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, and may be subject
to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

The
form of the Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms of the
Purchase Agreement is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the form of such document, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Chardan
Capital Markets, LLC (Chardan) acted as exclusive placement agent for the Offerings. The Company has agreed to pay Chardan
a cash fee equal to 5.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the Offerings, or approximately $400,000. The Company will
also reimburse Chardan for actual and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, up to $2,500.

Series
A Preferred Stock

On
February 26, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of the Powers, Preferences and Relative, Participating, Optional and
Other Restrictions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Certificate of Designation) with the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada to establish the rights, privileges, preferences, and restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock. As
set forth in the Certificate of Designation, the Company designated 5,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock. The
following is a summary of the principal terms of the Certificate of Designation:

General.
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of $10,000 per share (the Series A Stated Value) and, when issued,
the Series A Preferred Stock will be fully paid and non-assessable.

Ranking.
The Series A Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the Company, ranks senior to all of the Companys capital stock, unless the Required Holder (as defined in the
Certificate of Designation) consents to the Companys creation of other capital stock that is senior or equal in rank to the Series
A Preferred Stock.

Dividends.
The holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividends, commencing from the date of issuance of the Series A Preferred
Stock, payable in cash and/or shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the Companys election. Unless the Company notifies the holders
otherwise, such dividends will be paid in kind by increasing the amount of the Series A Stated Value for the applicable shares of Series
A Preferred Stock on each dividend date by the applicable dividend amount. Such dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on the first
trading day of each fiscal quarter commencing on the first trading day of the initial fiscal quarter after the date of issuance, at the
dividend rate of 8% per year (the Dividend Rate). Upon the occurrence and continuation of a Triggering Event (as defined
in the Certificate of Designation), the Dividend Rate will increase to the lesser of 18% per year or the maximum rate permitted under
applicable law until such Triggering Event has been cured or has ceased.

Conversion
at Option of Holder. At any time from and after the first date of issuance of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below) and the Issuable Maximum, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock may convert
all, or any part, of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, at such holders option, into Common Stock at a conversion rate
equal to the quotient of (i) the Conversion Amount (as defined below), divided by (ii) the Conversion Price (as defined below), subject
to the Floor Price.

Voluntary
Adjustment Right. Subject to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, the Company has the right, at any time, with the written consent
of the Required Holder, to lower the fixed conversion price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Companys
board of directors.

Alternate
Conversion at the Holders Election. At the holders option, at any time, the holder may convert (an Alternate
Conversion) some or all of such holders Series A Preferred Stock, at a conversion price equal to the lower
of (i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on the date of such Alternate Conversion, and (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price
and (y) 90% of the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) of the Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive trading
day period ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable conversion notice
as set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the Alternate Conversion Price).

With
respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of the applicable date of determination, the Conversion Amount is
equal to the sum of (1) 120% of (i) the Series A Stated Value plus (ii) all declared and unpaid dividends on such shares as of such date
of determination plus (2) any other amounts thereon owed to such holder, pursuant to this Certificate of Designations or any other Transaction
Document (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) that have not otherwise been paid or satisfied.

The
Conversion Price is equal to: (i) with respect to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued in the Registered Direct
Offering and at the initial closing of the Private Placement, $2.332 per share (the Initial Conversion Price); (ii) with
respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock funded on the Second Closing or issued upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant,
other than pursuant to the holders right to exercise when certain equity conditions have been waived which is set forth under clauses
(iii) and (iv) below, as of any date of conversion (Conversion Date) or other date of determination, the lower of (x) the
Initial Conversion Price and (y) 110% of the last closing trade price (the Closing Sale Price) on the trading day immediately
preceding the Second Closing, any applicable Funding Date (as defined in each Private Placement Warrant) or any applicable Exercise Date
(as defined in each Private Placement Warrant), as the case may be; (iii) with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock issued
upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant, the lower of (A) $3.50 and (B) 110% of the Closing Sale Price on the trading day immediately
preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Exercise Notice or Call Notice (each as defined below) (as the case may be);
and (iv) with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock issued upon exercise of a Private Placement Warrant at any time following
the Registration Effectiveness Date when the Closing Sale Price exceeds $10.00 for twenty (20) consecutive trading days, as of any date
of conversion or other date of determination, 110% of the Closing Sale Price on the trading day immediately preceding the delivery or
deemed delivery of the applicable Exercise Notice or Call Notice (as the case may be), in each case, subject to adjustment; provided,
that subsections (iii) and (iv) shall only apply in the event that certain equity conditions specified in the Private Placement Warrant
are not met on the applicable Funding Date (as defined below). The Conversion Price is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence
of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar transactions and as set forth below under Other Adjustments
below.

The
Floor Price is equal to (i) for any Series A Preferred Stock offered by the Registered Direct Offering $1.00, (ii) for
any Series A Preferred Stock sold in the initial closing of the Private Placement $0.424 (20% of the Nasdaq Minimum Price of the Common
Stock (as defined by Nasdaq) as of the trading day prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement), and (iii) for any Series A Preferred
Stock issued after the initial closing of the Private Placement, including the Second Closing, 20% of the Nasdaq Minimum Price
of the Common Stock as of the trading day ended immediately prior to the date the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued; provided,
that if the Floor Price then in effect is higher than the Adjusted Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) on any
date following the six (6) month anniversary of the initial date of issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, then the Required Holder
may elect to reduce the Floor Price to the Adjusted Floor Price, subject to approval of Nasdaq. The Floor Price and the Adjusted Floor
Price are each subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or similar
transactions.

Other
Adjustments. Until the Company has obtained the Stockholder Approval, the Company may not issue, upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock and certain related transactions, a number of shares of Common Stock which would exceed 1,450,489 shares of Common
Stock in the aggregate, which amount is equal to 19.99% of the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on February 26, 2025, subject
to adjustment for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like (the Issuable Maximum). The Issuable
Maximum shall be applied collectively, when any conversions of Series A Preferred Stock are aggregated together with all shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exchange of any securities issued in certain related transactions to the Offerings. If, at any time
on or after the date of the Purchase Agreement, the Company issues any shares of Common Stock for a consideration per share (the New
Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance, the Conversion Price
shall be reduced to the New Issuance Price.

Purchase
Rights. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any options, convertible securities, or rights to purchase stock, warrants,
securities or other property pro rata to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase
Rights), then each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase
Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such holder could have acquired if such holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock
acquirable upon complete conversion of all the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder immediately prior to the date as of which
the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights at the Alternate
Conversion Price, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

Liquidation
Preference. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock carries a liquidation preference equal to the greater of (A) the conversion of
such Series A Preferred Stock on the date of such payment and (B) the amount per share such holder would receive if such holder converted
such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately prior to the date of such payment.

Mandatory
Redemption Triggering Event. Upon any Mandatory Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), the Company shall
immediately redeem in cash all amounts due under the Series A Preferred Stock at a redemption price equal to the Conversion Amount to
be redeemed.

Voting
Rights. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either
as a separate series or class or together with any other series or class of shares of capital stock, and shall not be entitled to call
a meeting of such holders for any purpose nor shall they be entitled to participate in any meeting of the holders of Common Stock, except
as provided in the Certificate of Designation (or as otherwise required by applicable law). The Company may not take the following actions
without the prior consent of the Required Holder: (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series
A Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Series A Certificate of Designation, (b) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to
dividends, redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation (as defined in the Series A Certificate of Designations) senior to,
or otherwise pari passu with, the Series A Preferred Stock, or any junior stock that has a maturity date or other date requiring
redemption or repayment of such shares of junior stock that is prior to the 91st calendar day after the date no shares of Series A Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, (c) amend the Companys articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely
affects any rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, (d) increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Series
A Preferred Stock, (e) pay dividends or make any other distribution on any shares of Common Stock, (f) purchase or redeem any capital
stock junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, (g) issue any shares of Series A Preferred Stock other than as contemplated by the Certificate
of Designation, Purchase Agreement or Private Placement Warrants or (g) otherwise circumvent a right of the Series A Preferred Stock
set forth under the Certificate of Designation.

Change
of Control Exchange. Upon a change of control of the Company, each holder may require the Company to exchange such holders
shares of Series A Preferred Stock for consideration equal to the Conversion Amount (or (1) the Series A Stated Value thereof plus (2)
all declared and unpaid dividends on such shares as of such date of determination plus (3) any other amounts thereon owed to such holder,
pursuant to the Certificate of Designation or any other Transaction Document that have not otherwise been paid or satisfied, in the case
of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock funded following the Announcement Time (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) but prior
to the date of the change of control.

Company
Optional Redemption. Under the Certificate of Designation, the Company has the right, at any time, to redeem all or part of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (a Company Optional Redemption) by delivering a written notice to each holder
of Series A Preferred Stock (such delivery date, the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date). The shares of Series A Preferred
Stock subject to redemption will be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the Conversion Amount, subject in certain
instances at a price equal to the Stated Value, being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date. If a Triggering
Event has occurred and is continuing on the date the Company Optional Redemption takes effect, such price will equal the greater of (i)
the Conversion Amount being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate
(as defined in the Certificate of Designation) with respect to the Conversion Amount being redeemed as of such date multiplied by (2)
the average of the five (5) highest daily VWAPs of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the date preceding such Company Optional
Redemption Notice Date and ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire payment required.

Fundamental
Transactions. The Certificate of Designation prohibits the Company from entering specified fundamental transactions (including, without
limitation, mergers, business combinations and similar transactions) unless the Company (or its successor) assumes in writing all of
the Companys obligations under the Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents or otherwise redeem the then
outstanding Series A Preferred Stock in full.

Covenants.
The Certificate of Designation contains a variety of obligations on the Companys part not to engage in specified activities. In
particular, the Company will not, and will cause its subsidiaries to not, redeem, repurchase or declare any dividend or distribution
on any of its capital stock (other than as required under the Certificate of Designation) and will not incur any indebtedness (other
than Permitted Indebtedness, as defined in the Purchase Agreement), enter into any transactions with affiliates, or incur any liens,
in each case without the prior written consent of the Required Holder and subject to certain exceptions, as applicable. In addition,
the Company will not issue any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or issue any other securities that would cause a breach or default
under the Certificate of Designation or any securities at a price less than the Floor Price then in effect.

Reservation
Requirements. So long as any Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the Company has agreed to at all times reserve at least
100% of the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of all Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is restricted from acquiring shares of Common Stock upon conversion
thereof that would result in the number of shares beneficially owned by such holder and its affiliates exceeding 4.99% of the total number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the conversion (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. Rather, the number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued will be rounded up to the nearest whole number.

The
summaries of the terms of the Certificate of Designation and the Private Placement Warrants herein are subject to, and qualified in their
entirety by, the Certificate of Designation and the form of Private Placement Warrant, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit
4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Registration
Rights Agreement

In
connection with the Offerings, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Registration
Rights Agreement), with the investor named therein, pursuant to which the Company will undertake to file, within 50 calendar days
following the Initial Closing Date, a registration statement to register the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock; and to cause such and to cause such registration statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act
as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than 75 days following the Initial Closing Date (or 120 days
if such registration statement is subject to SEC review). The Company shall use its best efforts to keep such registration statement
continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement
have been sold or are otherwise able to be sold pursuant to Rule 144, in each case subject to certain Allowable Grace Periods (as defined
in the Registration Rights Agreement) and any restrictions pursuant to Rule 415. In addition, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will
be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights in the event there is not an effective registration statement on file covering the
Registrable Securities as set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and such Registrable Securities are not otherwise eligible for
resale under Rule 144 without restriction.

The
form of the Registration Rights Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms
of this document is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Support
Agreement

On
February 26, 2025, the Company and Denis Phares, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, entered into a Support Agreement (the Support
Agreement), by which Dr. Phares agreed to vote in favor of a proposal to obtain the Stockholder Approval and to vote against any
proposal that would result in the breach of any representation or warranty under the Transaction Documents, or otherwise result in any
of the Companys obligations under the Transaction Documents from being fulfilled.

The
Support Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms of this document is
subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Fifth
Amendment to Term Loan Agreement

As
a condition precedent to the closing of the Initial Offerings, on February 26, 2025, the Company, Dragonfly Energy Corp. and Battle Born
Battery Products, LLC entered into the Fifth Amendment (the Fifth Amendment) to its Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement
(as amended, the Term Loan Agreement) with the lenders (the Lenders) with respect to the Companys
senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan). Under the Fifth Amendment, the Lenders have agreed to, among other matters
(i) receive no principal or interest payments under the Term Loan Agreement through March 31, 2026, and (ii) remove certain financial
covenant tests under the Term Loan, provided that the Company will maintain cash and cash equivalents equal to at least $2.5 million
through such date.

Pursuant
to the Fifth Amendment, the Company agreed to make certain mandatory prepayments on the Term Loan upon the occurrence of certain events.
The Company is obligated to make a mandatory prepayment of the term loan equal to (i) 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain equity
issuances by the Company made on or after the announcement of a Change of Control (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), and (ii) 20%
of the net cash proceeds of certain equity issuances by the Company made prior to the announcement of a Change of Control.

In
connection with the entry into the Fifth Amendment, the Company agreed to issue to the Lenders 330,000 penny warrants (the February
2025 Penny Warrants) to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share on the Initial Closing Date in
connection with the waiver of the antidilution provisions in the existing penny warrants held by the Lenders with respect to the shares
of Series A Preferred Stock issued at the closing of the Registered Direct Offering and the initial closing of the Private Placement.
The Company also agreed to increase the number of shares subject to the Warrant Issuance Shareholder Approval (as defined in the Term
Loan Agreement) from 1,400,000 to 3,130,000. Further, the Company and the Lenders agreed to waive the antidilution provisions in the
existing penny warrants held by the Lenders with respect to the Private Placement Warrants issued at the initial closing of the Private
Placement and the shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued at the Second Closing on the condition that the Company will issue to the
Lenders a number of penny warrants which will be determined by the parties within five (5) trading days after the end of each fiscal
quarter after the Applicable Date.

The
summaries of the terms of the Fifth Amendment and the February 2025 Penny Warrants herein are subject to, and qualified in their entirety
by, the Certificate of Designation and the form of February 2025 Penny Warrant, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 10.4 and Exhibit
4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth above in Item 1.01 with respect to the Private Placement and the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Private
Placement Warrants issued in the Private Placement and with respect to the February 2025 Penny Warrants is hereby incorporated by reference
into this Item 3.02. The issuance of (i) the Series A Preferred Stock, the Private Placement Warrants and any related shares of Common
Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock issuable in the Private Placement and (ii) the February 2025 Penny Warrants and the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof will be made pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving
a public offering and Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to accredited investors, and in reliance on similar exceptions
under applicable state laws.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The
information set forth above in Item 1.01 with respect to the Certificate of Designation is hereby incorporated by reference into this
Item 5.03.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 27, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing, among other things, the entry into the transactions described herein.
A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The
information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the information set forth in Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished
and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall such information or Exhibit 99.1
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth
by specific reference in such a filing.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

The
Company is including the below update to its risk factors, for the purpose of supplementing and updating the disclosure contained in
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024, as amended by the Form
10-K/A on April 29, 2024, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2024,
for the period ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2024, and for the period ended September 30, 2024, filed with the
SEC on November 14, 2024.

Risks
Related to the Registered Direct Offering

If
the Company sells shares of its Common Stock in future financings, stockholders may experience immediate dilution and, as a result, the
Companys stock price may decline.

To
raise additional capital, the Company may in the future offer additional shares of its Common Stock or other securities convertible into
or exchangeable for the Companys Common Stock at prices that may not be the same as the effective offering price per share of
Common Stock in the Registered Direct Offering. Subject to the restrictions set forth in the Certificate of Designation and the Purchase
Agreement, the Company may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the effective
offering price per share paid by investors in the Registered Direct Offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in
the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which the Company sells additional shares of its
Common Stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price
per share paid by investors in the Registered Direct Offering (on a fully-converted basis). Furthermore, sales of a substantial number
of shares of the Companys Common Stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the
market price of its Common Stock.

Upon
Stockholder Approval and the Registration Effectiveness under the Securities Act, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Private Placement Warrant Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants issued in the Private
Placement will be freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act. Future sales of the Companys Common Stock in the
public market, or the availability of such shares for sale in the public market, could adversely affect market prices prevailing from
time to time.

Stockholders
may experience dilution of their ownership interest due to the issuance of additional shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock, especially since the Series A Preferred Stock has fluctuating conversion rates that are set at a discount to
the market price of the Companys Common Stock during the period immediately prior to conversion.

The
Company has raised approximately $3.5 million in financing through the issuance of, among other securities, shares of Series A Preferred
Stock in the Registered Direct Offering and the initial closing of the concurrent Private Placement, and expects to issue an additional
$4.5 million of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon Stockholder Approval and the Registration Effectiveness and may issue
additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants for up to $40,000,000. The shares of Series
A Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of the Companys Common Stock, subject to certain conditions and limitations, at
the lesser of (i) the Conversion Price and (ii) 90% of the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days prior to exercise, subject to the floor
price set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock. This could result in material dilution to existing stockholders of the Company. Because
the conversion price is based upon a discount to the trading price of the Companys Common Stock at the time of conversion, the
number of shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted may increase without an upper bound, subject to the floor price
of the respective series of the Series A Preferred Stock. If the trading prices of the Companys Common Stock is low when the conversion
price of the Series A Preferred Stock is determined, the Company would be required to issue a greater number of shares of Common Stock
to the holder, which could cause substantial dilution to its stockholders. In addition, if the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock
converts and then sells the Companys Common Stock, this could result in an imbalance of supply and demand for the Companys
Common Stock and reduce its stock price in the market significantly. The further the Companys stock price declines, the further
the adjustment of the conversion price will fall and the greater the number of shares of Common Stock the Company will have to issue
upon conversion, resulting in further dilution to its stockholders. Market price-based conversion formulas, like the one contained in
the Series A Preferred Stock can lead to dramatic stock price reductions and corresponding negative effects on both the Company and is
stockholders.

There
is no public market for the Series A Preferred Stock being offered by the Company in the Registered Direct Offering.

There
is no established public trading market for the Series A Preferred Stock, and the Company does not expect a market to develop. In addition,
the Company does not intend to apply to list the Series A Preferred Stock on any national securities exchange or other nationally recognized
trading system. Without an active market, the liquidity of the Series A Preferred Stock will be limited.

Holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby will have no rights as common shareholders with respect to the Common Stock underlying
the Series A Preferred Stock until such holders convert such Series A Preferred Stock and acquire the Companys Common Stock.

Until
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock acquire the Companys Common Stock upon exercise thereof, such holders will have no rights
with respect to the Common Stock underlying such Series A Preferred Stock. Upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, the holders
will be entitled to exercise the rights of a common stockholder only as to matters for which the record date occurs after the conversion
date.

Risks
Related to the Series A Preferred Stock

After
the Registered Direct Offering, the Company will have Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. The Companys articles of incorporation
authorizes its board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by its stockholders, which could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of the Companys Common Stock.

The
Companys board of directors (the Board) has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences
of preferred stock. The Board also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval.

After
the Registered Direct Offering and the initial closing of the Private Placement, the Company will initially have 350 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock outstanding, with the Series A Stated Value per share, which will be initially convertible, subject to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation and the Issuable Maximum (such Issuable Maximum applied collectively when any conversions of Series A Preferred
Stock are aggregated together with all shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of certain related transactions described herein),
at the holders option at any time, into an aggregate of up to 1,500,858 shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of $2.332,
subject to specified adjustments for stock splits, cash or stock dividends, reorganizations, reclassifications other similar events as
set forth in the Certificate of Designation. The Series A Preferred Stock is also convertible at an adjusted conversion price, subject
to a floor, as set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

The
Companys Series A Preferred Stock gives its holders, subject to the preference and priority to the holders of its Common Stock,
the preferred right to receive dividends, commencing from the date of issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred
Stock provides for dividends, payable quarterly in arrears in cash or shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at the dividend rate of 8%
per annum.

Under
the Certificate of Designation, each share of Series A Preferred Stock carries a liquidation preference equal to the greater of (A) the
Conversion Amount, as defined in the Certificate of Designation, of such Series A Preferred Stock on the date of such payment and (B)
the amount per share such holder would receive if such holder converted such Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately prior
to the date of such payment.

The
Companys obligations to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock could limit its ability to obtain additional financing or
increase its borrowing costs, which could have an adverse effect on its financial condition and hinder the accomplishment of its corporate
goals.

In
addition to the Series A Preferred Stock, the Board could authorize the issuance of additional series of preferred stock with such rights
preferential to the rights of the Companys Common Stock, including the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater
voting power than its Common Stock or that is convertible into its Common Stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of the
Companys Common Stock or result in dilution to its existing stockholders.

Investors
will have no rights with respect to the Companys Common Stock until their shares of Series A Preferred Stock are converted, but
investors may be adversely affected by certain changes made with respect to the Companys Common Stock.

Investors
will have no rights with respect to the Companys Common Stock, including voting rights, rights to respond to Common Stock tender
offers, if any, and rights to receive dividends or other distributions on shares of the Companys Common Stock, if any, prior to
the conversion date with respect to a conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, but an investors investment in the Series A
Preferred Stock may be negatively affected by these events. Upon conversion, investors will be entitled to exercise the rights of a holder
of shares of the Companys Common Stock only as to matters for which the record date occurs on or after the conversion date. For
example, in the event that an amendment is proposed to the Companys articles of incorporation or its bylaws requiring stockholder
approval and the record date for determining the stockholders of record entitled to vote on the amendment occurs prior to the conversion
date, investors will not be entitled to vote on the amendment (subject to certain limited exceptions, unless it would adversely affect
the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock), although investors will nevertheless
be subject to any changes in the powers, preferences or special rights of the Companys Common Stock, even if the investors
Series A Preferred Stock has been converted into shares of the Companys Common Stock prior to the effective date of such change.

Conversion
and exercise, as applicable, of certain of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Private Placement Warrants are contingent upon
stockholder approval.

To
ensure that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock to cover all of the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to the Registered Direct Offering and the concurrent Private Placement
and upon the exercise in full of all of the Private Placement Warrants issued in the concurrent Private Placement, the Company has agreed
to seek stockholder approval for an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 250,000,000 to 400,000,000.

In
addition, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, stockholder approval is required for the issuance of any shares of Common Stock in excess
of 1,450,489 shares of Common Stock in the aggregate, referred to herein as the Issuable Maximum, which amount is
equal to 19.99% of the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on February 26, 2025. The Company will apply the Issuable Maximum
collectively, with conversions processed in the order in which it receives them, aggregating shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of Series A Preferred Stock together with all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any securities issued in certain related
transactions to the Registered Direct Offering and the Private Placement.

Accordingly,
the Company is required pursuant to the Purchase Agreement relating to the Registered Direct Offering and the concurrent Private Placement
to hold a meeting of its stockholders within 60 days after the closing date for the Registered Direct Offering (the Meeting Deadline)
to seek Stockholder Approval.

The
Companys stockholders may reject such proposals, which could delay or prevent the ability of holders to convert all of their shares
of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock.

In
the event the Stockholder Approval is not received on or prior to the Meeting Deadline, the Company must hold an additional meeting of
its stockholders every sixty (60) days thereafter until the Stockholder Approval is obtained.

Safe
Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements

Certain
statements contained in this communication may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements
that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including statements containing the words predicts, plans,
expects, anticipates, believes, goal, target, estimate,
potential, may, might, could, see, seek, forecast,
and similar words. Forward-looking statements are based on the Companys current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties
which are, in many instances, beyond the Companys control, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
included in or contemplated or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the risks,
uncertainties and factors detailed in the Companys filings with the SEC, including in the Companys Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024. As a result of such risks, uncertainties and
factors, the Companys actual results may differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements discussed in or
implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein. The Company is providing the information in this communication as of this
date and assumes no obligations to update the information included in this communication or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Designation of the Powers, Preferences and Relative, Participating, Optional and Other Restrictions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company.

4.1 Form of Private Placement Warrant.

4.2 Form of February 2025 Penny Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Parsons, Behle & Latimer.

10.1* Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 26, 2025, by and between the Company and the investor listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto.

10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 26, 2025, by and between the Company and the investor listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto.

10.3 Support Agreement, dated February 26, 2025, by and between the Company and the stockholder signatory thereto.

10.4* Fifth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, by and among the Company, Dragonfly Energy Corp., Battle Born Battery Products, LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC.

99.1 Press Release dated February 27, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

*
Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or
exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request.

Signature

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

Dated:
February 27, 2025 By: /s/
Denis Phares

Name:
Denis
Phares

Title: Chief
Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION

OF RIGHTS AND PREFERENCES OF

SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

OF

DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

I,
Denis Phares, hereby certify that I am the President and Chief Executive Officer of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (the Company),
a corporation organized and existing under the Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS), and further do hereby certify:

That
pursuant to the authority expressly conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) by the Companys
Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation), the Board on February 26, 2025 adopted
the following resolution determining it desirable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders for the Company to create
a series of five thousand (5,000) shares of preferred stock designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,
none of which shares have been issued as of the date hereof, to be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined in below), in
accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

RESOLVED,
that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board, in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, a series of
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company be and hereby is created pursuant to this certificate of designation (this
Certificate of Designation), and that the designation and number of shares established pursuant hereto and the voting
and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such series and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof are as follows:

TERMS
OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

1. Designation
and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and established a series of preferred stock of the Company designated as Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock). The authorized number of shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares) shall be five thousand (5,000) shares. Each Preferred
Share shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in Section
32 below.

2. Ranking.
Except to the extent that the Required Holder expressly consents to the creation of Parity Stock (as defined below) or Senior Preferred
Stock (as defined below) in accordance with Section 16, all shares of capital stock of the Company shall be junior in rank to all Preferred
Shares with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of
the Company (such junior stock is referred to herein collectively as Junior Stock). For the avoidance of doubt,
the Preferred Shares will, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution, rank (A) junior to
the Senior Preferred Stock, (B) on parity with the Parity Stock and (C) senior to the Junior Stock. The rights of all such shares of
capital stock of the Company shall be subject to the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of the Preferred Shares. Without limiting
any other provision of this Certificate of Designation, without the prior express consent of the Required Holder, voting separately as
a single class, the Company shall not hereafter authorize or issue any additional or other shares of capital stock that is (i) of senior
rank to the Preferred Shares in respect of the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the Company (collectively, the Senior Preferred Stock), (ii) of pari passu rank to the Preferred
Shares in respect of the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of
the Company (collectively, the Parity Stock) or (iii) any Junior Stock having a maturity date or any other date
requiring redemption or repayment of such shares of Junior Stock that is prior to the ninety-first calendar day after the date no Preferred
Shares remain outstanding. In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, unless the Company
redeems the outstanding Preferred Shares in full pursuant to Section 9, the Preferred Shares shall maintain their relative rights, powers,
designations, privileges and preferences provided for herein and no such merger or consolidation shall result inconsistent therewith.

3. Dividends.
In addition to Section 7, Section 8 and/or Section 15 below, from and after the first date of issuance of any Preferred Shares (the Initial
Issuance Date), and at all times subject to the restrictions set forth in NRS 78, including but not limited to NRS 78.288,
each holder of a Preferred Share (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders) shall be entitled
to receive dividends (Dividends), which Dividends shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual
number of days elapsed in each month and shall be payable in arrears on the first Trading Day of each Fiscal Quarter (each, an Dividend
Date) with the first Dividend Date being the first Trading Day of the initial Fiscal Quarter commencing after the Initial
Issuance Date.

(a) Out
of funds legally available for the payment of dividends or as otherwise legally permitted, at all times in accordance with restrictions
set forth under Nevada law, including but not limited to NRS 78.288, dividends shall be payable on each Dividend Date, to each record
holder of Preferred Shares on the applicable Dividend Date, in cash (Cash Dividend); provided however, that the
Company may, at its option following notice to each Holder, instead add the amount of Dividends payable on such Dividend Date to the
aggregate Stated Value of such Holders Preferred Share (PIK Dividends) on the applicable Dividend Date or
elect a combination of Cash Dividends and PIK Dividends. The Company shall deliver a written notice (each, an Dividend Election
Notice) to each Holder of the Preferred Shares on or prior to the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately prior to
the applicable Dividend Date (each, an Dividend Notice Due Date) (the date such notice is delivered to all of the
Holders, the Dividend Notice Date) which notice either (A) confirms that Dividend to be paid on such Dividend Date
shall be paid entirely in Cash Dividends or (B) elects to effect a PIK Dividend or a combination of Cash Dividends and PIK Dividends
and specifies the amount of Dividend that shall be a Cash Dividend and the amount of Dividend, if any, that shall be a PIK Dividend.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, until such time as the Company notifies each Holder of a change in such election, the Dividend payments
hereunder shall be paid as PIK Dividends. In the event the Company elects to change such election to a Cash Dividend or combination of
Cash Dividends and PIK Dividends, in accordance with the provisions above, the Company shall notify the Holder prior to the fifth (5th)
Trading Day immediately prior to the applicable Dividend Date on which the Company elects to make a Dividend payment hereunder as a Cash
Dividend or a combination of Cash Dividends and PIK Dividends.

2

(b) Prior
to the payment of Dividends on a Dividend Date, Dividends on the Preferred Shares shall accrue at the Dividend Rate and be payable by
way of inclusion of the Dividends in the Conversion Amount on each Conversion Date in accordance with Section 4(b) or upon any redemption
in accordance with Section 9 or upon any required payment upon any Mandatory Redemption Triggering Event, subject at all times to and
except as may be restricted by Nevada law, including NRS 78.288. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Triggering
Event, the Dividend Rate in effect with respect to such determination shall automatically be increased to the lesser of 18% per annum
or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law (the Default Rate). In the event that such Triggering Event is
subsequently cured (and no other Triggering Event then exists (including, without limitation, for the Companys failure to pay
such Dividends at the Default Rate on the applicable Dividend Date)), the adjustment referred to in the preceding sentence shall cease
to be effective as of the calendar day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the Dividends as calculated and unpaid
at such increased rate during the continuance of such Triggering Event shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after
the occurrence of such Triggering Event through and including the date of such cure of such Triggering Event.

4. Conversion.
At any time after the Initial Issuance Date, each Preferred Share shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 4.

(a) Holders
Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(d), at any time or times on or after the Initial Issuance Date, each Holder
shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding Preferred Shares held by such Holder into validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable Conversion Shares in accordance with Section 4(c) at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The Company shall not issue
any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of
Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any
and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer
Agent) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Preferred Shares.

(b) Conversion
Rate. Except as otherwise provided herein, the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of any Preferred Share pursuant
to this Section 4 shall be determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount of such Preferred Share by (y) the Conversion Price (the
Conversion Rate).

For
purposes of this Certificate of Designation, the term Conversion Amount means, with respect to each Preferred Share,
as of the applicable date of determination, the sum of (1) 120% of the sum of (A) the Stated Value thereof plus (B) any Additional
Amount thereon as of such date of determination plus (2) any other amounts thereon owed to such Holder, pursuant to this Certificate
of Designation or any other Transaction Document that have not otherwise been paid or satisfied.

3

For
purposes of this Certificate of Designation, the term Conversion Price means, (i) with respect to each Preferred
Share funded on the Initial Issuance Date as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, $2.332 (the Initial Conversion
Price), (ii) with respect to each Preferred Share funded on or after the Holdback Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
or issued upon exercise of an Incremental Warrant, other than pursuant to the holders right to exercise of the Incremental Warrant
when certain equity conditions have been waived, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, the lower of (x) the Initial
Conversion Price and (y) 110% of the Closing Sale Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Holdback Date, any applicable Funding
Date (as defined in the Incremental Warrant) or any applicable Exercise Date (as defined in the Incremental Warrant), as the case may
be, (iii) with respect to each Preferred Share issued upon exercise of an Incremental Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement),
as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, the lower of (A) $3.50 and (B) 110% of the Closing Sale Price on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Exercise Notice or Call Notice (each as defined in the Incremental
Warrant) (as the case may be) and (iv) with respect to each Preferred Share issued upon exercise of an Incremental Warrant at any time
following the Registration Effectiveness Date when the Closing Sale Price exceeds $10.00 for twenty (20) consecutive Trading Days, as
of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, 110% of the Closing Sale Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the delivery
or deemed delivery of the applicable Exercise Notice or Call Notice (each as defined in the Incremental Warrant) (as the case may be),
in each case, subject to adjustment as provided herein; provided, that subsections (iii) and (iv) shall only apply in the event that
the equity conditions specified in Section 2(c)(iv) of the Incremental Warrant are not met on the applicable Funding Date.

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion. The conversion of each Preferred Share shall be conducted in the following manner:

(i) Optional
Conversion. To convert one or more Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares on any date (a Conversion Date),
a Holder shall deliver (whether via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date,
a copy of an executed notice of conversion of the Preferred Share(s) subject to such conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
I (the Conversion Notice) to the Company. If required by Section 4(c)(ii), within two (2) Trading Days following
a conversion of any such Preferred Shares as aforesaid, such Holder shall surrender to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service
for delivery to the Company the original certificates, if any, representing the Preferred Shares (the Preferred Share Certificates)
so converted as aforesaid (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to the Preferred Shares in the case of its loss, theft or destruction
as contemplated by Section 18(b)). On the first (1st) Trading Day following receipt of a Conversion Notice; provided, such
Conversion Notice is received by 4:00 p.m. New York time on a Trading Day, otherwise on the second (2nd) Trading Day following
receipt of such Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit by electronic mail an acknowledgment of confirmation and representation
as to whether such shares of Common Stock may then be resold pursuant to Rule 144 or Section 4(a)(1) of the 1933 Act or an effective
and available registration statement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II, of receipt of such Conversion Notice to
such Holder and the Transfer Agent, which confirmation shall constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process such Conversion
Notice in accordance with the terms set forth herein. On or before the First (1st) Trading Day following each date on which the Company
has received a Conversion Notice; provided, such Conversion Notice is received by 4:00 p.m. New York time on a Trading Day, otherwise
on the second (2nd) Trading Day following receipt of such Conversion Notice (the Share Delivery Deadline),
the Company shall (1) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast
Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST) and such shares of Common Stock (i) (A) may then be sold by the
applicable Holder pursuant to an available and effective registration statement and (B) such Holder provides such documentation or other
information evidencing the sale of the shares of Common Stock as the Company, the Transfer Agent or legal counsel to the Company shall
reasonably request (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the requirement of a medallion guarantee) or (ii) may be sold
by such Holder pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Act, as applicable, including the requirements under Rule 144(i) or Section 4(a)(1) of
the 1933 Act (the Resale Eligibility Conditions), credit such aggregate number of Conversion Shares to which such
Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to such Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through
its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system, or (2) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST or the Resale Eligibility Conditions
are not satisfied, upon the request of such Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in
such Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of such Holder or its designee, for the number of Conversion Shares to
which such Holder shall be entitled. If the number of Preferred Shares represented by the Preferred Share Certificate(s) submitted for
conversion pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) is greater than the number of Preferred Shares being converted, then the Company shall, as soon
as practicable and in no event later than two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the Preferred Share Certificate(s) and at its own expense,
issue and mail to such Holder (or its designee) by overnight courier service a new Preferred Share Certificate or a new Book-Entry (in
either case, in accordance with Section 18(d)) representing the number of Preferred Shares not converted. The Person or Persons entitled
to receive the Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion of Preferred Shares shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder
or holders of such Conversion Shares on the Conversion Date; provided, that such Person shall be deemed to have waived any voting rights
of any such Conversion Shares that may arise during the period commencing on such Conversion Date, through, and including, such applicable
Share Delivery Deadline, as necessary, such that the aggregate voting rights of any Common Stock (including such Conversion Shares) beneficially
owned by such Person and/or any of its Attribution Parties, collectively, on any such date of determination shall not exceed the Maximum
Percentage (as defined below) as a result of any such conversion of such applicable Preferred Shares with respect thereto. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Holder delivers a Conversion Notice to the Company prior to the date of issuance of Preferred Shares to such Holder,
whereby such Holder elects to convert such Preferred Shares pursuant to such Conversion Notice, the Share Delivery Deadline with respect
to any such Conversion Notice shall be the later of (x) the first (1st) Trading Day after the date of issuance of such Preferred
Shares and (y) the first (1st) Trading Day after the date of such Conversion Notice; provided, such Conversion Notice is received by
4:00 p.m. New York time on a Trading Day, otherwise on the second (2nd) Trading Day following receipt of such Conversion Notice.

4

(ii) Companys
Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery
Deadline, if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST or the Resale Eligibility Conditions are not satisfied, to issue and deliver
to such Holder (or its designee) a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled and register such
Conversion Shares on the Companys share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST and the Resale Eligibility
Conditions are satisfied, to credit such Holders or its designees balance account with DTC for such number of Conversion
Shares to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion of any Conversion Amount (as the case may be) (each, a Conversion
Failure), and if on or after such Share Delivery Deadline such Holder acquires (in an open market transaction, stock loan
or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion
that such Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company in connection with such Conversion Failure
(a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to such Holder, the Company shall, within one (1)
Business Day after receipt of such Holders request and in such Holders discretion, either: (I) pay cash to such Holder
in an amount equal to such Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, stock loan costs and other out-of-pocket
expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so acquired (including, without limitation, by any other Person in respect, or on behalf,
of such Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate
(and to issue such Conversion Shares) or credit to the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable,
with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion hereunder (as the case
may be) (and to issue such Conversion Shares) shall terminate, or (II) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and deliver to such
Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders
designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion
hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to such Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product
of (x) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during
the period commencing on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this
clause (II) (each, a Buy-In Payment Amount). In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Share Delivery
Deadline the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST or the Resale Eligibility Conditions are not satisfied, the Company shall fail
to issue and deliver to such Holder (or its designee) a certificate and register such Conversion Shares on the Companys share
register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in the FAST and the Resale Eligibility Conditions are satisfied, the Transfer Agent
shall fail to credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Conversion
Shares to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion hereunder or pursuant to the Companys obligation pursuant
to clause (ii) below, then, in addition to all other remedies available to such Holder, (X) the Company shall pay to such Holder, in
cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares being converted, $10 per
Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the second Trading Day and increasing to $40 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day
after such damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Deadline until such Conversion Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such conversion and (Y) such Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion Notice with respect
to, and retain or have returned, as the case may be, all, or any portion, of such Preferred Shares that has not been converted pursuant
to such Conversion Notice; provided that the voiding of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make
any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 4(c)(ii) or otherwise. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates
representing Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares as required
pursuant to the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any given Conversion Failure, this Section
4(c)(ii) shall not apply to a Holder to the extent the Company has already paid such amounts in full to such Holder with respect to such
Conversion Failure pursuant to the analogous sections of the Purchase Agreement.

5

(iii) Registration;
Book-Entry. At the time of issuance of any Preferred Shares hereunder, the Preferred Shares shall be uncertificated and in Book-Entry
form, but the applicable Holder may, by written request (including by electronic-mail) to the Company, elect to receive such Preferred
Shares in the form of one or more Preferred Share Certificates. The Company (or the Transfer Agent, as custodian for the Preferred Shares)
shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Holders of each Preferred
Share and the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares and whether the Preferred Shares are held by such Holder in Preferred Share Certificates
or in Book-Entry form (the Registered Preferred Shares). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and each Holder of the Preferred Shares shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Register as the owner of a Preferred Share for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to receive payments and
Dividends hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Provided that the Company receives appropriate documentation for an assignment,
transfer or sale, a Registered Preferred Share may be assigned, transferred or sold only by registration of such assignment or sale on
the Register. Upon its receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell one or more Registered Preferred Shares by such Holder
thereof, the Company shall record the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Preferred Shares
in the same aggregate Stated Value as the Stated Value of the surrendered Registered Preferred Shares to the designated assignee or transferee
pursuant to Section 18, provided that if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of such
Registered Preferred Shares within two (2) Business Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to
reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 4,
following conversion of any Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, the applicable Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender such Preferred Shares held in the form of a Preferred Share Certificate to the Company unless (A) the full or remaining number
of Preferred Shares represented by the applicable Preferred Share Certificate are being converted (in which event such certificate(s)
shall be delivered to the Company as contemplated by this Section 4(c)(ii)) or (B) such Holder has provided the Company with prior written
notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of Preferred Shares upon physical surrender of the
applicable Preferred Share Certificate. Each Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Stated Value and Dividends converted
and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the case may be) or shall use such other method,
reasonably satisfactory to such Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of a Preferred Share Certificate upon
conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Stated Value and Dividends converted and/or paid (as the case
may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the case may be) within one (1) Business Day of such occurrence, then the
Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of
the Company establishing the number of Preferred Shares to which the record holder is entitled shall be controlling and determinative
in the absence of manifest error. A Holder and any transferee or assignee, by acceptance of a certificate, acknowledge and agree that,
by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of any Preferred Shares, the number of Preferred Shares represented
by such certificate may be less than the number of Preferred Shares stated on the face thereof. Each Preferred Share Certificate shall
bear the following legend:

ANY
TRANSFEREE OR ASSIGNEE OF THIS CERTIFICATE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THE CORPORATIONS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION RELATING
TO THE SHARES OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, INCLUDING SECTION 4(c)(ii) THEREOF. THE NUMBER
OF SHARES OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE LESS THAN THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK STATED ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(c)(ii) OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION RELATING TO THE SHARES OF SERIES
A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE.

6

(iv) Pro
Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one Holder for the same Conversion
Date and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such Preferred Shares submitted for conversion, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to convert from each Holder electing to have Preferred Shares converted on such date a pro rata amount of such Holders
Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date based on the number of Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date
by such Holder relative to the aggregate number of Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date. In the event of a dispute
as to the number of Conversion Shares issuable to a Holder in connection with a conversion of Preferred Shares, the Company shall issue
to such Holder the number of Conversion Shares not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 23. If a Conversion
Notice delivered to the Company would result in a breach of Section 4(d) below, and the applicable Holder does not elect in writing to
withdraw, in whole, such Conversion Notice, the Company shall hold such Conversion Notice in abeyance until such time as such Conversion
Notice may be satisfied without violating Section 4(d) below (with such calculations thereunder made as of the date such Conversion Notice
was initially delivered to the Company).

(d) Limitation
on Beneficial Ownership

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Company shall not effect the conversion of any of the Preferred Shares held by a Holder, and such Holder shall not
have the right to convert any of the Preferred Shares held by such Holder pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Certificate of
Designation and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such
conversion, such Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum
Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and the other Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by such Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made,
but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted Preferred Shares
beneficially owned by such Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible notes, convertible preferred stock or
warrants, including the Preferred Shares) beneficially owned by such Holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 4(d). For purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of the Maximum Percentage
shall take into account the concurrent exercise and/or conversion, as applicable, of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company beneficially owned by such Holder and/or any other Attribution Party, as applicable. For purposes of determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock a Holder may acquire upon the conversion of such Preferred Shares without exceeding
the Maximum Percentage, such Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC,
as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (z) any other written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent, if any, setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number).
If the Company receives a Conversion Notice from a Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less
than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall notify such Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding and, to the extent that such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause such Holders beneficial ownership, as determined
pursuant to this Section 4(d), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, such Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of
Common Stock to be purchased pursuant to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of any
Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to such Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including such Preferred Shares, by such Holder and any other Attribution
Party since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common
Stock to a Holder upon conversion of such Preferred Shares results in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially
own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section
13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued by which such Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate
beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall
be cancelled ab initio, and such Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written
notice to the Company, any Holder may from time to time increase (with such increase not effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after
delivery of such notice) or decrease the Maximum Percentage of such Holder to any other percentage not in excess of 4.99% as specified
in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day
after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to such Holder and the other Attribution
Parties and not to any other Holder that is not an Attribution Party of such Holder. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock
issuable to a Holder pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designation in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed
to be beneficially owned by such Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act.
No prior inability to convert such Preferred Shares pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions
of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of convertibility. The provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to the extent necessary to correct
this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation
contained in this Section 4(d) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The
limitation contained in this paragraph may not be amended, modified or waived and shall apply to a successor holder of such Preferred
Shares.

7

(ii) Principal
Market Regulation. The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of any Preferred Shares or otherwise pursuant
to the terms of this Certificate of Designation if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock which the Company may issue upon conversion of the Preferred Shares without breaching the Companys obligations
under the rules and regulations the listing rules of the Principal Market (the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may be
issued without violating such rules and regulations, the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply
in the event that the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Principal
Market for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount. Until such approval is obtained, no Holder shall be issued in
the aggregate, upon conversion of any Preferred Shares, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the product of (i) the Exchange
Cap as of the Initial Issuance Date multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (1) the aggregate number of Preferred Shares issued to such Holder
on the Initial Issuance Date, divided by (2) the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Shares outstanding as of the Initial Issuance
Date (with respect to each Holder, the Exchange Cap Allocation). In the event that any Holder shall sell or otherwise
transfer any of such Holders Preferred Shares, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Holders Exchange
Cap Allocation with respect to such portion of such Preferred Shares so transferred, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall
apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation so allocated to such transferee. .

(e) Right
of Alternate Conversion.

(i) Alternate
Optional Conversion. Subject to Section 4(d), at any time, at the option of any Holder, such Holder may convert (each, an Alternate
Optional Conversion, and the date of such Alternate Optional Conversion, an Alternate Optional Conversion Date)
all, or any number, of Preferred Shares into shares of Common Stock (such aggregate Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares to be converted
pursuant to this Section 4(e)(i), the Alternate Optional Conversion Amount) at the Alternate Conversion Price (each,
an Alternate Optional Conversion).

8

(ii) Mechanics
of Alternate Conversion. On any Alternate Conversion Date, a Holder may voluntarily convert any number of Preferred Shares held by
such Holder pursuant to Section 4(c) (with Alternate Conversion Price replacing Conversion Price for all
purposes hereunder with respect to such Alternate Conversion) by designating in the Conversion Notice delivered pursuant to this Section
4(e) of this Certificate of Designation that such Holder is electing to use the Alternate Conversion Price for such conversion; provided
that in the event of the Conversion Floor Price Condition, on the applicable Alternate Conversion Date the Stated Value of the remaining
Preferred Shares of such Holder shall automatically increase, pro rata, by the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount or, at the
Companys option, the Company shall deliver the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount to such applicable Holder on the applicable
Alternate Conversion Date. In the event of an Alternate Conversion pursuant to this Section 4(e) of all, or any portion, of any Preferred
Shares of a Holder, such Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability
to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for such Holder.

5. Triggering
Events.

(a) General.
Unless waived by the Holder, each of the following events shall constitute a Triggering Event and each of the events
in clauses 5(a)(i), 5(a)(vii) and 5(a)(xv), shall constitute a Mandatory Redemption Triggering Event:

(i) the
suspension from trading or the delisting of the Common Stock on an Eligible Market for a period of five (5) consecutive Trading Days
or the delisting, removal or withdrawal, as applicable, of registration of the Common Stock under the 1934 Act with respect to a going-private
transaction;

(ii) the
Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock within five (5)
Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date or exercise date (as the case may be) or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder
of Preferred Shares, including, without limitation, by way of public announcement or through any of its agents, at any time, of its intention
not to comply, as required, with a request for conversion of any Preferred Shares into shares of Common Stock that is requested in accordance
with the provisions of this Certificate of Designation, other than pursuant to Section 4(d) hereof;

9

(iii) except
to the extent the Company is in compliance with Section 11(b) below with respect to holding a meeting of stockholders to address an Authorized
Share Failure, at any time following the tenth (10th) consecutive day that a Holders Authorized Share Allocation (as defined in
Section 11(a) below) is less than 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder would be entitled to receive upon a conversion,
in full, of all of the Preferred Shares then held by such Holder (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Preferred Shares are convertible
at the Floor Price then in effect, (y) dividends on the Preferred Shares shall accrue through August 26, 2026 and will be converted in
shares of Common Stock at a dividend conversion price equal to the Floor Price then in effect, and (z) any such conversion shall not
take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Shares set forth herein);

(iv) [Reserved];

(v) the
Companys failure to pay to any Holder any Dividend when required to be paid hereunder (whether or not declared by the Board) or
any other amount when and as due under this Certificate of Designation (including, without limitation, the Companys failure to
pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder)(in each case, subject to the restrictions set forth in NRS 78, including but not limited
to NRS 78.288), except, in the case of a failure to pay Dividends when and as due, in each such case only if such failure remains uncured
for a period of at least five (5) Trading Days;

(vi) the
Company fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or any shares of Common Stock issued to the applicable Holder upon
conversion or exercise (as the case may be) of any Securities acquired by such Holder under the Transaction Documents as and when required
by such Securities or the Purchase Agreement, as applicable, unless otherwise then prohibited by applicable federal securities laws,
and any such failure remains uncured for at least three (3) Trading Days; provided that such Holder is compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Certificate of Designation and other Transaction Documents with respect to the conditions for such legend removal;

(vii) the
occurrence of any redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of at least an aggregate of $750,000 of Indebtedness (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and such failure remains uncured for a period of at least three (3)
Trading Days;

(viii) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within
thirty (30) days of their initiation;

10

(ix) the
commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the
consent by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or
the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the
Company or any Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial
Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(x) the
entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary
or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or
approving as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of
the Company or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar
document appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any
Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance
of any such decree, order, judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed
and in effect for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days;

(xi) except
with respect to any intellectual property disputes disclosed on Schedule 3(t) of the Purchase Agreement, a final judgment or judgments
for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $2,000,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and which
judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or are not
discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or
an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $2,000,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company
provides each Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory
to each Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case
may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

11

(xii) (i)
the Company and/or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, either fails to pay, when due, or within any applicable grace period,
any payment with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of $2,000,000 due to any third party (other than, with respect to unsecured Indebtedness
only, payments contested by the Company and/or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) in good faith by proper proceedings and with respect
to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP) or is otherwise in breach or violation
of any agreement for monies owed or owing in an amount in excess of $2,000,000, which breach or violation permits the other party thereto
to declare a default or otherwise accelerate amounts due thereunder, or (ii) an event of default occurs under any Indebtedness of the
Company or any Subsidiary in excess of $2,000,000 and such event of default causes (or results in the holder of such Indebtedness causing)
such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity;

(xiii) other
than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 5(a), the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any representation or warranty
in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be
breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, except, in the case of a breach of a
covenant or other term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of three (3) consecutive Trading
Days;

(xiv) a
false or inaccurate certification by the Company as to whether any Triggering Event has occurred;

(xv) (i)
the Registration Effectiveness Date has not occurred by August 26, 2026 and (ii) the Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) has not been obtained by August 26, 2026;

(xvi) any
breach or failure in any respect by the Company or any Subsidiary to comply with any provision of Section 13 of this Certificate of Designation
and such failure remains uncured for a period of at least three (3) Trading Days;

(xvii) the
electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
is no longer available or is subject to a chill; or

(xviii) any
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) occurs.

(b) Notice
of a Triggering Event. Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event with respect to the Preferred Shares, the Company shall within two
(2) Business Days deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day delivery specified) (a Triggering
Event Notice) to each Holder.

12

(c) Mandatory
Redemption upon Certain Triggering Events. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but at all times subject to restrictions
set forth in Nevada law, including but not limited to NRS 78.288, and notwithstanding any conversion that is then required or in process,
upon any Mandatory Redemption Triggering Event, the Company shall immediately redeem, in cash, each of the Preferred Shares then outstanding
at a redemption price equal to the Conversion Amount to be redeemed, without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action
by any Holder or any other person or entity, provided that a Holder may, in its sole discretion, waive such right to receive payment
upon a Mandatory Redemption Triggering Event, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights of such Holder
or any other Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Mandatory Redemption Triggering Event or any right to conversion
(or Alternate Conversion), as applicable.

6. Rights
Upon Fundamental Transactions.

(a) Assumption.
Unless the Company redeems the then outstanding Preferred Shares in full pursuant to Section 9, the Company shall not consummate a Fundamental
Transaction unless the Successor Entity assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designation
and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holder, including agreements to deliver to each holder of Preferred Shares in exchange
for such Preferred Shares a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance
to this Certificate of Designation, including, without limitation, having a stated value and dividend rate equal to the stated value
and dividend rate of the Preferred Shares held by the Holders and having similar ranking to the Preferred Shares, and reasonably satisfactory
to the Required Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted
for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and the other
Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right
and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction
Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein and therein. In addition to the foregoing,
upon consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to each Holder confirmation that there shall be issued
upon conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares at any time after the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of
the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable under Sections 7 and
15, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares prior to such
Fundamental Transaction, such shares of the publicly traded common stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its
Parent Entity) which each Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had all the Preferred
Shares held by each Holder been converted immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the
conversion of the Preferred Shares contained in this Certificate of Designation), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this
Certificate of Designation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to
the Company to waive this Section 6(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of the Preferred Shares. The provisions
of this Section 6 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied without regard to any
limitations on the conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares.

13

(b) Notice
of a Change of Control; Change of Control Election Notice. Unless the Company redeems the then outstanding Preferred Shares in full
pursuant to Section 9, no sooner than the earlier of (x) twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control or
(y) the public announcement of the entry into an agreement with respect to a Change of Control (the time of such public announcement,
the Announcement Time), nor later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control (the
Change of Control Date), the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier
to each Holder (a Change of Control Notice). At any time during the period beginning after a Holders receipt
of a Change of Control Notice or such Holder becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to
such Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (as applicable) and ending on twenty (20) Trading Days after the later
of (A) the date of consummation of such Change of Control or (B) the date of receipt of such Change of Control Notice or (C) the date
of the announcement of such Change of Control, such Holder may require, by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control
Election Notice) to the Company (which Change of Control Election Notice shall indicate the number of Preferred Shares subject
to such election), to have the Company exchange, at or after (but not before) the closing of such Change of Control, such Holders
Preferred Shares designated in such Change of Control Election Notice for consideration equal to the Conversion Amount (or (1) the Stated
Value thereof plus (2) any Additional Amount thereon as of such date of determination plus (3) any other amounts thereon
owed to such Holder, pursuant to this Certificate of Designation or any other Transaction Document that have not otherwise been paid
or satisfied, in the case of any Preferred Shares funded following the Announcement Time but prior to the Change of Control Date). In
the event of the Companys repayment or exchange, as applicable, of any of the Preferred Shares under this Section 6(b), such Holders
damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the
uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for a Holder. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, in connection with any redemption hereunder at a time a Holder is entitled to receive a cash payment that has not otherwise
been paid or satisfied under any of the other Transaction Documents, at the option of such Holder delivered in writing to the Company,
the applicable redemption price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment owed to such Holder under such other
Transaction Document and, upon payment in full or conversion in accordance herewith, shall satisfy the Companys payment obligation
under such other Transaction Document.

7. Rights
Upon Issuance of Purchase Rights and Other Corporate Events.

(a) Purchase
Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 8 and Section 15 below, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all or substantially
all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then each Holder will be entitled
to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if
such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of all the Preferred Shares (without taking
into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares and assuming for such purpose that all the
Preferred Shares were converted at the Alternate Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) held by such Holder immediately prior
to the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date
as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights; provided,
however, to the extent that such Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in such Holder and the other
Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then such Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to
such extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of
such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar provision, such term shall be extended
by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable) for the benefit of such Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right
thereto would not result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times such
Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent
Purchase Right held similarly in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar provision,
such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable)) to the same extent as if there had been no such
limitation.

14

(b) Other
Corporate Events. Unless the Company redeems the then outstanding Preferred Shares in full pursuant to Section 9, in addition to
and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder or under the NRS, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant
to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares
of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure that each Holder will
thereafter have the right, at such Holders option and in addition to any other rights a Holder may have under the NRS, to receive
upon a conversion of all the Preferred Shares held by such Holder (i) such securities or other assets (the Corporate Event
Consideration) to which such Holder would have been entitled with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of
Common Stock been held by such Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions
on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares set forth in this Certificate of Designation) or (ii) in lieu of the shares of Common Stock
otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of shares of Common Stock in connection
with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as such Holder would have been entitled to receive had the Preferred Shares
held by such Holder initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to shares of Common Stock)
at a conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Rate of an Alternate Conversion. Provision made pursuant
the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holder, and in all respects subject to
compliance with and subject to limitations set forth in the NRS. The provisions of this Section 7 shall apply similarly and equally to
successive Corporate Events, in compliance at all times with the NRS, and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion
or redemption of the Preferred Shares set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

8. Rights
Upon Issuance of Other Securities.

(a) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Closing Date the Company grants, issues or sells
(or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell), or in accordance with this Section 8(a) is deemed to have granted, issued or
sold, any shares of Common Stock (including the granting, issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account
of the Company, but excluding any Excluded Securities granted, issued or sold or deemed to have been granted, issued or sold) for a consideration
per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
such granting, issuance or sale or deemed granting, issuance or sale (such Conversion Price then in effect is referred to herein as the
Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then, immediately after such Dilutive
Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For all purposes of the
foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Conversion Price and the New Issuance Price under this Section 8(a)),
the following shall be applicable:

(i) Issuance
of Options. If the Company in any manner grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell) any Options
and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon
conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the
terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued
and sold by the Company at the time of the granting, issuance or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes of this Section
8(a)(i), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such
Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise
pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received
or receivable by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting, issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise
of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise
pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest exercise price set forth in such Option for which one share of Common Stock is issuable
(or may become issuable assuming all possible market conditions) upon the exercise of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise or
exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, minus (2)
the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or any other Person) with respect to any one share of Common Stock
upon the granting, issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible
Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof plus the value of any other consideration (including,
without limitation, consideration consisting of cash, debt forgiveness, assets or any other property) received or receivable by, or benefit
conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other Person). Except as contemplated in clause (iii) below, no further adjustment of
the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such share of Common Stock or of such Convertible Securities upon the
exercise of such Options or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof or upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

15

(ii) Issuance
of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any manner issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to issue or sell) any Convertible
Securities and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or
exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall
be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale (or the time of execution
of such agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes of this
Section 8(a)(ii), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the
lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to one share of Common Stock upon the issuance
or sale (or pursuant to the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of the Convertible Security and upon conversion, exercise or exchange
of such Convertible Security or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible
Security for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable assuming all possible market conditions) upon conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder
of such Convertible Security (or any other Person) with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale (or the agreement
to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable (including,
without limitation, any consideration consisting of cash, debt forgiveness, assets or other property) by, or benefit conferred on, the
holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person). Except as contemplated in clause (iii) below, no further adjustment of the
Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such
Convertible Securities or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, and if any such issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities is
made upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of the Conversion Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions
of this Section 8(a), except as contemplated in clause (iii) below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made by reason
of such issuance or sale.

(iii) Change
in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration,
if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than
proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 8(a) below),
the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been
in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase price, additional
consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate (as the case may be) at the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes
of this Section 8(a)(iii), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (including, without limitation, any Option or Convertible
Security that was outstanding as of the Closing Date) are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding
sentence, then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange
thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 8(a)
shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in effect.

16

(iv) Calculation
of Consideration Received. If any Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right is issued in connection with the issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (as determined by the Required Holder, the Primary
Security, and such Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right, the Secondary Securities),
together comprising one integrated transaction (or one or more transactions if such issuances or sales or deemed issuances or sales of
securities of the Company either (A) have at least one investor or purchaser in common, (B) are consummated in reasonable proximity to
each other and/or (C) are consummated under the same plan of financing), the aggregate consideration per share of Common Stock with respect
to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be equal to the difference of (x) the lowest price per share for which one share of Common
Stock was issued (or was deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 8(a)(i) or 8(a)(ii) above, as applicable) in such integrated transaction
solely with respect to such Primary Security, minus (y) with respect to such Secondary Securities, the sum of (I) the Black Scholes Consideration
Value of each such Option, if any, (II) the fair market value (as determined by the Required Holder in good faith) or the Black Scholes
Consideration Value, as applicable, of such Adjustment Right, if any, and (III) the fair market value (as determined by the Required
Holder) of such Convertible Security, if any, in each case, as determined on a per share basis in accordance with this Section 8(a)(iv).
If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the
consideration received therefor (for the purpose of determining the consideration paid for such Common Stock, Option or Convertible Security,
but not for the purpose of the calculation of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be deemed to be the net amount of consideration
received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company (for the purpose of determining the consideration paid for
such Common Stock, Option or Convertible Security, but not for the purpose of the calculation of the Black Scholes Consideration Value)
will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the
amount of consideration received by the Company for such securities will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for
each of the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities
are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the
amount of consideration therefor (for the purpose of determining the consideration paid for such Common Stock, Option or Convertible
Security, but not for the purpose of the calculation of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be deemed to be the fair value of
such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be
determined jointly by the Company and the Required Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the
occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined
within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly
selected by the Company and the Required Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent
manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

(v) Record
Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend
or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale of the
shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(b) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. Without limiting any provision of Section 7 or Section 15, if
the Company at any time on or after the Closing Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization
or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. Without limiting any provision of Section 7 or
Section 15, if the Company at any time on or after the Closing Date combines (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. Any adjustment pursuant
to this Section 8(a) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring
an adjustment under this Section 8(a) occurs during the period that a Conversion Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation
of such Conversion Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

17

(c) Holders
Right of Adjusted Conversion Price. In addition to and not in limitation of the other provisions of this Section 8(c), if the Company
in any manner issues or sells or enters into any agreement to issue or sell, any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (excluding
any Excluded Securities) (any such securities, Variable Price Securities) after the Closing Date that are issuable
pursuant to such agreement or convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock at a price which varies or may
vary with the market price of the shares of Common Stock, including by way of one or more reset(s) to a fixed price, but exclusive of
such formulations reflecting share splits, share combinations, and share dividends (each of the formulations for such variable price
being herein referred to as, the Variable Price), the Company shall provide written notice thereof via electronic
mail and overnight courier to each Holder on the date of such agreement and/or the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, Convertible
Securities or Options, as applicable. From and after the date the Company enters into such agreement or issues any such Variable Price
Securities, each Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to substitute the Variable Price for the
Conversion Price upon conversion of the Preferred Shares by designating in the Conversion Notice delivered upon any conversion of Preferred
Shares that solely for purposes of such conversion such Holder is relying on the Variable Price rather than the Conversion Price then
in effect. A Holders election to rely on a Variable Price for a particular conversion of Preferred Shares shall not obligate such
Holder to rely on a Variable Price for any future conversions of Preferred Shares.

(d) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 8 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable.
The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the
Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.

(e) Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time any Preferred Shares
remain outstanding, with the prior written consent of the Required Holder, reduce the then current Conversion Price to any amount and
for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board.

18

9. Redemption
at the Companys Election. At any time the Company shall have the right to redeem all or any part of the Preferred Shares then
outstanding (the Company Optional Redemption Amount) on the Company Optional Redemption Date (each as defined below)
(a Company Optional Redemption). The Preferred Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 9 shall be
redeemed by the Company in cash at a price (the Company Optional Redemption Price) equal to the Conversion Amount
being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date (or, if a Triggering Event has occurred and is continuing on the Company Optional
Redemption Date or occurs on or after the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date but prior to the Company Optional Redemption Date,
the greater of (i) the Conversion Amount being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion
Rate with respect to the Conversion Amount being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date multiplied by (2) the average of
the five (5) highest daily VWAPs of the Common Stock during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such Company Optional
Redemption Notice Date and ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire payment required to be
made under this Section 9). The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under this Section 9 by delivering a written notice
thereof by electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the Holders (the Company Optional Redemption
Notice and the date all of the Holders received such notice is referred to as the Company Optional Redemption Notice
Date). Such Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable; provided that the Company Optional Redemption Notice
may be conditioned upon the consummation of a refinancing transaction, a Change of Control or a Going Private Transaction. The Company
Optional Redemption Notice shall (x) state the date on which the Company Optional Redemption shall occur (the Company Optional
Redemption Date) which date shall not be less than twenty (20) Trading Days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice
Date, and (y) state the aggregate Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares which is being redeemed in such Company Optional Redemption
from such Holder and all of the other Holders of the Preferred Shares pursuant to this Section 9 on the Company Optional Redemption Date.
The Company shall deliver the applicable Company Optional Redemption Price to each Holder in cash on the applicable Company Optional
Redemption Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, at any time prior to the date the Company Optional Redemption Price
is paid, in full, the Company Optional Redemption Amount may be converted, in whole or in part, by any Holder into shares of Common Stock
pursuant to Section 4. All Conversion Amounts converted by a Holder after the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date shall reduce the
Company Optional Redemption Amount of the Preferred Shares of such Holder required to be redeemed on the Company Optional Redemption
Date.

10. Noncircumvention.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Certificate of Designation,
and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and take all action as may be required
to protect the rights of the Holders hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Certificate
of Designation or the other Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable
upon the conversion of any Preferred Shares above the Conversion Price then in effect, (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the
conversion of Preferred Shares and (c) shall, so long as any Preferred Shares are outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and
keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred
Shares, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of the Preferred
Shares then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
if after the one hundred and twenty (120) calendar day anniversary of the Initial Issuance Date, each Holder is not permitted to convert
such Holders Preferred Shares in full for any reason (other than pursuant to restrictions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof), the
Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents or approvals
as necessary to effect such conversion into shares of Common Stock.

19

11. Authorized
Shares.

(a) Reservation.
So long as any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 100% of the number of shares of Common
Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion, including without limitation, Alternate Conversions, of all of
the Preferred Shares then outstanding (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Preferred Shares are convertible at the Floor Price
then in effect, (y) dividends on the Preferred Shares shall accrue through August 26, 2026 and will be converted in shares of Common
Stock at a dividend conversion price equal to the Floor Price then in effect, and (z) any such conversion shall not take into account
any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Shares set forth herein) (the Required Reserve Amount). The Required
Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the
Holders based on the number of the Preferred Shares held by each Holder on the Initial Issuance Date or increase in the number of reserved
shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a Holder shall sell or otherwise
transfer any of such Holders Preferred Shares, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Holders Authorized
Share Allocation. Any shares of Common Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Preferred Shares shall be
allocated to the remaining Holders of Preferred Shares, pro rata based on the number of the Preferred Shares then held by the Holders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Holder may allocate its Authorized Share Allocation to any other of the securities of the Company held
by such Holder (or any of its designees) by delivery of a written notice to the Company.

(b) Insufficient
Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 11(a) and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the Preferred Shares
remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation
to reserve for issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Shares at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve
Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action reasonably necessary to
increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve
Amount for the Preferred Shares then outstanding (or deemed outstanding pursuant to Section 11(a) above). Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later
than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for
the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide
each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in
authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such proposal
(or, if a majority of the voting power then in effect of the capital stock of the Company consents to such increase, in lieu of such
proxy statement, deliver to the stockholders of the Company an information statement that has been filed with (and either approved by
or not subject to comments from) the SEC with respect thereto). In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing shares of Common
Stock to a Holder upon any conversion due to the failure by the Company to have sufficient shares of Common Stock available out of the
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (such unavailable number of shares of Common Stock, the Authorized Failure Shares),
in lieu of delivering such Authorized Failure Shares to such Holder, the Company, if permitted under the restrictions set forth in NRS
78.288, shall pay cash in exchange for the redemption of such portion of the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares convertible into
such Authorized Failure Shares at a price equal to the sum of (i) the product of (x) such number of Authorized Failure Shares and (y)
the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date such Holder delivers
the applicable Conversion Notice with respect to such Authorized Failure Shares to the Company and ending on the date of such issuance
and payment under this Section 11(b); and (ii) to the extent such Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of Authorized Failure Shares, any brokerage commissions and other
out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of such Holder incurred in connection therewith. Nothing contained in Section 11(a) or this Section 11(b)
shall limit any obligations of the Company under any provision of the Purchase Agreement.

20

12. Voting
Rights. The holders of the Preferred Shares shall have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as
a separate series or class or together with any other series or class of share of capital stock, and shall not be entitled to call a
meeting of such holders for any purpose nor shall they be entitled to participate in any meeting of the holders of Common Stock, except
as provided in this Section 12 and Section 16 or as otherwise required by the NRS. To the extent that under the NRS the vote of the holders
of the Preferred Shares, voting separately as a class or series, as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the Company,
the affirmative vote or consent of the Required Holder of the Preferred Shares, voting together in the aggregate and not in separate
series unless required under the NRS, represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is presented or by written consent of the
Required Holder (except as otherwise may be required under the NRS), voting together in the aggregate and not in separate series unless
required under the NRS, shall constitute the approval of such action by both the class or the series, as applicable. Holders of the Preferred
Shares shall be entitled to written notice of all stockholder meetings or written consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information
sent to stockholders) with respect to which they would be entitled to vote, which notice would be provided pursuant to the Companys
bylaws (the Bylaws) and the NRS.

13. Covenants.
Without the prior consent of the Required Holder:

(a) Incurrence
of Indebtedness. As long as Preferred Shares with a Stated Value of at least $500,000 remain outstanding, the Company shall not,
and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any
Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness).

(b) Existence
of Liens. As long as Preferred Shares with a Stated Value of at least $500,000 remain outstanding, the Company shall not, and the
Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge,
security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Liens) other than Permitted Liens.

(c) Restricted
Payments and Investments. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly,
redeem, defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part,
whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness (other
than (x) Permitted Term Loan Indebtedness and (y) pursuant to this Certificate of Designation) whether by way of payment in respect of
principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on, such Indebtedness or make any Investment, as applicable, if at the time such payment
with respect to such Indebtedness and/or Investment, as applicable, is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such payment,
(i) an event constituting a Triggering Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) an event that with the passage of time and without
being cured would constitute a Triggering Event has occurred and is continuing.

(d) Restriction
on Redemption and Cash Dividends. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or
indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its capital stock (other than as required
by this Certificate of Designation).

(e) [Reserved].

(f) Change
in Nature of Business. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly,
engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by or publicly contemplated to
be conducted by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business substantially related or incidental thereto.
The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, modify its or their corporate
structure or purpose.

(g) Preservation
of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence,
rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes
such qualification necessary, except where the failure to become or remain duly qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

21

(h) Maintenance
of Properties, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of
its material properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary
wear and tear excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to materially comply, at all times with the provisions of all
leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder,
except where the failure to maintain and preserve such material properties could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(i) Maintenance
of Intellectual Property. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take all action necessary or advisable to
maintain all of the Intellectual Property Rights of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries that are necessary or material to the
conduct of its business in full force and effect, except where the failure to maintain such Intellectual Property Rights could not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) Maintenance
of Insurance. The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable
insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business interruption
insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering
such risks as is required by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance
with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated, except where the failure to maintain such insurance
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Transactions
with Affiliates. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend or be a party to,
any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of
property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except transactions in the ordinary course
of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business,
for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arms
length transaction with a Person that is not an affiliate thereof.

(l) Restricted
Issuances. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Required Holder, (i) issue any
Preferred Shares (other than as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and this Certificate of Designation), (ii) issue any other securities
(other than the Permitted Approved Stock Plan Issuances and the Permitted Penny Warrants) that would cause a breach or default under
this Certificate of Designation or (iii) issue any securities (other than the Permitted Approved Stock Plan Issuances and the Permitted
Penny Warrants) at a New Issuance Price less than the lowest Floor Price then in effect of any outstanding Preferred Share.

22

(m) Stay,
Extension and Usury Laws. To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon,
plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever
enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Certificate of Designation; and (B) expressly waives all
benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution
of any power granted to the Holders by this Certificate of Designation, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power
as though no such law has been enacted.

(n) Taxes.
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all material taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with
any related interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries or their respective
assets or upon their ownership, possession, use, operation or disposition thereof or upon their rents, receipts or earnings arising therefrom
(except where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries).
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax returns (except where the failure
to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain
adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

(o) PCAOB
Registered Auditor. At all times any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall have engaged an independent auditor to
audit its financial statements that is registered with (and in compliance with the rules and regulations of) the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board.

14. Liquidation,
Dissolution, Winding-Up. In the event of a Liquidation Event, the Holders shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the assets
of the Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders (the Liquidation Funds),
before any amount shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of Junior Stock, but pari passu with any Parity Stock then outstanding,
an amount per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (A) the Conversion Amount of such Preferred Share on the date of such payment and
(B) the amount per share such Holder would receive if such Holder converted such Preferred Share into Common Stock immediately prior
to the date of such payment, provided that if the Liquidation Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due to the Holders and holders
of shares of Parity Stock, then each Holder and each holder of Parity Stock shall receive a percentage of the Liquidation Funds equal
to the full amount of Liquidation Funds payable to such Holder and such holder of Parity Stock as a liquidation preference, in accordance
with their respective Certificate of Designation (or equivalent), as a percentage of the full amount of Liquidation Funds payable to
all holders of Preferred Shares and all holders of shares of Parity Stock. To the extent necessary, the Company shall cause such actions
to be taken by each of its Subsidiaries so as to enable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the proceeds of a Liquidation Event
to be distributed to the Holders in accordance with this Section 14. All the preferential amounts to be paid to the Holders under this
Section 14 shall be paid or set apart for payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or the distribution
of any Liquidation Funds of the Company to the holders of shares of Junior Stock in connection with a Liquidation Event as to which this
Section 14 applies.

23

15. Distribution
of Assets. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7 and Section 8, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distributions of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to any or all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (the Distributions),
then each Holder, as holders of Preferred Shares, will be entitled to such Distributions as if such Holder had held the number of shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the Preferred Shares (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions
on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares and assuming for such purpose that the Preferred Share was converted at the Alternate Conversion
Price as of the applicable record date) immediately prior to the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution or, if no such
record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for such Distributions (provided,
however, that to the extent that such Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in such Holder
and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then such Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent of any such excess) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held
in abeyance for the benefit of such Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in such Holder and the other
Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times, if any, such Holder shall be granted such Distribution
(and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to
the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

16. Vote
to Change the Terms of or Issue Preferred Shares. In addition to any other rights provided by law, except where the vote or written
consent of the holders of a greater number of shares is required by law or by another provision of the Certificate of Incorporation,
without first obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written consent without a meeting of the
Required Holder, voting together as a single class, the Company shall not: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision
to, its Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designation or articles of amendment of any series of shares
of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions
provided for the benefit of the Preferred Shares hereunder, regardless of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the
Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation or otherwise; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized
number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; (c) without limiting any provision of Section 2, create or authorize (by reclassification
or otherwise) any new class or series of Senior Preferred Stock or Parity Stock; (d) purchase, repurchase or redeem any shares of Junior
Stock (other than pursuant to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plans and options and other equity awards granted under
such plans (that have in good faith been approved by the Board)); (e) without limiting any provision of Section 2, pay dividends or make
any other distribution on any shares of any Junior Stock; (f) issue any Preferred Shares other than as contemplated hereby or pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement and the Incremental Warrants; or (g) without limiting any provision of Section 10, whether or not prohibited
by the terms of the Preferred Shares, circumvent a right of the Preferred Shares hereunder.

24

17. Transfer
of Preferred Shares. A Holder may offer, sell or transfer some or all of its Preferred Shares without the consent of the Company
subject only to the provisions of Section 5 of the Purchase Agreement.

18. Reissuance
of Preferred Share Certificates and Book Entries.

(a) Transfer.
If any Preferred Shares are to be transferred, the applicable Holder shall surrender the applicable Preferred Share Certificate to the
Company (or, if the Preferred Shares are held in Book-Entry form, a written instruction letter to the Company), whereupon the Company
will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of such Holder a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 18(d)) (or
evidence of the transfer of such Book-Entry), registered as such Holder may request, representing the outstanding number of Preferred
Shares being transferred by such Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding number of Preferred Shares is being transferred, a new
Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 18(d)) to such Holder representing the outstanding number of Preferred Shares
not being transferred (or evidence of such remaining Preferred Shares in a Book-Entry for such Holder). Such Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of the Preferred Share Certificate or evidence of Book-Entry issuance, as applicable, acknowledge and agree that, by reason
of the provisions of Section 4(c)(i) following conversion or redemption of any of the Preferred Shares, the outstanding number of Preferred
Shares represented by the Preferred Share Certificates or Book-Entry may be less than the number of Preferred Shares stated on the face
of the Preferred Share Certificates or Book-Entry.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Preferred Share Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Preferred Share Certificate (as to which a written certification and the indemnification
contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking
by the applicable Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of such Preferred Share Certificate, the Company shall execute and deliver to such Holder a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance
with Section 18(d)) representing the applicable outstanding number of Preferred Shares.

(c) Preferred
Share Certificate and Book-Entries Exchangeable for Different Denominations and Forms. Each Preferred Share Certificate is exchangeable,
upon the surrender hereof by the applicable Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Preferred Share Certificate or Preferred
Share Certificate(s) or new Book-Entry (in accordance with Section 18(d)) representing, in the aggregate, the outstanding number of the
Preferred Shares in the original Preferred Share Certificate, and each such new Preferred Share Certificate and/or new Book-Entry, as
applicable, will represent such portion of such outstanding number of Preferred Shares from the original Preferred Share Certificate
as is designated in writing by such Holder at the time of such surrender. Each Book-Entry may be exchanged into one or more new Preferred
Share Certificates or split by the applicable Holder by delivery of a written notice to the Company into two or more new Book-Entries
(in accordance with Section 18(d)) representing, in the aggregate, the outstanding number of the Preferred Shares in the original Book-Entry,
and each such new Book-Entry and/or new Preferred Share Certificate, as applicable, will represent such portion of such outstanding number
of Preferred Shares from the original Book-Entry as is designated in writing by such Holder at the time of such surrender.

25

(d) Issuance
of New Preferred Share Certificate or Book-Entry. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Preferred Share Certificate or
a new Book-Entry pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designation, such new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry (i)
shall represent, as indicated on the face of such Preferred Share Certificate or in such Book-Entry, as applicable, the number of Preferred
Shares remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry being issued pursuant to Section
18(a) or Section 18(c), the number of Preferred Shares designated by such Holder) which, when added to the number of Preferred Shares
represented by the other new Preferred Share Certificates or other new Book-Entry, as applicable, issued in connection with such issuance,
does not exceed the number of Preferred Shares remaining outstanding under the original Preferred Share Certificate or original Book-Entry,
as applicable, immediately prior to such issuance of new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry, as applicable, and (ii) shall
have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Preferred Share Certificate or in such new Book-Entry, as applicable, which
is the same as the issuance date of the original Preferred Share Certificate or in such original Book-Entry, as applicable.

19. Remedies,
Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Certificate of Designation shall
be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Certificate of Designation and any of the other Transaction
Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall
limit any Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of
this Certificate of Designation. No failure on the part of a Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by such Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or
remedy of a Holder at law or equity or under this Certificate of Designation or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election
of such Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company covenants to each Holder that there shall
be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with
respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by a Holder and shall
not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). No failure
on the part of a Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof;
nor shall any single or partial exercise by such Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of any Holder at law or equity
or under Preferred Shares or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of such Holders rights or remedies under
such documents or at law or equity. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable
harm to the Holders and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event
of any such breach or threatened breach, each Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance
and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such
case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security, in each case, at all times subject
to restrictions set forth in the NRS and Certificate of Incorporation. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to
a Holder that is reasonably requested by such Holder to enable such Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Certificate of Designation.

26

20. Payment
of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) any Preferred Shares are placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or
enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or a Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under
this Certificate of Designation with respect to the Preferred Shares or to enforce the provisions of this Certificate of Designation
or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors
rights and involving a claim under this Certificate of Designation, then the Company shall pay the costs reasonably incurred by such
Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding,
including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements.

21. Construction;
Headings. This Certificate of Designation shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holders and shall not be construed
against any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Certificate of Designation are for convenience of reference and shall
not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Certificate of Designation. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each
pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including,
includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without
limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this
entire Certificate of Designation instead of just the provision in which they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section
references are to sections of this Certificate of Designation. Terms used in this Certificate of Designation and not otherwise defined
herein, but defined in the other Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Initial Issuance Date in
such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Required Holder.

22. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of a Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 22 shall permit any waiver of any
provision of Section 4(d).

27

23. Dispute
Resolution.

(a) Submission
to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In
the case of a dispute relating to a Closing Bid Price, a Closing Sale Price, a Conversion Price, an Alternate Conversion Price, a VWAP
or a fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of a Conversion Rate, or the applicable redemption price (as the case may be) (including,
without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the applicable Holder (as the case
may be) shall submit written notice of the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business
Days after the Company becoming aware of an occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by such Holder at any
time after such Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If such Holder and the Company are unable to promptly
resolve such dispute relating to such Closing Bid Price, such Closing Sale Price, such Conversion Price, such Alternate Conversion Price,
such VWAP or such fair market value, or the arithmetic calculation of such Conversion Rate or such applicable redemption price (as the
case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or such Holder (as the case
may be) of such dispute to the Company or such Holder (as the case may be), then such Holder may, with the consent of the Company (not
to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), select an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii) Such
Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the first sentence of this Section 23 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each
case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which such Holder selected
such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses
(A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood and
agreed that if either such Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission
Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby
waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute
and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment
bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and such Holder or otherwise
requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor such Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation
or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii) The
Company and such Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and such
Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The dispute shall
be governed by the laws of the state of Nevada, and hearings held by the arbitrator, if any, shall take place in Reno, Nevada or such
other location as mutually agreed between the parties. The fees and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne by the party in whose
favor the investment bank decides such dispute or, in the event that the investment bank determines that the applicable calculation is
in between the amounts submitted by the Company and such Holder, then half of such fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company and
half of such fees and expenses shall be borne by the Holder, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final
and binding upon all parties, subject to NRS 38.241 and NRS 38.242.

28

(b) Miscellaneous.
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 23 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and
each Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Nevada Uniform Arbitration Act of 2000,
(ii) the terms of this Certificate of Designation and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected
investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized)
to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank
in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply such findings, determinations
and the like to the terms of this Certificate of Designation and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (iii) the applicable Holder
(and only such Holder with respect to disputes solely relating to such Holder), in its sole discretion, shall have the right to submit
any dispute described in this Section 23 to any state or federal court sitting in Reno, Nevada, in lieu of utilizing the procedures set
forth in this Section 23 and (iv) nothing in this Section 23 shall limit such Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable
remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 23). The parties hereunder expressly consent
to the terms of arbitration set forth herein:

_____________________

_____________________

_____________________

24. Notices;
Currency; Payments.

(a) Any
notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Certificate of Designation
must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered on the earliest of: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon
receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending
party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail
could not be delivered to such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day
delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing address and e-mail address for any
such communications to the Company shall be: Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., 12915 Old Virginia Road, Reno, Nevada 89521, Attention:
Denis Phares, Ph.D., CEO and President, e-mail address: denis@dragonfly.com, or such other mailing address and/or e-mail address as the
Company has specified by written notice given to each of the Holders in accordance with this Section 24(a) not later than five (5) days
prior to the effectiveness of such change. The mailing address and e-mail address for any such communications to any Holder shall be
as set forth on such Holders respective signature page to the Purchase Agreement, or such other mailing address and/or e-mail
address as such Holder has specified by written notice given to the Company in accordance with this Section 24(a) not later than five
(5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent,
waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing the time, date and
recipients e-mail or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by
e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

29

(b) The
Company shall provide each Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Certificate of Designation, including
in reasonable detail a description of such action. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall give written notice
to each Holder (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation
of such adjustment and (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A)
with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, or (B) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental
Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in
conjunction with such notice being provided to such Holder.

(c) Currency.
All dollar amounts referred to in this Certificate of Designation are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and
all amounts owing under this Certificate of Designation shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if
any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange
Rate means, in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Certificate of Designation,
the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed
that where an amount is calculated with reference to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such
period of time).

(d) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Certificate of Designation, unless otherwise
expressly set forth herein, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by wire transfer of immediately
available funds pursuant to wire transfer instructions that Holder shall provide to the Company in writing from time to time. Whenever
any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Certificate of Designation is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.

25. Waiver
of Notice. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, presentment, protest and all other demands
in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Certificate of Designation and the Purchase
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, without limitation, the foregoing shall not waive a partys rights to notice of arbitration.

30

26. Governing
Law. This Certificate of Designation shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Certificate of Designation shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada,
without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, this Certificate of Designation is meant at all times to be compliant with the non-waivable limitations and restrictions applicable
to the Company set forth in the Nevada Revised Statutes, including but not limited to shareholders rights with respect to Nevadas
Control Shares Act, and is not intended to take any action which would have required the approval of shareholders of common stock in
the Company prior to adoption and filing of the Certificate of Designation. Except as otherwise required by Section 23 above, the Company
hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Reno, County of Washoe,
State of Nevada, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum
or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein (i) shall be deemed or operate to preclude any Holder from bringing suit or
taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to such Holder,
to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such
Holder or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 23 above. THE COMPANY AND EACH HOLDER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER
OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

27. Judgment
Currency.

(a) If
for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert
into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 27 referred to as the Judgment Currency)
an amount due in U.S. Dollars under this Certificate of Designation, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on
the Trading Day immediately preceding:

(i) the
date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

31

(ii) the
date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which
such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 27(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date).

(b) If
in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 27(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the Exchange
Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay
such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate
prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment
Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(c) Any
amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Certificate of Designation.

28. [Reserved].

29. Severability.
If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to
apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not
affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Designation so long as this Certificate of Designation as so modified
continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited
nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal
obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties
will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s),
the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

30. Maximum
Payments. Including, without limitation, Section 9(d) of the Purchase Agreement, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish
or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that
the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess
of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the applicable Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

31. Stockholder
Matters; Amendment.

(a) Stockholder
Matters. Any stockholder action, approval or consent required, desired or otherwise sought by the Company pursuant to the NRS, the
Certificate of Incorporation, this Certificate of Designation or otherwise with respect to the issuance of Preferred Shares may be effected
at a duly called meeting of the Companys stockholders or, with respect to preferred stockholder approval only, by written consent
of the Companys preferred stockholders, all in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the NRS. This provision
is intended to comply with the applicable sections of the NRS permitting stockholder action, approval and consent affected by written
consent in lieu of a meeting.

32

(b) Amendment.
Except for Section 4(d) and this Section 31(b), which may not be amended, modified or waived hereunder, this Certificate of Designation
or any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or, with respect
to preferred stockholder approval only, by written consent without a meeting in accordance with the NRS, of the Required Holder, voting
separate as a single class, and with such other preferred or common stockholder approval, if any, as may then be required pursuant to
the NRS, Bylaws, and/or the Certificate of Incorporation; provided, however, and notwithstanding anything this Certificate of Designation
or the Transaction Documents to the contrary, no provision of the Preferred Shares or this Certificate of Designation shall be amended,
modified or waived, and no consent, approval, objection, determination or selection shall be made by the Required Holder thereunder or
hereunder, in each case, to the extent any such amendment, modification, waiver, consent, approval, objection, determination or selection
would disproportionately and materially adversely affect any rights of any Holder of the Preferred Shares (for the avoidance of doubt,
excluding the payment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any legal fees and/or expenses of any Holder in connection therewith),
unless any such Holder shall have previously consented in writing to such amendment, modification, waiver, consent, approval, objection,
determination or selection. Except (a) to the extent otherwise expressly provided in this Certificate of Designation or the Certificate
of Incorporation with respect to voting or approval rights of a particular class or series of capital stock or (b) to the extent otherwise
provided pursuant to the NRS, the holders of each outstanding class or series of shares of the Company shall not be entitled to vote
as a separate voting group on any amendment to the terms of this Certificate of Designation with respect to which such class or series
would otherwise be entitled under the NRS to vote as a separate voting group.

32. Certain
Defined Terms. For purposes of this Certificate of Designation, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1933
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) 1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c) Additional
Amount means, as of the applicable date of determination, with respect to each Preferred Share, all declared and unpaid Dividends
on such Preferred Share.

(d) Adjusted
Floor Price means (i) as determined on any Adjustment Date, the lower of (a) the Floor Price then in effect and (b) 20% of
the lower of (x) the closing price of the Common Stock of the Principal Market (as reported by Bloomberg) as of the Trading Day ended
immediately prior to such applicable Adjustment Date and (y) the quotient of (I) the sum of each closing price of the Common Stock of
the Principal Market (as reported by Bloomberg) on each Trading Day for the five (5) Trading Day period ended on, and including, the
Trading Day ended immediately prior to such applicable Adjustment Date, divided by (II) five (5) and (ii) as determined on each Exercise
Date and Call Date (each as defined in the Incremental Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), as applicable, the lower of (a)
the Floor Price then in effect and (b) 20% of the closing price of the Common Stock of the Principal Market (as reported by Bloomberg)
as of the Trading Day ended immediately prior to such applicable Exercise Date or Call Date. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination or other similar transaction during any such measuring period.

33

(e) Adjustment
Right means any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect to, any issuance or
sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance with Section 8(a)) of shares of Common Stock (other than rights of the type described
in Section 7(a) hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in connection with, or with
respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other similar rights).

(f) Affiliate
or Affiliated means, with respect to any Person, any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the
1933 Act.

(g) Alternate
Conversion Price means, with respect to any Alternate Conversion that price which shall be the lower of (i) the applicable
Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable Conversion Date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, and (ii) the greater of (x) the
Floor Price and (y) 90% of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including
the Trading Day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice (such period, the Alternate
Conversion Measuring Period). All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock
combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during such Alternate
Conversion Measuring Period.

(h) Alternate
Conversion Floor Amount means an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the higher of (I) the highest price
that the Common Stock trades at on the Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Alternate Conversion Date and (II) the applicable
Alternate Conversion Price and (B) the difference obtained by subtracting (I) the number of shares of Common Stock delivered (or to be
delivered) to such Holder on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline with respect to such Alternate Conversion from (II) the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the applicable Conversion Amount that such Holder has elected to be the subject of the applicable Alternate
Conversion, by (y) the applicable Alternate Conversion Price without giving effect to clause (x) of such definition.

34

(i) Approved
Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or agreement which has been approved by the Board prior to or subsequent to the
Closing Date pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and standard options to purchase Common Stock may be issued to any employee, officer,
consultant or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

(j) Attribution
Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder
funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Initial Issuance Date, directly or indirectly managed or advised
by a Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates of such Holder
or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with such Holder or any of the
foregoing and (iv) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with
such Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the
foregoing is to subject collectively such Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(k) Black
Scholes Consideration Value means the value of the applicable Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case
may be) as of the date of issuance thereof calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the execution of definitive documents with respect to the issuance of such Option,
Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be), (ii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate
for a period equal to the remaining term of such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be) as of the date
of issuance of such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be), (iii) a zero cost of borrow and (iv) an expected
volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the date of issuance of such Option, Convertible
Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be).

(l) Bloomberg
means Bloomberg, L.P.

(m) Book-Entry
means each entry on the Register evidencing one or more Preferred Shares held by a Holder in lieu of a Preferred Share Certificate issuable
hereunder.

(n) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any Governmental Authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

35

(o) Change
of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct or indirect, wholly-owned
Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the shares of
Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly,
are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power
to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such
reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(p) Closing
Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and
last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market
begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price (as the case may
be) then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing
bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security
is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively,
of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no
closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the
ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security
on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price (as the case may be) of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Required Holder. If the Company and the Required
Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures
in Section 23. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations
or other similar transactions during such period.

(q) Closing
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement, which date is the date the Company initially issued the Preferred
Shares pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

(r) Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

36

(s) Common
Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which
such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

(t) Contingent
Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect
to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such
liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or
discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in
whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

(u) Conversion
Floor Price Condition means that the relevant Alternate Conversion Price is being determined based on clause (x) of such definitions.

(v) Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

(w) Current
Public Information Failure means either (x) the failure by the Company for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule
144(c)(1) of the 1933 Act, including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule
144(c) of the 1933 Act or (y) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) of the 1933 Act or becomes such an
issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) of the 1933 Act.

(x) Dividend
Rate means, as of any date of determination, eight percent (8%) per annum; provided, further, that such Divided Rate shall
be subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with Section 3.

(y) Eligible
Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the
Nasdaq Capital Market.

37

(z) Equity
Conditions means, with respect to an given date of determination: (i) on each day during the period beginning thirty calendar
days prior to such applicable date of determination and ending on and including such applicable date of determination all shares of Common
Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring this determination, (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth
herein)) (each, a Required Minimum Securities Amount) shall be eligible for sale pursuant to a resale registration
statement or pursuant to Rule 144 (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) without the need for registration under any applicable federal
or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Preferred Shares, other issuance of securities
with respect to the Preferred Shares) and no Current Public Information Failure exists or is continuing; (ii) on each day during the
period beginning thirty calendar days prior to the applicable date of determination and ending on and including the applicable date of
determination (the Equity Conditions Measuring Period), the Common Stock (including all shares of Common Stock issued
or issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares) is listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) on an Eligible Market and
shall not have been suspended from trading on an Eligible Market (other than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and occurring
prior to the applicable date of determination due to business announcements by the Company) nor shall delisting or suspension by an Eligible
Market have been threatened (with a reasonable prospect of delisting occurring after giving effect to all applicable notice, appeal,
compliance and hearing periods) or reasonably likely to occur or pending as evidenced by (A) a writing by such Eligible Market or (B)
the Company falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed
or designated for quotation, as applicable; provided that the Company is not eligible for extension or appeal of such listing deficiency;
(iii) during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company shall have delivered all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Preferred Shares on a timely basis as set forth in Section 4 hereof and all other shares of capital stock required to be delivered
by the Company on a timely basis as set forth in the other Transaction Documents; (iv) any shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection
with the event requiring determination may be issued in full without violating Section 4(d) hereof; (v) any shares of Common Stock to
be issued in connection with the event requiring determination may be issued in full without violating the rules or regulations of the
Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable); (vi) on each day during the Equity
Conditions Measuring Period, no public announcement of a pending, proposed or intended Fundamental Transaction shall have occurred which
has not been abandoned, terminated or consummated; (vii) the Company shall have no knowledge of any fact that would reasonably be expected
to cause the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount of shares of Common Stock issuable in connection with the event requiring
such determination to not be eligible for sale pursuant to a resale registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144 without the need for
registration under any applicable federal or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Preferred
Shares, other issuance of securities with respect to the Preferred Shares), (viii) none of the Holders shall be in possession of any
material, non-public information provided to any of them by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates,
employees, officers, representatives, agents or the like; (ix) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company
otherwise shall have been in compliance with each, and shall not have breached any representation or warranty in any material respect
(other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be breached in any respect)
or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, including, without limitation, the Company shall not have failed
to timely make any payment pursuant to any Transaction Document; (x) on the applicable date of determination (A) no Authorized Share
Failure shall exist or be continuing and the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount of shares of Common Stock are available under
the Certificate of Incorporation and reserved by the Company to be issued pursuant to this Certificate of Designation and (B) all shares
of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring this determination may be issued in full without resulting in an
Authorized Share Failure; (xi) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, there shall not have occurred and there shall
not exist a Triggering Event or an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute a Triggering Event; or (xii)
the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the event requiring the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions are duly authorized and
listed and eligible for trading without restriction on an Eligible Market.

(aa) Equity
Conditions Failure means that on any day during the period commencing twenty (20) Trading Days prior to such applicable date
of determination, the Equity Conditions have not been satisfied (or waived in writing by the applicable Holder).

38

(bb) Excluded
Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock or standard options to purchase Common Stock issued to directors, officers, employees
or consultants of the Company for services rendered to the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan (as defined
above), provided that the exercise price of any such options is not lowered, none of such options are amended to increase the number
of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such options are otherwise materially changed in any manner
that adversely affects any of the Holders; (ii) shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exercise, as applicable, of Convertible
Securities or Options (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered
by clause (i) above) issued prior to the Closing Date, provided that the conversion price or exercise price, as applicable, of any such
Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that
are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none of such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard options to purchase
Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are amended to increase the number of shares
issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard options to
purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are otherwise materially changed
in any manner that adversely affects any of the Holders (such shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to clause (i) above and this clause
(ii), collectively, the Permitted Approved Stock Plan Issuances); (iii) the Preferred Shares, the Incremental Warrants
and the Incremental Warrant Shares and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares, the Preferred Shares
issuable upon exercise or cancellation of the Incremental Warrants or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designation;
provided, that the terms of this Certificate of Designation are not amended, modified or changed on or after the Closing Date (other
than antidilution adjustments pursuant to the terms thereof in effect as of the Closing Date); (iv) up to 3,130,000 of penny warrants
to purchase shares of Common Stock issued to the Term Loan Lenders in connection with the Term Loan (the Permitted Penny Warrants);
and (v) the Permitted Facility.

(cc) FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Certificate of Designation (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections
of the Code.

39

(dd) Floor
Price means, (i) for any Preferred Shares issued on the Initial Issuance Date pursuant to the Company Shelf Registration Statement
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement), $1.00, (ii) for any Preferred Shares issued on the Initial Issuance Date that are not otherwise
registered for sale pursuant to the Company Shelf Registration Statement, $0.424 and (iii) for any Preferred Shares issued after the
Initial Issuance Date, 20% of the Nasdaq Minimum Price of the Common Stock (as defined by Nasdaq) as of the Trading Day ended immediately
prior to the date such Preferred Shares are issued (in each case, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations,
recapitalizations and similar events)); provided that, on any date following the six (6) month anniversary of the Issuance Date (each,
an Adjustment Date), if the Floor Price then in effect is higher than the Adjusted Floor Price with respect to the
Adjustment Date, on such Adjustment Date the Required Holder may elect to reduce the Floor Price to such applicable Adjusted Floor Price;
provided, that in the event the Company, at its discretion, seeks the approval of the Principal Market to lower the Floor Price to such
applicable Adjusted Floor Price on such Adjustment Date and the Principal Market prohibits such adjustment, the Floor Price shall not
be lowered to such applicable Adjusted Floor Price.

(ee) Fundamental
Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise,
in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation)
another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or
assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more
Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Common
Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders
of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as
if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party
to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject
Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become
collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually
or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated
with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z)
such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common
Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related
transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance,
tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever,
of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50%
of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of
the date of this Certificate of Designation calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding,
or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity
securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring
other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company or (C)
directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of
or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this
definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the
terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

40

(ff) GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

(gg) Going
Private Transaction means any Change of Control (i) pursuant to which, the Company (and the Successor Entity, if applicable)
ceases to have any securities registered under the 1934 Act or (ii) that results in the purchase and/or cancellation of all of the Common
Stock of the Company solely for cash (and not in whole, or in part, for any other securities of any Person).

(hh) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(ii) Governmental
Authority means any federal, foreign, state, county, municipal, provincial, or local governmental authority, court, judicial
body, arbitration tribunal, government or self-regulatory organization, commission, tribunal or organization, or any regulatory, administrative,
or other agency, or any political or other subdivision, department, commission, board, bureau, branch, division, ministry, or instrumentality
of any of the foregoing.

(jj) Incremental
Warrants means the warrants to acquire Preferred Shares issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

41

(kk) Indebtedness
means of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed
as the deferred purchase price of property or services, including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied for the periods covered thereby (other than trade payables
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect
to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar
instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all
indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case
with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller
or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations
under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently
applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F)
above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any
mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever in or upon any property
or assets (including accounts and contract rights) with respect to any asset or property owned by any Person, even though the Person
which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations
in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above.

(ll) Intellectual
Property Rights means, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, all of their rights or licenses to use all trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, original works of authorship, patents, patent rights, copyrights,
inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights and all applications
and registrations therefor.

(mm) Investment
means any beneficial ownership (including stock, partnership or limited liability company interests) of or in any Person, or any loan,
advance or capital contribution to any Person or the acquisition of all, or substantially all, of the assets of another Person or the
purchase of any assets of another Person for greater than the fair market value of such assets.

(nn) Liquidation
Event means, whether in a single transaction or series of transactions, the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company or such Subsidiaries the assets of which constitute all or substantially all of the assets of the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

42

(oo) Market
Price means, with respect to any Adjustment Date, the Closing Bid Price of the Common Stock as of the Trading Day ended immediately
prior to such applicable Adjustment Date.

(pp) Material
Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations, results of
operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, individually or taken as a whole,
or on the transactions contemplated hereby or on the other Transaction Documents (as defined below), or by the agreements and instruments
to be entered into in connection therewith or on the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents.

(qq) Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(rr) Parent
Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or
equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the
Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(ss) Permitted
Facility means the Companys committed equity facility pursuant to its ChEF Purchase Agreement dated October 7, 2022,
between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets LLC, as amended from time to time; provided, that (i) the sales of Common Stock pursuant
to such committed equity facility shall not exceed 5% of the average daily traded volume of the Common Stock on any Eligible Market,
(ii) no share of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant to such committed equity facility at a price per share less than the greater of
(x) 150% of the Floor Price and (y) $1.00 and (iii) the aggregate proceeds of sales of Common Stock pursuant to such committed equity
facility shall not exceed $12,000,000; provided further, that, with respect to clause (i), such percentage shall increase to 7% after
the Registration Effectiveness Date.

(tt) Permitted
Indebtedness means (i) Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 3(s) to the Purchase Agreement, as in effect as of the Closing Date,
(ii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens or unsecured but as described in clauses (iv) and (v) of the definition of Permitted Liens,
(iii) up to $86,500,000 of principal amount of Indebtedness issued pursuant to the Companys senior secured term loan facility
(as amended, the Term Loan) with Alter Domus (US) LLC, as agent, and each of Energy Impact Partners Credit Fund
I, LP, Energy Impact Partners Credit Fund II, LP and BP Holdings XVII (collectively with any other lenders from time to time party thereto,
the Term Loan Lenders), plus all interest accruing thereon (including interest payable in kind and capitalized to
principal) (the Existing Term Loan Indebtedness), (iv) up to $20,000,000 of additional Indebtedness with Term Loan
Lenders (the Additional Term Loan Indebtedness and together with the Existing Term Loan Indebtedness the Permitted
Term Loan Indebtedness), (v) up to $10,000,000 of additional Indebtedness for borrowed money from lenders (other than Term
Loan Lenders) and (vi) up to $50,000,000 of Indebtedness issuable in connection with the formation and/or operations of certain Subsidiaries
as set forth on Schedule 3(s) to the Purchase Agreement; provided that (A) such Indebtedness shall not constitute a Convertible Security,
an Option, or convertible into, or exercisable for, any equity interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) the collateral
securing such Indebtedness is limited to the assets owned or held directly by such Subsidiary and (C) such Indebtedness is funded concurrently
with receipt of a grant to such Subsidiary from a Governmental Authority.

43

(uu) Permitted
Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for
which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business
by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as
materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to
a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens (A) upon
or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or Indebtedness
incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time
of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds
of such equipment, in either case, with respect to Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000, (v) Liens incurred in
connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clause (iv) above,
provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal
amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vi) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities
arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, and Liens arising from judgments,
decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting a Triggering Event under Section 5(a)(xi) and (vii) Liens securing the Permitted
Term Loan Indebtedness.

(vv) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(ww) Principal
Market means, as of any time of determination, the principal trading market, if any, in which the shares of Common Stock then
trade.

(xx) Purchase
Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the initial Holder, dated as of the
Closing Date, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

(yy) Registration
Effectiveness Date means the date on which the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares are registered
for resale pursuant to an effective and available registration statement.

44

(zz) Required
Holder means (i) JAK Opportunities XVII LLC or any of its assigns so long as they hold any of the Preferred Shares or (ii)
otherwise, holders of a majority of the Preferred Shares as of such time.

(aaa) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(bbb) Stated
Value shall mean $10,000 per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations,
reclassifications, combinations, subdivisions or other similar events occurring after the Initial Issuance Date with respect to the Preferred
Shares.

(ccc) Stock
Combination Event means the occurrence at any time and from time to time on or after the Closing Date of any stock split,
stock dividend, stock combination recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock.

(ddd) Subsequent
Placement means any direct, or indirect, issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase, or otherwise disposal
of (or announcement of any issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase or other disposition of) any equity security
or any equity-linked or related security (including, without limitation, any equity security (as that term is defined under
Rule 405 promulgated under the 1933 Act), any Convertible Securities, any debt, any preferred stock or any purchase rights) by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

(eee) Subject
Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(fff) Subsidiary
shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(ggg) Successor
Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Required Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving
any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Required Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction
shall have been entered into.

(hhh) Trading
Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any
day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for
the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that
Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less
than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market
(or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the
hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the applicable Holder
or (y) with respect to all determinations other than price determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New York
Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

45

(iii) Transaction
Documents means the Purchase Agreement, this Certificate of Designation and each of the other agreements and instruments entered
into or delivered by the Company or any of the Holders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, all
as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

(jjj) VWAP
means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board
for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest
closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security
on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Required Holder. If the Company and the Required Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such
security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 23. All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

33. Disclosure.
Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Certificate of Designation, unless the Company
has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public information relating to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York city time on the Business Day immediately
following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise.
In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the applicable Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or promptly (but no later
than the next Business Day) following receipt of notice from such Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication
in such notice (or notification from the Company promptly (but no later than the next Business Day) following receipt of notice from
such Holder), such Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the notice does not constitute material, non-public
information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this Section 33 shall limit any obligations of the
Company, or any rights of any Holder, under Section 4(i) of the Purchase Agreement.

[The
remainder of the page is intentionally left blank]

46

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Designation of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. to be signed by its President
and Chief Executive Officer on this 26th day of February, 2025.

DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: /s/ Denis
Phares

Name: Denis Phares

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
I

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

CONVERSION
NOTICE

Reference
is made to the Certificate of Designation of the Certificate of Incorporation of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company) establishing the terms, preferences and rights of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001
par value (the Preferred Shares) of the Company (the Certificate of Designation). In accordance
with and pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of Preferred Shares indicated
below into shares of common stock, $0.0001 value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, as of the date specified
below.

Date of Conversion: ____________________________________________________

Aggregate
number of Preferred

Shares to be converted: _______________________________________

Aggregate
Stated Value of such 

Preferred Shares to be converted: _______________________________________

Aggregate
accrued and unpaid 

Dividends with respect to such

Preferred Shares to be converted: _______________________________________

AGGREGATE CONVERSION

AMOUNT TO BE CONVERTED: _______________________________________

Please confirm the following information: Conversion Price:

Conversion Price: ____________________________________________________

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued: ______________________________________

If
this Conversion Notice is being delivered with respect to an Alternate Conversion, check here if Holder is electing to use the following
Alternate Conversion Price: _________________

Please
issue the Common Stock into which the applicable Preferred Shares are being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check
here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue
to: 

Check
here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC
Participant: _____________________________________________________

DTC
Number: 

________________________________________________________

Account

Number: 

Date:
_____________, ____, _____

Name
of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax
ID: ______________________________

E-mail
Address:

EXHIBIT
II

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The
Company hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice, (a) certifies that the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock [are][are
not] eligible to be resold by the applicable Holder either (i) pursuant to Rule 144 or Section 4(a)(1) of the 1933 Act (subject to such
Holders execution and delivery to the Company of a customary 144 or Section 4(a)(1) representation letter) or (ii) an effective
and available registration statement and (b) hereby directs ________________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common
Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated____________, 20____ from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by_______________________.

DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

[FORM
OF INCREMENTAL WARRANT]

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO
THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. THE NUMBER OF SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 1(a)
OF THIS WARRANT.

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp.

Warrant
To Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

Warrant
No.: [ ]

Issuance
Date: [____], 202[ ]

Maximum
Stated Value of Preferred Shares Issuable: $2,000,000 

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK (the Incremental Warrant) certifies that, for value received,
JAK Opportunities XVII LLC or its permitted assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the
limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Issuance Date)
and on or prior to the earlier of (i) the thirty-three (33) month anniversary of the Registration Effectiveness Date and (ii)(A) the
consummation of a Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) and (B) the consummation of a redemption of the then
outstanding Preferred Shares in full pursuant to Section 9 of the Certificate of Designation (as defined below) (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Shares). The purchase
price of a Preferred Share, or portion thereof, under this Incremental Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section
2(b). This Incremental Warrant is one of the Incremental Warrants issued pursuant to Section 1 of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated as of February 26, 2025, by and among the Company and the investors referred to therein, as amended from time to time (the Purchase
Agreement).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Section 1 or elsewhere in this Incremental Warrant shall have
the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate
of Designations has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1

Common
Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which
such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

Principal
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Registration
Effectiveness Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any
day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for
the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that
Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less
than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market
(or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the
hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y)
with respect to all determinations other than price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The
New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

Transfer
Agent means the transfer agent of the Company, if any, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Incremental Warrant may be made, in whole or in increments
of $500,000 (the Minimum Increment Amount) at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date and on or before the
Termination Date (an Exercise Date) by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as
it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of
a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Exercise Notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Exercise Notice). Within two (2) Trading Days following such Exercise Date, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Preferred Shares in the stated value specified in the applicable Exercise Notice by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Exercise Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Notice form be required. The Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Incremental Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Preferred Shares available hereunder and
the Incremental Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Incremental Warrant to the Company
for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Exercise Notice is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Incremental Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Preferred Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Preferred Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Preferred
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Preferred Shares purchased and the date of
such purchases.

2

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price to fund the purchase of the maximum stated value of Preferred Shares issuable under this Incremental
Warrant shall be $2,000,000, subject to adjustment hereunder, with the exercise price of each Preferred Share equal to $10,000 (the Exercise
Price). For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in the event the Holder
delivers an Exercise Notice for the purchase of Preferred Shares with a stated value less than the maximum stated value of Preferred
Shares issuable under this Incremental Warrant, the Exercise Price for the purchase of such Preferred Shares shall be the face value
of such Preferred Shares specified in the applicable Exercise Notice, provided that in each case such Exercise Notice shall be for the
purchase of not less than the Minimum Increment Amount.

c)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Shares Upon Exercise. On the date on which the Company has received an Exercise Notice, the Company shall transmit
by facsimile or electronic mail an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of such Exercise Notice, in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B, to the Holder and the Transfer Agent, which confirmation shall constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process
such Exercise Notice in accordance with the terms herein. On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which
the Company has received such Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the Exchange Act or other applicable law,
rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of such Preferred Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date), the Company shall
issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in
the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Preferred Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such exercise.
Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice and payment of the Exercise Price, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Preferred Shares with respect to which this Incremental Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of
the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Preferred Shares (as the case may be). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys
failure to deliver Preferred Shares to the Holder on or prior to the later of (i) three (3) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable
Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the Exchange Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement
of a trade of such Preferred Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date) and (ii) the date of the Companys receipt of the
aggregate Exercise Price (such later date, the Delivery Date) shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Incremental
Warrant.

ii.
Delivery of New Incremental Warrants Upon Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if this Incremental
Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Incremental Warrant
certificate, at the time of delivery of the Preferred Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Incremental Warrant evidencing the rights of
the Holder to purchase the unpurchased stated value of the Preferred Shares called for by this Incremental Warrant, which new Incremental
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Incremental Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to deliver the Preferred Shares by the 3rd Trading Day following the Delivery
Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

3

iv.
Call Provision. Subject to the provisions of this Section 2(c), if, no earlier than [2 months following the Registration Effectiveness
Date]1[2 months following the most recent exercise or Call (as defined below) of an Incremental Warrant (but excluding any
partial exercises of this Incremental Warrant by the Holder prior to the Holders receipt of a Call Notice (as defined below))]2
(each, a Funding Date), (i) the VWAP for each of 20 Trading Days (the Measurement Period,
which 20 consecutive Trading Day period shall not have commenced until after the applicable Funding Date) exceeds $3.00 (subject to adjustment
for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the Issuance Date), (ii) the average daily
volume for such Measurement Period exceeds $300,000 per Trading Day, (iii) the aggregate stated value of the outstanding Preferred Shares
is less than or equal to $1,500,000, (iv) the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) are registered
for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement and (v) there has not been an Equity Conditions Failure (as defined in the
Certificate of Designations), then the Company may, within one (1) Trading Day of the end of such Measurement Period, call for cancellation
of all or any portion of this Incremental Warrant for which an Exercise Notice has not yet been delivered and require the Holder to exercise
in part or in full the number of Preferred Shares set forth in such Call Notice (as defined below) on the Call Date (as defined below)
(such right, a Call) for consideration equal to the applicable number of Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise
or cancellation of this Incremental Warrant. To exercise this right, the Company must deliver to the Holder an irrevocable written notice
(a Call Notice), indicating therein the portion of unexercised portion of this Incremental Warrant to which such
notice applies. If the conditions set forth below for such Call are satisfied from the period from the date of the Call Notice through
and including the Call Date (as defined below), then any portion of this Incremental Warrant subject to such Call Notice for which an
Exercise Notice shall not have been received by the Call Date will be cancelled at 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the third (3rd)
Trading Day after the date the Call Notice is received by the Holder or such other date mutually agreed by the Company and the Holder
(such date and time, the Call Date). For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall not submit an Exercise Notice
during the period beginning upon the Holders receipt of a Call Notice and ending at 5:30 p.m. on the corresponding Call Date.
Any unexercised portion of this Incremental Warrant to which the Call Notice does not pertain will be unaffected by such Call Notice.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Incremental Warrant, the Company may not deliver a Call Notice or require
the cancellation of this Incremental Warrant (and any such Call Notice shall be void), unless, from the beginning of the Measurement
Period through the Call Date, (1) the Company shall have honored in accordance with the terms of this Incremental Warrant all Exercise
Notices delivered prior to receipt by the Holder of a Call Notice, (2) the Registration Statement shall be effective as to all Incremental
Warrant Conversion Shares subject to this Incremental Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and the prospectus thereunder available
for use by the Holder, or Rule 144 shall be available without time, volume or manner of sale limitations, for the resale of all such
Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares, (3) there is a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance of all Securities
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) under this Incremental Warrant and the other shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, and (4)
the issuance of all Preferred Shares subject to a Call Notice shall not cause a breach of any provision of Section 2(c) herein. The Companys
right to call the Incremental Warrants under this Section 2(c)(iv) shall be exercised ratably among the Holders based on each Holders
initial purchase of Incremental Warrants.

1Include
for the first Incremental Warrant.

2Include
for each other Incremental Warrant.

4

Section
3. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 3(d) hereof,
this Incremental Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole
or in part, upon surrender of this Incremental Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with
a written assignment of this Incremental Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or
attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required,
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Incremental Warrant or Incremental Warrants in the name of the assignee or
assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Incremental Warrant evidencing the portion of this Incremental Warrant not so assigned, and this Incremental Warrant shall
promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Incremental Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Incremental Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender
this Incremental Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to
the Company assigning this Incremental Warrant in full. The Incremental Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be
exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Preferred Shares without having a new Incremental Warrant issued.

b)
New Incremental Warrants. This Incremental Warrant may be divided or combined with other Incremental Warrants upon presentation
hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Incremental
Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 3(a), as to any transfer
which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Incremental Warrant or Incremental
Warrants in exchange for the Incremental Warrant or Incremental Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All
Incremental Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Incremental Warrant and shall
be identical with this Incremental Warrant except as to the number of Preferred Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Incremental Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Incremental Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution
to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Incremental Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Incremental
Warrant, the transfer of this Incremental Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such
transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Incremental Warrant, as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel,
the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the transfer of this Incremental
Warrant does not require registration under the Securities Act.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Incremental
Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Preferred Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with
a view to or for distributing or reselling such Preferred Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

5

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Incremental Warrant or any share certificate relating to the
Preferred Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case
of the Incremental Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Incremental Warrant
or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Incremental Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and
dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Incremental Warrant or share certificate.

b)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

c)
[Reserved].

d)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Incremental Warrant
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense
of this Incremental Warrant shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
(the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York
Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts,
or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Incremental
Warrant. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Incremental Warrant, then the prevailing
party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses
incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Preferred Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Incremental Warrant, if not
registered and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities
laws.

f)
Nonwaiver. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.

g)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Exercise Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 12915 Old Virginia Road, Reno, Nevada 89521, Attention: Denis Phares, Ph.D., CEO and President,
e-mail address: denis@dragonfly.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to
the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address
of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email address appears on the books of the Company. Any notice or
other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the
email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (iii) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

6

h)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Incremental
Warrant to purchase Preferred Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability
of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

i)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to seek specific performance of its rights under this Incremental Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Incremental Warrant and hereby agrees
to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

j)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Incremental Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Incremental Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any permitted Holder from time to
time of this Incremental Warrant and shall be enforceable by such Holder or holder of Preferred Shares.

k)
Amendment. This Incremental Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the
Company and the Holder.

l)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Incremental Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Incremental Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law,
such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions
or the remaining provisions of this Incremental Warrant.

m)
Headings. The headings used in this Incremental Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose,
be deemed a part of this Incremental Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to be duly executed as of the
Issuance Date set out above.

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title:

[Signature
Page to Incremental Warrant]

EXHIBIT
A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

The
undersigned holder hereby elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock No. _______ (the Incremental
Warrant) of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company) as specified below. Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Incremental Warrant.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase Preferred Shares of the Company with a stated value of $________, pursuant to the terms of
the attached Incremental Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of:

in lawful money of the United States; or

(3)
Please issue said Preferred Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Preferred Shares shall be delivered in certificated form to the following name and to the following [Address]:

Issue
to: 

Date:
_____________ __,

_____________________

Name
of Registered Holder

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax
ID:____________________________

Facsimile:__________________________

E-mail
Address:_____________________

EXHIBIT
B

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The
Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated _________, 202_, from the Company and acknowledged and agreed
to by _______________.

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this
form and supply required information.

Do
not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] of the foregoing Incremental Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned
to _______________________________________________ whose address is _______________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address: 

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Incremental Warrant, without alteration
or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should
file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Incremental Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

PENNY
WARRANT

THIS
WARRANT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. THIS WARRANT MUST BE SURRENDERED TO THE COMPANY OR ITS TRANSFER AGENT AS A CONDITION
PRECEDENT TO THE SALE, TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION OF ANY INTEREST IN ANY OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY.

NUMBER
_________ ________________
WARRANTS

THIS
WARRANT WILL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (DEFINED BELOW)

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

WARRANT

THIS
WARRANT CERTIFIES THAT, for value received _____________, is the registered holder (the Holder) of a warrant or
warrants (the Warrant(s)) and is entitled to purchase up to fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (Shares), of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company)
at a purchase price per Share (the Warrant Price) of $0.01 per share (as adjusted from time to time in accordance
with this Warrant). This Warrant is issued in connection with that certain (i) Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement among Alter
Domus (US) LLC, Dragonfly Energy Corp., EICF Agent LLC and the other credit parties signatory thereto (as amended from time to time,
the Loan Agreement) and (ii) Fifth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement and Limited Waiver and
Amendment of Warrant Terms among Alter Domus (US) LLC, Dragonfly Energy Corp. and the other parties signatory thereto (the Limited
Waiver). The Warrant represented by this certificate is referred to herein as the Warrant Certificate.

1. Term
and Exercise of Warrants.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, this Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole
or in part, commencing the date hereof (the Issuance Date) and ending
on the ten-year anniversary of the issuance date of this Warrant (the Expiration
Date). This Warrant shall not be exercisable until such time as the Company has
received approval of its stockholders for such exercise in compliance with the rules and
regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

(b) The
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase Shares from the Company, commencing on the
Issuance Date upon surrender of this Warrant, delivery of the Notice of Exercise form attached
hereto (the Notice of Exercise) duly executed to the office of the Company,
Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., Attention: Chief Executive Officer, 12915 Old Virginia Road,
Reno, NV 89521, legal@dragonflyenergy.com (or such other office or agency of the Company
as it may designate by notice in writing to the Holder at the address of the Holder appearing
on the books of the Company) and payment of the Warrant Price (by cash or by check or bank
draft payable to the order of the Company or pursuant to Section 1(d) below) whereupon the
Holder shall be entitled to receive from the Company a stock certificate representing the
number of Shares so purchased. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
any warrant exercise.

(c) The
Holder shall have the right, in lieu of paying the Warrant Price in cash, to surrender a
number of Warrants having a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate Warrant Price (a Cashless
Exercise).

Fair
Market Value shall mean, as of any particular date of determination, (i) if the Shares are then traded or quoted on a nationally
recognized securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over- the-counter market (a Trading Market), the
average closing price or last sale price of the Shares reported for the five (5) business days prior to the applicable date of determination
(or, if the Shares have not been actively trading during the 5 business days prior to the applicable date of determination, the last
sale price of the Shares for the business day immediately prior to the applicable date of determination) and (ii) if the Shares are not
traded or quoted on a Trading Market, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) shall determine the fair
market value of a Share in its reasonable, good faith judgment, subject to the Holders right to dispute such determination as
provided in Section 1(d) below.

In
the event of such a Cashless Exercise, the number of Shares to be issued to the Holder shall be determined as follows:

X
= Y[(A - B)/A]

X
= the number of Shares to be issued to the Holder

Y
= the number of Shares with respect to which this Warrant is being exercised

A
= the Fair Market Value of one Share

B
= the Warrant Price

(d) In
the case of any dispute as to the determination of Fair Market Value, any closing price or
sales price of the Shares, the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Price or the number
of Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable, or any other computation required to be
made hereunder, if the Holder and the Company are unable to settle such dispute within five
business days (or such longer period as the parties may agree), then either party may elect
to submit the disputed matter(s) for resolution by an independent accountant, appraiser or
investment bank with relevant experience mutually acceptable to the Company and the Holder.
Such independent partys determination of such disputed matter(s) shall be binding
upon all parties absent demonstrable error, and the Company and the Holder shall each pay
one half of the fees and expenses of the independent party.

(e) If,
upon the Expiration Date, the Fair Market Value of one Share (or other security issuable
upon the exercise hereof) is greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such date, then
this Warrant shall automatically be deemed to be exercised on a Cashless Exercise basis as
of the Expiration Date as to all the Shares for which it shall not previously have been exercised,
and the Company shall, within a reasonable time, deliver a certificate representing the Shares
issued upon such exercise to the Holder (and if the Companys shares are uncertificated,
the Company shall deliver reasonably satisfactory evidence to the Holder signifying the valid
issuance of such uncertificated shares).

2. Issuance
of Shares; No Fractional Shares.

(a) Within
three business days after the exercise of this Warrant and the clearance of the funds in
payment of the applicable Warrant Price (if any) (the Delivery Deadline),
the Company, at its expense, shall issue to the registered holder of such Warrant a certificate
or certificates, or book entry position, for the number of Shares to which he, she or it
is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. Upon
any exercise of the Warrant for less than the total number of full Shares provided for herein,
there shall be issued to the registered holder hereof or the registered holders assignee
a new Warrant Certificate covering the number of Shares for which the Warrant has not been
exercised.

(b) If,
at the time of exercise, the Company has a transfer agent (the Transfer Agent),
then upon the exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, the Company shall, at its expense,
take all necessary action, including (if necessary) obtaining and delivering an opinion from
its counsel, to ensure that the Transfer Agent shall issue Shares in the name of the Holder
(or its nominee) or such other persons as designated by the Holder and in such denominations
to be specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. The Company represents and warrants
that if the Unrestricted Conditions set forth in Section 6 below are met, the Shares will
be free-trading, and freely transferable, and will not contain a legend restricting the resale
or transferability of the Shares and that no instructions other than the foregoing instructions
will be given to the Transfer Agent.

(c) If
the Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST)
program, upon written request of the Holder and in lieu of delivering physical certificates
representing Shares to be delivered under or in connection with this Warrant Certificate,
the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to
electronically transmit the Shares to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders
prime broker with the DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC)
system. The time periods for delivery and penalties described herein shall apply to the electronic
transmittals described herein. Any delivery not effected by electronic transmission shall
be effected by delivery of physical certificates.

(d) If
the Company fails to transmit, or cause the Transfer Agent to transmit, to the Holder the
Shares by the Delivery Deadline, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such Warrant
exercise.

(e) In
addition to any other rights available to the Holder, including the right to rescind the
exercise as provided above, if as a result of a failure to deliver the Shares by the Delivery
Deadline (so long as the failure to deliver the Shares is not caused by any action or inaction
by the Holder) (a Delivery Failure) the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage
firm otherwise purchases shares of the Companys capital stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale anticipated to be made by the Holder of all or portion of such Shares which are
the subject of such Delivery Failure (an Anticipated Sale), then the
Company shall (i) pay in cash to the Holder the amount by which (x) the Holders total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of the Companys
capital stock so purchased exceeds (y) an amount equal to the product of (A) the number of
Shares that the Holder anticipated to sell in such Anticipated Sale, multiplied by (B) the
Warrant Price that would have been payable for such Shares, and (ii) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of this Warrant and equivalent number of Shares in respect
of which such Delivery Failure occurred or deliver to the Holder the number of Shares that
would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its obligations hereunder to
issue such Shares upon such exercise. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice
indicating the amounts payable to the Holder, together with applicable confirmations and
other evidence reasonably requested by the Company.

(f) No
fraction of a Share will be issued upon any exercise of a Warrant. If the holder of a Warrant
would be entitled to receive a fraction of a Share upon any exercise of a Warrant, the Company
shall, upon such exercise, issue or cause to be issued only the largest whole number of Shares
issuable on such exercise (and such fraction of a Share will be disregarded).

(g) For
purposes of Rule 144, it is acknowledged and agreed that (i) the Shares issuable upon any
exercise of this Warrant in any Cashless Exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been
acquired on the Issuance Date, and (ii) the holding period for any of the Shares issuable
upon the exercise of this Warrant in any Cashless Exercise transaction shall be deemed to
have commenced on the Issuance Date.

3. Exchange
and Registry of Warrant.

(a) Warrant
Certificates, when surrendered at the office of the Company by the Holder in person or by
attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged without payment of any service charge,
for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the
aggregate a like number of Warrants.

(b) Upon
due presentment for registration of transfer of the Warrant Certificate at the office of
the Company, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing
in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee in exchange
for this Warrant Certificate, without charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental
charge.

The
Company shall keep and properly maintain at its principal executive offices a register for the registration of this Warrant and any transfers
thereof. The Company may deem and treat the person in whose name this Warrant is registered on such register as the Holder thereof for
all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary, except any assignment, division, combination or other
transfer of this Warrant effected in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant.

4. Anti-Dilution
Adjustments.

(a) Adjustments
for Change in Shares.

i. In
the event that, after the Issuance Date and prior to the exercise in full of this Warrant,
the outstanding the number of Shares shall be subdivided (by distribution, subdivision or
otherwise), into a greater number of Shares, the number of Shares issuable on the exercise
of each Warrant then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision,
be equally, ratably and proportionally increased, as determined in good faith by the Board,
which determination shall be final and binding on the Holders absent manifest error. In the
event the outstanding Shares shall be combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise,
into a lesser number of Shares, the number of Shares issuable on the exercise of each Warrant
then in effect shall, concurrently with the effectiveness of such subdivision, be equally,
ratably and proportionally decreased, as determined in good faith by the Board, which determination
shall be final and binding on the Holders absent manifest error.

ii. In
the event that, after the Issuance Date and prior to the exercise in full of this Warrant,
the Shares are exchanged for, or converted into, another form of equity security of the Company
or of any other entity, this Warrant shall be exercisable for an equivalent number of such
equity securities, at an equivalent Warrant Price, in each case as determined by the Board
acting reasonably, so as to provide the Holder with rights equitably equivalent to the rights
held by the Holder by virtue of this Warrant in effect immediately prior to such exchange
or conversion, and each reference herein to the Shares issuable on exercise of this Warrant
shall be deemed to be a reference to such other equity securities.

(b) Adjustment
for Issuance of Applicable Shares. If, after the Issuance Date, the Company shall issue
or sell any Shares (other than shares included in the Excluded Issuances, as defined below)
(the Applicable Shares), or options, warrants, convertible securities
and similar instruments exercisable or otherwise convertible or exchangeable for Applicable
Shares, in each case without consideration or for a consideration per Share initially deliverable
upon issuance, conversion or exchange of such securities less than $90 (as proportionately
adjusted to account for stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends or other distributions
and recapitalizations affecting the Common Stock on or after the Issuance Date) (the Original
Price), then effective immediately upon such issuance or sale, the number of Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to any such issuance or sale shall
be increased, and shall not be reduced, in accordance with the following formula:

S1
= S x [(OS + D) / (OS + PS)]

S1
= new number of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant

S
= then applicable number of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to the issuance or sale

OS
= the number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such securities D = the maximum number of Shares deliverable
upon issuance of such securities

PS
= the aggregate number of Shares which the aggregate amount of consideration received by the Company upon such issuance or sale would
have purchased at the Original Price

(c) Other
Dividends and Distributions. If the Company shall make or declare, or fix a record date
for the determination of holders of equity securities entitled to receive, a dividend or
any other distribution payable in cash, securities of the Company or other property, then,
and in each such event, the Company shall ensure that provisions are made so that the Holder
shall receive upon exercise of this Warrant, in addition to the number of the Shares receivable
thereupon, the kind and amount of cash, securities of the Company or other property which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this Warrant been exercised in full into
the Shares on the date of such event and had the Holder thereafter, during the period from
the date of such event to and including the date this Warrant is exercised, retained such
cash, securities or other property receivable by them as aforesaid during such period, giving
application to all adjustments called for during such period under this Section with respect
to the rights of the Holder; provided, that no such provision shall be made if the
Holder receives, simultaneously with the distribution to the holders of equity securities,
a dividend or other distribution of such securities, cash or other property in an amount
equal to the amount of such securities, cash or other property as the Holder would have received
if this Warrant had been exercised in full into the Shares on the date of such event.

(d) Certain
Events. If any event of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section but not
expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of
stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features) occurs,
then the Board shall make an appropriate adjustment in the number of the Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant so as to protect the rights of the Holder in a manner consistent
with the provisions of this Section; provided, that no such adjustment pursuant to
this Section 4(d) shall increase the Warrant Price or decrease the number of the Shares issuable
hereunder.

(e) Exceptions
to Adjustments. Except as specifically provided for herein, there shall be no adjustment
or readjustment to the number of Shares issuable in the following circumstances (each of
the following, an Excluded Issuance): (1) upon the exercise of this
Warrant or any of the other Warrants issued to the Companys other lenders on the Issuance
Date; (2) upon conversion, exercise or exchange of securities, including convertible debt
securities, outstanding prior to the Issuance Date; (3) pursuant to agreements in effect
as of the Issuance Date (provided that such agreements are not amended after the Issuance
Date to increase the number of securities, reduce the consideration payable in connection
with such securities, or otherwise change the terms of such agreements so as to have a dilutive
effect on this Warrant), but excluding the Series A Preferred Shares (and any shares deemed
to be issued upon conversion thereof) being issued after (but not on) the initial closing
date under that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of on or about even date herewith
by the Company and JAK Opportunities XVII LLC; (4) pursuant to the Companys management,
directors or other service providers as part of compensation and incentive programs approved
by the Board; (5) pursuant to any joint venture arrangement, strategic arrangements, real
property lease, financing transaction or other similar transaction in which equity financing
is not the purpose of the transaction; and (6) pursuant to any public equity offerings. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the parties agree that any equity securities issued in PIPE
transactions, and any equity securities issued pursuant to the Committed Equity Facility
shall be Excluded Issuances if the securities issued in such PIPE
transactions or pursuant to the Committed Equity Facility are issued for consideration equal
to at least $45 per share (as proportionately adjusted to account for stock splits, stock
combinations, stock dividends or other distributions or recapitalizations affecting the Common
Stock on or after the issue Date). For example (x) if the Company issues equity securities
in a PIPE Transaction or pursuant to the Committed Equity Facility, and the consideration
paid for those equity securities is $36 per equity security, then such issuance shall not
be an Excluded Issuance and the adjustment set forth in Section 4(b) shall apply,
and (y) if the Company issues equity securities in a PIPE Transaction or pursuant to the
Committed Equity Facility, and the consideration paid for those equity securities is $45
per equity security, then such issuance shall be an Excluded Issuance and the adjustment
set forth in Section 4(b) shall not apply. As used herein, Committed
Equity Facility means the ChEF Purchase Agreement by and between Chardan Capital
Markets LLC and Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., including any modification, amendment or
replacement thereof.

(f) Notice
of Adjustment. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the number of
Shares issuable on the exercise of each Warrant, the Company (at its expense) shall promptly
compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and, within 5
Business Days after the end of each calendar quarter in which such an adjustment or readjustment
has occurred, furnish to the Holder a notice setting forth (1) each such adjustment or readjustment
that occurred during the preceding quarter and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based and (2) the number of Shares issuable on the exercise
of each Warrant at the time in effect.

(g) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records, other than in
the ordinary course, in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant
to the terms hereof.

(h) Miscellaneous.
All calculations hereunder shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest twentieth
decimal place of a fractional Share, as the case may be.

5. Registration
Rights.

(a) As
soon as practicable following the Issuance Date but no later than thirty (30) calendar days
after the Issuance Date, the Company shall submit to or file with the SEC a registration
statement registering the resale of this Warrant, the Shares, and any securities issued or
issuable with respect to the Shares by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection
with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reclassification
or other reorganization or similar transaction (including Shares received pursuant to Section
4 above) (the Registrable Securities) on any form of registration statement
(a Registration Statement) as is then available to effect a registration
for resale of such Registrable Securities, which may be on Form S-1, for an offering to be
made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities Act registering the resale
from time to time by the Holder(s) (or a bona fide pledgee thereof) of all of the Registrable
Securities held by the Holder (or bona fide pledgee thereof) (the Initial Registration
Statement). The Holder shall not be named as an underwriter on any Registration
Statement, provided, that if the SEC requires that the Holder be identified as a statutory
underwriter in a Registration Statement, the Holder will have the option, in its sole and
absolute discretion, to either (i) withdraw from the Registration Statement, it being understood
that such withdrawal shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to register for resale
such Holders Registrable Securities at a later date or (ii) be included as such in
the Registration Statement. In the event that a Holder elects to include its Registrable
Securities on a Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing clause (ii), the
Company shall provide such Holder with a draft of such Registration Statement (and any amendments
or supplements thereto) as soon as reasonably practicable, and any disclosures contained
therein relating to such Holder shall be subject to the approval of such Holder (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Such Registrable Securities will cease to
become Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of: (A) a Registration Statement
with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities
Act and all Registrable Securities held by the Holder shall have been sold, transferred,
disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement by the applicable
Holder; (B) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (C) such securities may
be sold without restriction on volume or manner of sale in any three-month period pursuant
to Rule 144 or any successor rule promulgated under the Securities Act; and (D) all Registrable
Securities held by the Holder have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter
in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

(b) The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement
declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than the
earlier of (i) the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the filing date thereof if the
SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Registration Statement and
(ii) the tenth (10th) business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing,
whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or will not be subject to further review. The Company shall notify the Holders as promptly
as practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective and shall simultaneously
or prior thereto file with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) promulgated under the Securities
Act, and provide the Holders with copies of, any related prospectus to be used in connection
with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby (each, a Prospectus).
The Registration Statement shall contain a Prospectus in such form as to permit any Holder
to sell such Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any
successor or similar provision adopted by the Commission then in effect) at any time beginning
on the effective date for such Registration Statement, and shall provide that such Registrable
Securities may be sold pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available
to, and requested by, the Holders.

(c) The
Company shall maintain the Initial Registration Statement and any subsequent Registration
Statement in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the SEC such
amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep
the Initial Registration Statement and any subsequent Registration Statement continuously
effective, available for use to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable
Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until
such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities (the Effectiveness
Period).

(d) In
furtherance of the foregoing, the Company shall:

i. provide
copies to, and permit the Holder to review, the Registration Statement and all amendments
and supplements thereto not less than five (5) business days prior to the filing of the Registration
Statement and not less than one (1) business day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto (except any amendment or supplement in relation to
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
and any similar or successor reports) and provide the Holder a reasonable opportunity to
comment thereon, and the Company shall consider such comments in good faith before filing
any Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto;

ii. use
commercially reasonable efforts to (x) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension
of effectiveness and (y) if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order
as soon as practicable;

iii. prior
to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify or cooperate with the Holder and its counsel in connection with the registration
or qualification of such Registrable Securities for the offer and sale under the securities
or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions upon notice and as requested by the Holder and do
any and all other commercially reasonable acts or things necessary or advisable as requested
by the Holder to enable the distribution in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities
covered by the Registration Statement; provided, that the Company shall not be required in
connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction
where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this provision; (ii) subject
itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject
but for this provision; or (iii) file a general consent to service of process in any such
jurisdiction;

iv. use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration
Statement to be listed on each national securities exchange or other market on which similar
securities issued by the Company are then listed;

v. provide
a transfer agent or warrant agent, if any, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable
Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

vi. promptly
notify the Holder at any time prior to the end of the Effectiveness Period, upon discovery
that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the Prospectus included in
the Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a untrue statement of a material
fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus
(in the case of a Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made)
not misleading (a Misstatement), which the Holder will maintain in confidence,
and (i) promptly prepare, file with the SEC and furnish to such holder a supplement to or
an amendment of such Prospectus as may be necessary so that such Prospectus shall not include
such Misstatement or (ii) suspend the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of any
Registration Statement in accordance with Section 5(g) below;

vii. use
commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; and

viii. otherwise,
in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably
be requested by the Holder, consistent with the terms of this Warrant, in connection with
such registration.

(e) In
the event that any Holder holds Registrable Securities that are not registered for resale
on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company, upon written request of such Holder, shall
promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable
Securities to be covered by either, at the Companys option, any then available Registration
Statement (including by means of a post- effective amendment) or by filing a subsequent Registration
Statement and causing the same to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable after
such filing and such subsequent Registration Statement shall be subject to the terms hereof.

(f) If
the Initial Registration Statement ceases to be effective under Securities Act for any reason
at any time while Registrable Securities are still outstanding, the Company shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable to cause such
Initial Registration Statement to again become effective under the Securities Act or file
a subsequent Registration Statement registering the resale of all Registrable Securities
(determined as of two (2) business days prior to such filing) pursuant to any method or combination
of methods legally available to the Company.

(g) For
not more than ninety (90) consecutive days or for a total of not more than one-hundred twenty
(120) days, in each case, in any twelve (12) month period, the Company may suspend the filing,
initial effectiveness or continued use of any Registration Statement in respect of any registration
contemplated by this Section 5 in the event that the Company determines in good faith that
such suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material non-public information
concerning the Company, the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion
of the Company, in the best interests of the Company; (B) amend or supplement the affected
Registration Statement or the related prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus
shall not include any misstatement; or (C) require the inclusion in such Registration Statement
of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys
control (each, an Allowed Delay); provided that the Company shall promptly
(1) notify the Holder in writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without
the prior written consent of a Holder) disclose to such Holder any material non-public information
giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (2) advise the Holder in writing to cease all sales under
such Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay (but not, for the avoidance
of doubt, any sale pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption under the Securities
Act) and (3) use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as promptly
as reasonably practicable.

(h) In
the event that any Holder holds Registrable Securities that are not registered for resale
on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company, upon request of a Holder, shall promptly use
its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable Securities to
be covered by either, at the Companys option, the Initial Registration Statement or
a subsequent Registration Statement and cause the same to become effective as soon as practicable
after such filing and such Registration Statement shall be subject to the terms hereof.

(i) The
Company will pay all expenses associated with each Registration Statement, including filing
and printing fees, the fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and accounting fees
and expenses, costs associated with clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under applicable
state securities laws and listing fees, but excluding discounts, commissions, fees of underwriters,
selling brokers, dealer managers or similar securities industry professionals with respect
to the Registrable Securities being sold.

(j) The
Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Holder, and each of its officers, employees,
affiliates, directors, partners, members, managers, equityholders, attorneys, advisors and
agents, and each person or entity, if any, who controls (within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act)) the Holder (each, a Holder Indemnified
Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any
expenses, losses, judgments, actions, claims, proceedings (whether commenced or threatened),
damages, liabilities or costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys
fees) (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or based upon
any Misstatement contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable
Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary Prospectus, final Prospectus
or summary Prospectus contained in such Registration Statement, any amendment or supplement
to such Registration Statement, preliminary Prospectus, final Prospectus or summary Prospectus,
or any free writing prospectus relating to such Registration Statement, or any violation
by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable
to the Company or any state securities (or Blue Sky) law, rule or regulation and relating
to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any such registration; and
the Company shall promptly reimburse the Holder Indemnified Party for any reasonable, customary
and documented out-of-pocket legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred, as incurred,
by such Holder Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any such
Losses, except to the extent the Holder is liable to indemnify the Company for such Losses
pursuant to Section 5(k) below; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained
in this Section 5(j) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any claim or proceeding
if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, and the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent
that any such losses, judgments, claims, damages, liabilities or out-of-pocket expenses arises
out of or is based upon any Misstatement made in such Registration Statement in reliance
upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company, in writing, by the applicable
Holder Indemnified Party expressly for use therein.

(k) The
Holder will, in the event that any registration of any Registrable Securities held by the
Holder is being effected under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement and the Company
has required the Holder to provide such an undertaking on the same terms, indemnify and hold
harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers and each underwriter (if any), and
each other person, if any, who controls such underwriter within the meaning of the Securities
Act, against any Losses, insofar as such Losses arise out of or are based upon any Misstatement
contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities
was registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary Prospectus, final Prospectus or
summary Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement
thereto, if the Misstatement was made (or not made, in the case of an omission) in reliance
upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf
of such Holder expressly for use therein, and shall reimburse the Company and its directors
and officers for any reasonable, customary and documented out-of-pocket legal or other expenses
incurred by any of them in connection with investigation or defending any such Loss.

6. Transferability;
Compliance with Securities Laws.

(a) This
Warrant may not be transferred or assigned in whole or in part without compliance with all
applicable United States, state, and foreign securities laws by the transferor and transferee
(including the delivery of investment representation letters and legal opinions reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, if requested by the Company). Subject to such restrictions,
prior to the Expiration Date, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable by the
Holder hereof, in whole or in part, at the office or agency of the Company referred to in
Section 1(b) above. Any such transfer shall be made in person or by the Holders duly
authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Warrant together with the Form of Transfer attached
hereto properly endorsed.

(b) The
Holder of this Warrant, by acceptance hereof, acknowledges that this Warrant and the Shares
issuable upon exercise hereof are being acquired solely for the Holders own account
and not as a nominee for any other party, and for investment, and that the Holder will not
offer, sell, or otherwise dispose of this Warrant or any Shares to be issued upon exercise
hereof except under circumstances that will not result in a violation of the Securities Act
or any state or foreign securities laws. Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall,
if reasonably requested by the Company and if required by applicable law or regulation, confirm
in writing, in a form satisfactory to the Company, that the Shares so purchased are being
acquired solely for Holders own account and not as a nominee for any other party,
for investment, and not with a view toward distribution or resale.

(c) The
Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, and this Warrant may not be exercised
except by (1) the original purchaser of this Warrant from the Company or (2) an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Each certificate representing
Shares issued on exercise of this Warrant or other securities issued in respect of such Shares
upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or similar
event, shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following
form (in addition to any other legend required under applicable securities laws):

THE
SHARES OF COMMON STOCK EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR ANYAPPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS COVERING ANY SUCH TRANSACTION OR UNLESS THE COMPANY
SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF ITS COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION OF SUCH SHARES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED.

7. Removal
of Restrictive Legends. Neither this Warrant nor any certificates evidencing the Shares
or any other equity securities issuable or deliverable under or in connection with this Warrant
shall contain any legend restricting the transfer thereof in any of the following circumstances:
(i) while a registration statement covering the sale or resale of the Shares is effective
under the Securities Act; (ii) following any sale of this Warrant, any of the Shares or any
other equity securities issued or delivered to the Holder under or in connection herewith
pursuant to Rule 144; (iii) if this Warrant, the Shares or any other equity securities are
eligible for sale under Rule 144(b)(1); or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission) (collectively, the Unrestricted Conditions).
If the Unrestricted Conditions are met at the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Company
shall cause its counsel, at its expense, to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent,
if required by such Transfer Agent to effect the issuance of the Shares or any other shares
of equity securities issuable or deliverable under or in connection with this Warrant, as
applicable, without a restrictive legend or removal of the legend hereunder. If the Unrestricted
Conditions are met at the time of issuance of the Shares, then the Shares shall be issued
free of all legends.

8. Payment
of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that
may be imposed in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares upon the exercise of Warrants,
but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants
or such shares.

9. Representations
and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Holder as
follows:

(a) Due
Organization. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of the state of its formation and has all requisite corporate power
and authority to carry on its business as now conducted. The Company is duly qualified to
transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so
qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or properties.

(b) Authorization;
Binding Obligation. This Warrant has been duly executed by the Company and constitutes
its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms
of this Warrant. Except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights, all
corporate action has been taken on the part of the Company, its officers, directors, and
stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Warrant. The
Company has taken all corporate action required to make all the obligations of the Company
reflected in the provisions of this Warrant the valid and enforceable obligations they purport
to be. The issuance of this Warrant and the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
will not be subject to preemptive rights of any stockholders of the Company. No consent,
waiver, approval, authorization, exemption, registration, license or declaration is required
to be made or obtained by the Company, other than those which have been made or obtained,
in connection with (i) the execution or enforceability of this Warrant or (ii) the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the issuance of the Shares upon
exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Compliance
with Other Instruments. The authorization, execution and delivery of the Warrant will
not constitute or result in a default or violation of any law or regulation applicable to
the Company or any term or provision of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation
or bylaws, or any material agreement or instrument by which it is bound or to which its properties
or assets are subject.

(d) Valid
Issuance. This Warrant, and all the Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant, and all securities, if any, issuable upon conversion of the Shares, shall, upon
issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free of
any liens and encumbrances (including preemptive or similar rights) except for restrictions
on transfer provided for (i) in this Warrant, (ii) under applicable federal and state securities
laws, or (iii) in the Companys Certificate of Incorporation. Based in part upon the
representations and warranties of the Holder in this Warrant, this Warrant and all the Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal
and state securities laws. The Company covenants that it shall at all times cause to be reserved
and kept available out of its authorized and unissued capital stock such number of the Shares
and other securities for which this Warrant may be exercisable or for which the Shares may
be convertible as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of this Warrant.

(e) Capitalization.
The Companys summary capitalization table attached hereto as Schedule 1 is
true and complete, in all material respects, as of the Issuance Date. Except as described
on Schedule 1, there are no outstanding warrants, options, convertible securities
or other rights, agreements or arrangements of any character (other than equity grants promised
to service providers in offer letters or similar agreements in the ordinary course of business,
all of which grants will be made from the existing pool that is reflected in the fully diluted
capitalization of the Company shown on Schedule 1) under which the Company and any
of its subsidiaries is or may be obligated to issue any equity securities of any kind, and
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is currently in negotiations for the issuance
of any equity securities of any kind.

(f) No
Violation; Registration. The Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary
to ensure that all the Shares are issued without violation by the Company of any applicable
law or governmental regulation or any requirements of any trading market or securities exchange
upon which shares of the Companys common stock or other securities constituting the
Shares may be listed at the time of such exercise (except for official notice of issuance
which shall be immediately delivered by the Company upon each such issuance). If the Unrestricted
Conditions are satisfied at the time of exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall cause
the Shares, immediately upon such exercise, to be listed on any such trading market or securities
exchange upon which shares of common stock or other securities constituting the Shares are
listed at the time of such exercise.

10. No
Rights as a Stockholder; No Liability. Except as specifically set forth herein, this
Warrant, by itself, does not entitle the registered holder thereof to any of the rights of
a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends,
or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive
notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or the election of directors
of the Company or any other matter. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative
action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase the Shares, and no enumeration
herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Shares or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such
liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

11. No
Impairment.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, nothing contained in this Warrant shall affect, limit or
impair the rights and remedies of the Holder or its affiliates (x) in their capacity as a
lender, creditor, or similar, as applicable, to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, or (y) pursuant to any other agreements or instruments entered into by the Holder
(or its affiliates) and the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent (as defined in the Loan
Agreement) nor any of its affiliates, in exercising their rights as lenders will have any
duty to consider (i) its (or its affiliates) status as a direct or indirect shareholder
of the Company and its subsidiaries, (ii) its (or its affiliates) direct or indirect
ownership of the Shares of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (iii) any duty it (or
its affiliates) may have to any other direct or indirect shareholders of the Company and
its subsidiaries, except as may be required under the applicable loan documents.

(b) The
Company shall not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws, through any
shareholders, voting or similar agreement, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or
performed by it hereunder, but shall at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out
of all the provisions of this Warrant and in the taking of all such action as may reasonably
be requested by the Holder in order to protect the exercise rights of the Holder against
dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and purpose of this Warrant. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (x) will not increase the par value
of any the Shares above the then-applicable Warrant Price, (y) will take all such action
as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue
fully paid and nonassessable Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (z) will use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public
regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to
perform its obligations under this Warrant.

12. Effect
of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of
this Warrant and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

13. Modification
and Waiver. This Warrant and any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged
or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement
of the same is sought.

14. Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered
to the Holder or the Company shall be delivered through email, or shall be sent by certified
or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the Holder at its address as shown on the books of
the Company or to the Company at the address indicated therefor in the first paragraph of
this Warrant.

15. Governing
Law. This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights
of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York.

16. Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder
on the part of the Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice
the Holders rights, powers or remedies provided herein. If the Company willfully and
knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any
amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

17. Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations
evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of the Holder from time to time of this
Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of the Shares.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

Dated:
February __, 2025

DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Penny Warrant (___)]

Accepted
and Acknowledged by:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Penny Warrant (___)]

SCHEDULE
1

Fully
Diluted Capitalization of the Company as of the Issuance Date

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To
Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Exercise Warrants

The
undersigned Registered Holder irrevocably elects to exercise Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and to purchase
the Shares issuable upon the exercise of such Warrants, and requests that Certificates for such shares shall be issued in the name of

(PLEASE
TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)

(SOCIAL
SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

and be delivered
to 

(PLEASE
PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

and,
if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate for the
balance of such Warrants be registered in the name of, and delivered to, the Registered Holder at the address stated below:

Dated: 

(SIGNATURE)

(ADDRESS)

(TAX
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

(EMAIL
ADDRESS)

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To
Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Exercise Warrants

The
undersigned Registered Holder irrevocably elects to exercise Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and to purchase the Shares issuable upon the exercise of such Warrants, using
the Cashless Exercise method,
resulting in the issuance of Shares to the undersigned.

The
undersigned has calculated the number of Shares to be issued to it in accordance with the following formula set forth in Section 1(d)
of the Warrant:

X
= Y[(A - B)/A]

X
= the number of Shares to be issued to the Holder

Y
= the number of Shares with respect to which this Warrant is being exercised

A
= the Fair Market Value of one Share

B
= the Warrant Price

Where
the Fair Market Value of one Share is $[ ], being the [average closing price or last sale price of the Shares reported for the five (5)
business days prior to the applicable date of determination][last sale price of the Shares for the business day immediately prior to
the applicable date of determination]

The
undersigned requests that Certificates for such shares shall be issued in the name of

[_____________]

and
be delivered to

(PLEASE
PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

and,
if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate for the
balance of such Warrants be registered in the name of, and delivered to, the Registered Holder at the address stated below.

Dated: [______________________________________________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(ADDRESS AND EMAIL)

(TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

FORM
OF TRANSFER

To
Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Transfer Warrants

For
Value Received, hereby sell, assign, and transfer unto

(PLEASE
TYPE OR PRINT NAME AND ADDRESS)

(SOCIAL
SECURITY OR TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

and be
delivered to 

(PLEASE
PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS)

of the Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and hereby
irrevocably constitute and appoint Attorney
to transfer this Warrant Certificate on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: 

(Signature)

The
signature to the assignment of the Subscription Form must correspond to the name written upon the face of this Warrant Certificate in
every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a commercial bank or trust company
or a member firm of the NYSE American, Nasdaq, New York Stock Exchange, Pacific Stock Exchange, or Chicago Stock Exchange.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

50 West Liberty Street, Suite 750 

Reno, Nevada 89501 A Professional 

Main 775.323.1601 Law Corporation 

Fax 775.348.7250 

February
27, 2025

Board
of Directors

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp.

12915
Old Virginia Road

Reno,
NV 89521

Re: Dragonfly Energy Holdings
Corp. - Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as special Nevada counsel to Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), in
connection with the Companys preparation and filing of (i) the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-27559) (the Registration
Statement), which was declared effective on November 24, 2023, by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (as so filed, the Registration Statement) and
the related prospectus contained in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), and (ii) the prospectus supplement
to the Registration Statement, dated February 27, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) relating to the Offering (as
defined below).

We
are rendering this opinion letter in connection with the Registration Statement relating to the offer and sale (the Offering)
by the Company to a buyer (the Buyer), or its permitted designees, pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase
Agreement by and between the Company and Buyer, dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Securities Purchase Agreement), of
(i) 180 shares (the Preferred Shares) of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), which will be initially convertible into shares (the Conversion
Shares and, together with the Preferred Shares, the Securities) of common stock of the Company, $0.0001
par value per share (the Common Stock), in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation of Rights
and Preferences of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the COD). The Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares
are being issued and sold by the Company pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, Registration Statement and related Prospectus
Supplement.

PARSONSBEHLE.COM

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp.

February
27, 2025

Page
Two

As
counsel to the Company, we have examined such matters of fact and questions of law as we have considered appropriate for purposes of
rendering this opinion letter. With your consent, we have relied upon certificates and other assurances of officers of the Company and
others as to factual matters without having independently verified such factual matters. In rendering this opinion letter, we have assumed
that the issuance of the Securities will not exceed the number of authorized shares and that the Company will take such actions as required
by the Securities Purchase Agreement, including but not limited to obtaining Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement). We have assumed that, prior to conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares, shares of Common Stock
sufficient to meet the Companys obligations to issue such shares have been and will remain reserved for issuance upon conversion.
We are opining herein as to the Nevada Revised Statutes, and we express no opinion with respect to the applicability thereto, or the
effect thereon, of the laws of any other jurisdiction or, in the case of Nevada, any other laws, or as to any matters of municipal law
or the laws of any local agencies within any state.

Based
upon such examination, it is our opinion that (i) the Series A Preferred Stock has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action
on the part of the Company and, upon their issuance, delivery and payment therefor in the manner contemplated by the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and (ii) the Conversion Shares have been duly authorized by
all requisite corporate action on the part of the Company and, upon their issuance, delivery and payment therefor in the manner contemplated
by the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and COD, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable..

No
opinion is expressed herein as to. any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement and the related Prospectus Supplement,
securities laws and regulations administered by the Securities and Exchange Commission, state Blue Sky laws and regulations,
laws and regulations relating to commodity (and other) futures and indices and other similar instruments, banking and lending laws and
regulations, compliance with fiduciary duty requirements, lien or security interest laws, and tax laws and regulations. We have assumed
that the investments described in the Securities Purchase Agreement will not violate or constitute a default or breach under (a) any
agreement or instrument to which the Company is subject, (b) any law, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject other than the
NRS, (c) any judicial or regulatory order or decree of any governmental authority, or (d) any consent, approval, license, authorization
or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with any governmental authority. In connection with this opinion letter, we have
relied on oral or written statements and representations of officers or other representatives of the Company and others. Our knowledge
of the Company and its legal and other affairs is limited by the scope of our engagement, which scope includes the delivery of this opinion
letter. We do not represent the Company with respect to all legal matters or issues. The Company may employ other independent counsel
and, to our knowledge, handles certain matters and issues without the assistance of independent counsel.

This
opinion letter is given as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to advise you of changes that may hereafter be brought to our
attention.

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp.

February
27, 2025

Page
Three

We
consent to the inclusion of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and further consent to all references to
us under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in
the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Very truly yours,

/s/ PARSONS BEHLE & LATIMER

PARSONS BEHLA & LATIMER
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of February 26, 2025, is by and among Dragonfly Energy
Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation with offices located at 12915 Old Virginia Road, Reno, Nevada 89521 (the Company),
and each of the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers attached hereto (individually, a Buyer and collectively,
the Buyers).

RECITALS

A.
The Company and each Buyer is executing and delivering this Agreement (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement (the Company
Shelf Registration Statement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), as to certain
Preferred Shares and Conversion Shares (each as defined below) and (ii) in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated by the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the 1933 Act.

B.
The Company has authorized a new series of convertible preferred stock of the Company designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,
$0.0001 par value, the terms of which are set forth in the certificate of designation for such series of Preferred Stock (the Certificate
of Designations) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (together with any convertible preferred shares issued
in replacement thereof in accordance with the terms thereof, the Series A Preferred Stock), which Series A Preferred
Stock shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (such shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms
of the Certificate of Designations, including, without limitation, upon conversion or otherwise, collectively, the Conversion
Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations.

C.
Each Buyer wishes to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, (i) the aggregate
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares) set forth opposite such Buyers name in
column (2) on the Schedule of Buyers, of which, the Purchase Price attributable to the number of Preferred Shares set forth opposite
such Buyers name in column (3) on the Schedule of Buyers will be funded on the Closing Date (as defined below) and the Purchase
Price attributable to the number of Preferred Shares set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (4) on the Schedule of Buyers
will be funded within one (1) Business Day following the later of the date (such date the Holdback Date) on which
(x) the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares set forth opposite such Buyers name
in column (2) on the Schedule of Buyers that are not otherwise registered for sale pursuant to the Company Shelf Registration Statement
are registered for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement (the Registration Effectiveness Date)
and (y) the Stockholder Approval (as defined below) has been obtained and (ii) twenty (20) warrants, each to acquire the number of Preferred
Shares set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (5) on the Schedule of Buyers (the Incremental Warrant Shares),
substantially in the form attached here to as Exhibit B (the Incremental Warrants and such shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Incremental Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations,
collectively, the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares).

D.
At the Closing (as defined below), the parties hereto shall execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company has agreed
to provide certain registration rights with respect to the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement),
under the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable state securities laws.

E.
The Preferred Shares, the Conversion Shares, the Incremental Warrants, the Incremental Warrant Shares and the Incremental Warrant Conversion
Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1

AGREEMENT

1.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF PREFERRED SHARES AND INCREMENTAL WARRANTS.

(a)
Purchase of Preferred Shares and Incremental Warrants. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth in
Sections 6 and 7 below, the Company shall issue and sell to each Buyer, and each Buyer severally, but not jointly, agrees to purchase
from the Company on the Closing Date (as defined below) and the Holdback Date, as the case may be, the aggregate number of Preferred
Shares as is set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (2) on the Schedule of Buyers, along with twenty (20) Incremental Warrants,
each to acquire of the number of Incremental Warrant Shares set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (5) on the Schedule
of Buyers.

(b)
Closing. The closing (the Closing) of the purchase of the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants by
the Buyers shall occur at the offices of Pryor Cashman LLP, 7 Times Square, 40th Floor, New York, NY 10036. The date and time
of the Closing (the Closing Date) shall be 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the first (1st) Business Day on which the
conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below are satisfied or waived (or such other date as is mutually agreed to by
the Company and each Buyer). As used herein Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day
on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided,
however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay
at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the
closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems
(including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(c)
Purchase Price. The aggregate purchase price for the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants to be purchased by each Buyer
(the Purchase Price) shall be the amount set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (6) on the Schedule
of Buyers.

(d)
Closing and Form of Payment.

(i)
On the Closing Date, (i) each Buyer shall pay its respective Purchase Price (less, in the case of any Buyer, (A) the amounts withheld
pursuant to Section 4(g) and (B) the stated value of the aggregate number of Preferred Shares as is set forth next to such Buyers
name in column (4) on the Schedule of Buyers, which amount shall be funded within one (1) Business Day following the Holdback Date) to
the Company for the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants to be issued and sold to such Buyer at the Closing, by wire transfer
of immediately available funds in accordance with the Flow of Funds Letter (as defined below) and (ii) the Company shall deliver to each
Buyer (A) the aggregate number of Preferred Shares as is set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (3) of the Schedule of
Buyers and (B) twenty (20) Incremental Warrants pursuant to each of which such Buyer shall have the right to acquire up to such aggregate
number of Incremental Warrant Shares set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (5) on the Schedule of Buyers, duly executed
on behalf of the Company and registered in the name of such Buyer or its designee.

(ii)
On the Holdback Date, (i) each Buyer shall pay its respective Purchase Price (less, in the case of any Buyer, the amounts withheld pursuant
to Section 4(g)) attributable to the number of Preferred Shares set forth next to such Buyers name in column (4) on the Schedule
of Buyers to the Company for the Preferred Shares to be issued and sold to such Buyer, by wire transfer of immediately available funds
in accordance with the Flow of Funds Letter (as defined below) and (ii) the Company shall deliver to each Buyer the aggregate number
of Preferred Shares as is set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (4) of the Schedule of Buyers.

2.
BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

Each
Buyer, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company with respect to only itself that, as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date:

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Buyer is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization with the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (as defined below) to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

2

(b)
No Public Sale or Distribution. Such Buyer (i) is acquiring its Preferred Shares and Incremental Warrants, (ii) upon conversion
of its Preferred Shares will acquire the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion thereof, (iii) upon exercise or cancellation of its
Incremental Warrants will acquire the Incremental Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise or cancellation thereof and (iv) upon conversion
of its Incremental Warrant Shares will acquire the Incremental Warrant Conversion shares issuable upon conversion thereof, in each case,
for its own account and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof in violation
of applicable securities laws, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the 1933 Act; provided, however, by making the representations
herein, such Buyer does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific
term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an
exemption from registration under the 1933 Act. Such Buyer does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly,
with any Person to distribute any of the Securities in violation of applicable securities laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and any Governmental Entity (as defined below) or any department or agency thereof.

(c)
Accredited Investor Status; No Disqualifying Events. Such Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. To the extent such Buyer is a beneficial owner of 10% or more of Company Common Stock as of the date
hereof or as of the Closing Date, none of (i) such Buyer, (ii) any of such Buyers directors, executive officers, other officers
that may serve as a director or officer of any company in which it invests, general partners or managing members, or (iii) any beneficial
owner of the Companys voting equity securities (in accordance with Rule 506(d) of the 1933 Act) held by such Buyer is subject
to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3)except for Disqualification Events covered
by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the 1933 Act and disclosed reasonably in advance of the Closing in writing in reasonable detail to
the Company.

(d)
Reliance on Exemptions. Such Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the
truth and accuracy of, and such Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of such Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Buyer to acquire
the Securities.

(e)
Information. Such Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and
operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities that have been requested by such Buyer. Such
Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other
due diligence investigations conducted by such Buyer or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect such
Buyers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. Such Buyer understands that its investment
in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. Such Buyer has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities. Such Buyer has determined based on its own
independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate that its purchase of the Securities and participation in the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (i) are fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) comply
and are fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and other restrictions applicable to it, (iii) have been duly authorized
and approved by all necessary action, (iv) do not and will not violate or constitute a default under its charter, by-laws or other constituent
document or under any law, rule, regulation, agreement or other obligation by which it is bound and (v) are a fit, proper and suitable
investment for such Buyer, notwithstanding the substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities.

(f)
No Governmental Review. Such Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in
the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

3

(g)
Transfer or Resale. Such Buyer understands that except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement and Section 4(h) hereof:
(i) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered
for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company
(if requested by the Company) an opinion of counsel, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the effect that such Securities
to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) such
Buyer provides the Company with reasonable assurance that such Securities can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or
Rule 144A promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively, Rule 144); (ii) any sale of
the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144, and further, if Rule 144 is not
applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the Person through whom the sale is made) may be
deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933
Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation
to register the Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan
or financing arrangement secured by the Securities and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment
of the Securities hereunder, and no Buyer effecting a pledge of Securities shall be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof
or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including, without limitation,
this Section 2(g).

(h)
Validity; Enforcement. This Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement have been duly and validly authorized, executed and
delivered on behalf of such Buyer and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Buyer enforceable against such
Buyer in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

(i)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Buyer of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and
the consummation by such Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational
documents of such Buyer, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture
or instrument to which such Buyer is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
(including federal and state securities laws) applicable to such Buyer, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such
conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of such Buyer to perform its obligations hereunder.

(j)
Residency. Such Buyer is a resident of that jurisdiction specified below as its address on the Schedule of Buyers.

(k)
No Short Sales. Each Buyer hereby agrees solely with the Company, severally and not jointly, and not with any other Buyer, for
so long as such Buyer owns any Preferred Shares, Incremental Warrants or Incremental Warrant Shares, such Buyer shall not maintain a
Net Short Position (as defined below). For purposes hereof, a Net Short Position by a person means a position whereby
such person has executed one or more sales of Common Stock that is marked as a short sale (but not including any sale marked short
exempt) and that is executed at a time when such Buyer has no equivalent offsetting long position in the Common Stock (or is deemed
to have a long position hereunder or otherwise in accordance with Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act); provided, that, for purposes of such
calculations, any short sales either (x) consummated at a price greater than or equal to the Conversion Price (as defined in the Certificate
of Designations), (y) that is a result of a bona-fide trading error on behalf of such Buyer (or its affiliates) or (z) that would otherwise
be marked as a long sale, but for the occurrence of a Conversion Failure (as defined in the Certificate of Designations),
an Equity Conditions Failure (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) or any other breach by the Company (or its affiliates or
agents, including, without limitation, the Transfer Agent (as defined below)) of any Transaction Document, in each case, shall be excluded
from such calculations. For purposes of determining whether a Buyer has an equivalent offsetting long position in the Common
Stock, (A) all Common Stock that is owned by such Buyer shall be deemed held long by such Buyer, (B) at any time a Conversion
Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) is delivered by such Buyer to the Company, any shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable to such Buyer (or its designee, if applicable) in connection therewith shall be deemed held long by such Buyer
from and after the date of such Conversion Notice until such time as such Buyer shall no longer beneficially own such shares of Common
Stock, and (C) at any other time the Company is required (or has elected (or is deemed to have elected)) to issue shares of Common Stock
to such Buyer pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to such Buyer (or
its designee, if applicable) in connection therewith shall be deemed held long by such Buyer from and after the deadline
the Company is required to deliver such applicable shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Conversion Notice, until such time as such
Buyer shall no longer beneficially own such shares of Common Stock.

4

3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The
Company represents and warrants to each of the Buyers that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

(a)
Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly organized and validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, and have the requisite power and authority to own their
properties and to carry on their business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership
of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to
be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). As used
in this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets,
liabilities, operations (including results thereof) or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company or its Subsidiary, taken as
a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or in any of the other Transaction Documents or any other agreements or instruments
to be entered into in connection herewith or therewith or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
perform any of their respective material obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. Other than the Persons (as defined below)
set forth on Schedule 3(a), the Company has no Subsidiaries. Subsidiaries means any Person in which the Company,
directly or indirectly, (I) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (II)
controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually
referred to herein as a Subsidiary.

(b)
Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company, and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Preferred Shares and the reservation
for issuance and issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and the issuance of the Incremental
Warrants and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Incremental Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise or cancellation of the
Incremental Warrants) have been duly authorized by the Companys board of directors or other governing body, as applicable, and
(other than the filing with the SEC of one or more Registration Statements (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) in accordance
with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, a Form D with the SEC and any other filings as may be required by any state
securities agencies) no further filing, consent or authorization is required by the Company, its Subsidiaries, their respective boards
of directors or their stockholders or other governing body. This Agreement has been, and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party will be prior to the Closing, duly executed and delivered by the Company, and each constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws
relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification
and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law. The Certificate of Designations in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and is in full force and effect, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms and has not have been amended. Transaction Documents means, collectively, this
Agreement, the Preferred Shares, the Incremental Warrants, the Certificate of Designations, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions (as defined below) and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the
parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

5

(c)
Issuance of Securities. The issuance of the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants are duly authorized and upon issuance
in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive
or similar rights, mortgages, defects, claims, liens, pledges, charges, taxes, rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security interests
and other encumbrances (collectively Liens) with respect to the issuance thereof. As of the Closing, the Company
shall have reserved from its duly authorized capital stock not less than 100% of the sum of (i) the maximum number of Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Preferred Shares are convertible at the Floor
Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in effect as of the date hereof and (y) any such conversion shall not take
into account any limitations on the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock set forth in the Certificate of Designations) and (ii)
the maximum number of Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the maximum number of Incremental Warrant Shares
(assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares are convertible at the Floor Price (as defined in the
Certificate of Designations) then in effect and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion
of the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares set forth in the Certificate of Designations) initially issuable upon exercise or cancellation
of the Incremental Warrants (without taking into account any limitations on the exercise of the Incremental Warrants set forth therein).
Upon issuance or conversion in accordance with the Certificate of Designations or exercise or cancellation in accordance with the Incremental
Warrants, the Conversion Shares and the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares, respectively, when issued, will be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights or Liens with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being
entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Buyers
in this Agreement, the offer and issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Preferred Shares, the
Incremental Warrants, the Conversion Shares, the Incremental Warrant Shares and the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares and the reservation
for issuance of the Conversion Shares and the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate
of Incorporation (as defined below) (including, without limitation, any certificate of designation contained therein), Bylaws (as defined
below), certificate of formation, memorandum of association, articles of association, bylaws or other organizational documents of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any capital stock or other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) except as
set forth in Schedule 3(d), conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would
become a default) in any respect under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any
agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any
law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, foreign, federal and state securities laws and regulations
and the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Principal Market) and including all applicable foreign,
federal and state laws, rules and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts,
defaults, rights or violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder.

(e)
Consents. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any
filing or registration with (other than the filing with the SEC of one or more Registration Statements in accordance with the requirements
of the Registration Rights Agreement, a Form D with the SEC and any other filings as may be required by any state securities agencies),
any Governmental Entity (as defined below) or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or, except as set forth on Schedule 3(e),
any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under or contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations
which the Company or any Subsidiary is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been or will be obtained or effected
on or prior to the Closing Date, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are aware of any facts or circumstances which might
prevent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from obtaining or effecting any of the registration, application or filings contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth the SEC Documents, the Company is not in violation of the requirements of the Principal
Market and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which could reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock
in the foreseeable future. Governmental Entity means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or
other political jurisdiction of any nature, federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental
authority of any nature (including any governmental agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal),
multi-national organization or body; or body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative,
police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including any entity or enterprise
owned or controlled by a government or a public international organization or any of the foregoing.

6

(f)
Acknowledgment Regarding Buyers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Buyer is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby and that no Buyer is (i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) an affiliate
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iii) to its knowledge, a beneficial owner of more
than 10% of the shares of Common Stock (as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
1934 Act)). The Company further acknowledges that no Buyer is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and any advice given by a Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to such Buyers purchase of the Securities. The Company
further represents to each Buyer that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party has
been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its respective representatives.

(g)
No General Solicitation; Placement Agents Fees. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any
Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation
D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agents
fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for Persons engaged by any Buyer or its investment advisor)
relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, placement agent fees payable to Chardan
Capital Markets LLC, as placement agent (the Placement Agent) or as otherwise disclosed to the Placement Agent in
connection with the sale of the Securities. The Company shall pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, any liability, loss or expense
(including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim. Other than
the Placement Agent or as otherwise disclosed to the Placement Agent, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any
placement agent or other agent in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

(h)
No Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf
has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances
that would require registration of the issuance of any of the Securities under the 1933 Act, whether through integration with prior offerings
or otherwise, or cause this offering of the Securities to require approval of stockholders of the Company for purposes of the 1933 Act
or under any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange
or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated for quotation. None of the Company,
its Subsidiaries, their affiliates nor any Person acting on their behalf will take any action or steps that would require registration
of the issuance of any of the Securities under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of any of the Securities to be integrated with other
offerings of securities of the Company.

(i)
Dilutive Effect. The Company understands and acknowledges that the number of Conversion Shares and Incremental Warrant Conversion
Shares will increase in certain circumstances. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Conversion Shares pursuant
to the terms of the Certificate of Designations in accordance with this Agreement and the Certificate of Designations and the Incremental
Warrant Conversion Shares pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations in accordance with this Agreement, the Certificate
of Designations and the Incremental Warrants is, in each case, absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such
issuance may have on the ownership interests of other stockholders of the Company.

7

(j)
Application of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action,
if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison pill (including,
without limitation, any distribution under a rights agreement), stockholder rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under
the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise
which is or could become applicable to any Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
the Companys issuance of the Securities and any Buyers ownership of the Securities. The Company and its board of directors
have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating
to accumulations of beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(k)
SEC Documents; Financial Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(k), during the two (2) years prior to the date hereof,
the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, proxy statements, statements and other documents required to be filed by
it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits
and appendices included therein and financial statements, notes and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein
being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). The Company has delivered or has made available to the Buyers
or their respective representatives true, correct and complete copies of each of the SEC Documents not available on the EDGAR system.
As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules
and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were
filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As
of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect as of the time
of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),
consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes
thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary
statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results
of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments
which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate). The reserves, if any, established by the Company or the lack of
reserves, if applicable, are reasonable based upon facts and circumstances known by the Company on the date hereof and there are no loss
contingencies that are required to be accrued by the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5 of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board which are not provided for by the Company in its financial statements or otherwise. No other information provided by or on behalf
of the Company to any of the Buyers which is not included in the SEC Documents (including, without limitation, information referred to
in Section 2(e) of this Agreement or in the disclosure schedules to this Agreement) contains any untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, in the light of the circumstance
under which they are or were made. The Company is not currently contemplating to amend or restate any of the financial statements (including,
without limitation, any notes or any letter of the independent accountants of the Company with respect thereto) included in the SEC Documents
(the Financial Statements), nor is the Company currently aware of facts or circumstances which would require the
Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements, in each case, in order for any of the Financial Statements to be in compliance
with GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC. The Company has not been informed by its independent accountants that they recommend
that the Company amend or restate any of the Financial Statements or that there is any need for the Company to amend or restate any of
the Financial Statements.

8

(l)
Absence of Certain Changes. Since the date of the Companys most recent audited financial statements contained in a Form
10-K, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the business, assets, liabilities, properties,
operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except
as set forth in the SEC Documents or Schedule 3(l). Since the date of the Companys most recent audited financial statements
contained in a Form 10-K, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) declared or paid any dividends, (ii) sold any assets,
individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business or (iii) made any capital expenditures, individually or
in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in the SEC Documents or Schedule 3(l). Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any law or statute relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up, nor does the Company or any Subsidiary have any knowledge or reason
to believe that any of their respective creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or any actual knowledge of any
fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so. The Company and its Subsidiaries, individually and on a consolidated basis, after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur at the Closing, will not be Insolvent (as defined below). For purposes
of this Section 3(l), Insolvent means, (i) with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis,
(A) the present fair saleable value of the Companys and its Subsidiaries assets is less than the amount required to pay
the Companys and its Subsidiaries total Indebtedness (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), (B) the Company and
its Subsidiaries are unable to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities
become absolute and matured or (C) the Company and its Subsidiaries intend to incur or believe that they will incur debts that would
be beyond their ability to pay as such debts mature; and (ii) with respect to the Company and each Subsidiary, individually, (A) the
present fair saleable value of the Companys or such Subsidiarys (as the case may be) assets is less than the amount required
to pay its respective total Indebtedness, (B) the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) is unable to pay its respective debts
and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured or (C) the Company
or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) intends to incur or believes that it will incur debts that would be beyond its respective ability
to pay as such debts mature. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any business or in any transaction, and is
not about to engage in any business or in any transaction, for which the Companys or such Subsidiarys remaining assets
constitute unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and
is proposed to be conducted.

(m)
No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(m), to the Companys
knowledge, no event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is reasonably expected to exist or occur with
respect to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations
(including results thereof) or condition (financial or otherwise), that (i) would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable
securities laws on a registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC relating to an issuance and sale by the Company of its Common
Stock and which has not been publicly announced, (ii) would have a material adverse effect on any Buyers investment hereunder
or (iii) would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of or in
default under its Certificate of Incorporation, any certificate of designation, preferences or rights of any other outstanding series
of preferred stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Bylaws or their organizational charter, certificate of formation, memorandum
of association, articles of association, Certificate of Incorporation or articles of incorporation or bylaws, respectively. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will conduct its business in violation
of any of the foregoing, except in all cases for possible violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company is not in violation
of any of the rules, regulations or requirements of the Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances that could
reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. Except as set forth
in the SEC Documents, during the two years prior to the date hereof, (i) the Common Stock has been listed or designated for quotation
on the Principal Market, (ii) trading in the Common Stock has not been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market and (iii) the Company
has received no communication, written or oral, from the SEC or the Principal Market regarding the suspension or delisting of the Common
Stock from the Principal Market. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such
certificates, authorizations or permits would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the
Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate,
authorization or permit. There is no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the
effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of property
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the conduct of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted
other than such effects, individually or in the aggregate, which have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

9

(o)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, the Companys subsidiary or any director, officer, agent, employee, nor
any other person acting for or on behalf of the foregoing (individually and collectively, a Company Affiliate) have
violated the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA) or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption
laws, nor, to the Companys knowledge, has any Company Affiliate offered, paid, promised to pay, or authorized the payment of any
money, or offered, given, promised to give, or authorized the giving of anything of value, to any officer, employee or any other person
acting in an official capacity for any Governmental Entity to any political party or official thereof or to any candidate for political
office (individually and collectively, a Government Official) or to any person under circumstances where such Company
Affiliate knew or was aware of a high probability that all or a portion of such money or thing of value would be offered, given or promised,
directly or indirectly, to any Government Official, for the purpose of:

(i)
(A) influencing any act or decision of such Government Official in his/her official capacity, (B) inducing such Government Official to
do or omit to do any act in violation of his/her lawful duty, (C) securing any improper advantage, or (D) inducing such Government Official
to influence or affect any act or decision of any Governmental Entity, or

(ii)
assisting the Company or its Subsidiaries in obtaining or retaining business for or with, or directing business to, the Company or its
Subsidiaries.

(p)
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

(q)
Transactions With Affiliates. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents or on Schedule 3(q), no current employee, partner,
director, officer or 5% or greater stockholder (direct or indirect) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any associate, or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any affiliate of any thereof, or any relative with a relationship no more remote than first cousin of any of
the foregoing, is presently, or has ever been, (i) a party to any transaction with the Company or its Subsidiaries (including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services by, or rental of real or personal property from, or otherwise
requiring payments to, any such director, officer or stockholder or such associate or affiliate or relative Subsidiaries (other than
for ordinary course services as employees, officers or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries)) or (ii) the direct or indirect
owner of an interest in any corporation, firm, association or business organization which is a competitor, supplier or customer of the
Company or its Subsidiaries (except for a passive investment (direct or indirect) in less than 5% of the common stock of a company whose
securities are traded on or quoted through an Eligible Market (as defined below)), nor does any such Person receive income from any source
other than the Company or its Subsidiaries which relates to the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or should properly accrue
to the Company or its Subsidiaries, except as set forth on Schedule 3(q). No employee, officer, stockholder or director of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or member of his or her immediate family is indebted to the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case
may be, nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries indebted (or committed to make loans or extend or guarantee credit) to any of them,
other than (i) for payment of salary for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred on behalf of the Company,
and (iii) for other standard employee benefits made generally available to all employees or executives (including stock option agreements
outstanding under any Stock Option and Incentive Plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Company).

(r)
Equity Capitalization. 

(i)
Definitions:

(A)
Common Stock means (x) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (y) any capital
stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

(B)
Preferred Stock means (x) the Companys preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, the terms of which may
be designated by the board of directors of the Company in a certificate of designations and (y) any capital stock into which such preferred
stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such preferred stock (other than a conversion
of such preferred stock into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of such certificate of designations).

10

(ii)
Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (A) 250,000,000
shares of Common Stock, of which, 7,256,076 shares are issued and outstanding and 3,925,950 are reserved for issuance pursuant to Convertible
Securities (as defined below) (other than the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants) exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible
into, shares of Common Stock and (B) 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, of which, 5,000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred
Stock, none of which shares are issued and outstanding. No shares of Common Stock are held in the treasury of the Company. Convertible
Securities means any capital stock or other security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is at any time and under
any circumstances directly or indirectly convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to acquire, any capital stock or other security of the Company (including, without limitation, Common Stock) or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii)
Valid Issuance; Available Shares; Affiliates. All of such outstanding shares are duly authorized and have been, or upon issuance
will be, validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. Schedule 3(r)(iii) sets forth the number of shares of Common Stock
that are (A) reserved for issuance pursuant to Convertible Securities (other than the Preferred Shares, the Incremental Warrants and
shares to be issued under the Companys Stock Option and Incentive Plans) and (B) that are, as of the date hereof, owned by Persons
who are affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act and calculated based on the assumption that only officers, directors
and holders of at least 10% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock are affiliates, other than any holders
of 10% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock that the Company has determined, in consultation with its legal counsel,
are not affiliates, without conceding that any such Persons are affiliates for purposes of federal securities
laws) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, except as set forth on Schedule 3(r)(iii),
no Person owns 10% or more of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (calculated based on the assumption that
all Convertible Securities, whether or not presently exercisable or convertible, have been fully exercised or converted (as the case
may be) taking account of any limitations on exercise or conversion (including blockers) contained therein without conceding
that such identified Person is a 10% stockholder for purposes of federal securities laws).

(iv)
Existing Securities; Obligations. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents or on Schedule 3(r)(iv): (A) none of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys shares, interests or capital stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or Liens suffered
or permitted by the Company or any Subsidiary; (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any
shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares, interests or capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the 1933 Act (except pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement);
(D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar
provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (E) there are no securities or instruments containing
anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities; and (F) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.

(v)
Organizational Documents. The Company has furnished to the Buyers true, correct and complete copies of the Companys Articles
of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the Companys
bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Bylaws), and the terms of all Convertible Securities
and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

11

(s)
Indebtedness and Other Contracts. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(s), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries,
(i) has any outstanding debt securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing
Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound, (ii)
is a party to any contract, agreement or instrument, the violation of which, or default under which, by the other party(ies) to such
contract, agreement or instrument could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) has any financing statements
securing obligations in any amounts filed in connection with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) is in violation of any term
of, or in default under, any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, except where such violations and defaults
would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, or (v) is a party to any contract, agreement or instrument
relating to any Indebtedness, the performance of which, in the judgment of the Companys officers, has or is expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have any liabilities or obligations required to be disclosed
in the SEC Documents which are not so disclosed in the SEC Documents, other than those incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys
or its Subsidiaries respective businesses and which, individually or in the aggregate, do not or could not have a Material Adverse
Effect. For purposes of this Agreement: Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability,
contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the
primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee
of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that
the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

(t)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by the Principal Market, any
court, public board, other Governmental Entity, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Common Stock or any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
officers or directors, whether of a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their capacities as such, except as set forth in Schedule
3(t). No director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has willfully violated 18 U.S.C. 1519 or engaged
in spoliation in reasonable anticipation of litigation. Without limitation of the foregoing, there has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
any current or former director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order
suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Entity.

(u)
Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought
or applied for, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will be unable to renew its existing
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue
its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v)
Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or to the
Companys knowledge employs any member of a union. The Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relations with their employees
are good. No executive officer (as defined in Rule 501(f) promulgated under the 1933 Act) or other key employee of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries has notified the Company or any such Subsidiary that such officer intends to leave the Company or any such Subsidiary
or otherwise terminate such officers employment with the Company or any such Subsidiary. No current (or former) executive officer
or other key employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any
employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other contract
or agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each such executive officer or other key employee (as the case
may be) does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company
and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations respecting labor, employment and
employment practices and benefits, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where failure to be in compliance would
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

12

(w)
Title.

(i)
Real Property. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries holds good title to all real property, leases in real property, facilities
or other interests in real property owned or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the Real Property)
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable). The Real Property is free and clear of all Liens and is not subject
to any rights of way, building use restrictions, exceptions, variances, reservations, or limitations of any nature except for (a) Liens
for current taxes not yet due and (b) zoning laws and other land use restrictions that do not impair the present or anticipated use of
the property subject thereto. Any Real Property held under lease by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid,
subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be
made of such property and buildings by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ii)
Fixtures and Equipment. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as applicable) has good title to, or a valid leasehold interest
in, the tangible personal property, equipment, improvements, fixtures, and other personal property and appurtenances that are used by
the Company or its Subsidiary in connection with the conduct of its business (the Fixtures and Equipment). The Fixtures
and Equipment are structurally sound, are in good operating condition and repair, are adequate for the uses to which they are being put,
are not in need of maintenance or repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs and are sufficient for the conduct of
the Companys and/or its Subsidiaries businesses (as applicable) in the manner as conducted prior to the Closing. Each of
the Company and its Subsidiaries owns all of its Fixtures and Equipment free and clear of all Liens except for (a) liens for current
taxes not yet due and (b) zoning laws and other land use restrictions that do not impair the present or anticipated use of the property
subject thereto.

(x)
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, original works of authorship, patents, patent rights, copyrights,
inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights and all applications
and registrations therefor (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now
conducted and presently proposed to be conducted. Each of patents owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is listed on Schedule
3(x)(i). Except as set forth in Schedule 3(x)(ii), none of the Companys Intellectual Property Rights have expired or
terminated or have been abandoned or are expected to expire or terminate or are expected to be abandoned, within three years from the
date of this Agreement. The Company does not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of Intellectual
Property Rights of others. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(t), there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought,
or to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, being threatened, against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries regarding
its Intellectual Property Rights. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any facts or circumstances which might
give rise to any of the foregoing infringements or claims, actions or proceedings. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable
security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their Intellectual Property Rights.

(y)
Environmental Laws. (i) The Company and its Subsidiaries (A) are in compliance with any and all Environmental Laws (as defined
below), (B) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their
respective businesses and (C) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each
of the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater,
land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases
of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials)
into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

13

(ii)
No Hazardous Materials:

(A)
have been disposed of or otherwise released from any Real Property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in violation of any Environmental
Laws; or

(B)
are present on, over, beneath, in or upon any Real Property or any portion thereof in quantities that would constitute a violation of
any Environmental Laws. No prior use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Real Property has occurred that violates any Environmental
Laws, which violation would have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries knows of any other person who or entity which has stored, treated, recycled, disposed
of or otherwise located on any Real Property any Hazardous Materials, including, without limitation, such substances as asbestos and
polychlorinated biphenyls.

(iv)
None of the Real Properties are on any federal or state Superfund list or Liability Information System (CERCLIS)
list or any state environmental agency list of sites under consideration for CERCLIS, nor subject to any environmental related Liens.

(z)
Subsidiary Rights. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries has the unrestricted right to vote, and (subject to limitations imposed
by applicable law) to receive dividends and distributions on, all capital securities of its Subsidiaries as owned by the Company or such
Subsidiary.

(aa)
Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all
other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no
basis for any such claim.

(bb)
Internal Accounting and Disclosure Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintains internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act) that is effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, including that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and
to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of liabilities is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with
the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any difference. Except as
set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under
the 1934 Act) that are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or
submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms
of the SEC, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and its principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice or correspondence from
any accountant, Governmental Entity or other Person relating to any potential material weakness or significant deficiency in any part
of the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

14

(cc)
Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act
filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(dd)
Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and upon consummation of the sale of the Securities will not be, an investment
company, an affiliate of an investment company, a company controlled by an investment company or an
affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(ee)
Acknowledgement Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. It is understood and acknowledged by the Company that (i) following
the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in accordance with the terms thereof, none of the
Buyers have been asked by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to agree, nor has any Buyer agreed with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
to desist from effecting any transactions in or with respect to (including, without limitation, purchasing or selling, long and/or short)
any securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold any of the
Securities for any specified term; (ii) any Buyer, and counterparties in derivative transactions to which any such Buyer
is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock which was established prior
to such Buyers knowledge of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (iii) each Buyer shall not be deemed to
have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counterparty in any derivative transaction; and (iv) each
Buyer may rely on the Companys obligation to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange, as applicable,
of the Securities as and when required pursuant to the Transaction Documents for purposes of effecting trading in the Common Stock of
the Company. The Company further understands and acknowledges that following the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents pursuant to the Press Release (as defined below) one or more Buyers may engage in hedging and/or trading activities
(including, without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock) at various times during the period
that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value and/or number of the Conversion
Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares, as applicable, deliverable with respect to the Securities are being determined and such
hedging and/or trading activities (including, without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock),
if any, can reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interest in the Company both at and after the time the hedging
and/or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging and/or trading activities do
not constitute a breach of this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the Incremental Warrants or any other Transaction Document
or any of the documents executed in connection herewith or therewith.

(ff)
Manipulation of Price. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no Person acting
on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, (i) taken any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii)
sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities (other than the Placement Agent
and the Financial Advisor), (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) paid or agreed to pay any Person for research services with respect to any securities
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(gg)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or has ever been, and so long as any
of the Securities are held by any of the Buyers, shall become, a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897 of the Code, and the Company and each Subsidiary shall so certify upon any Buyers request.

(hh)
Registration Eligibility. The Company is eligible to register the Registrable Securities (defined in the Registration Rights Agreement)
for resale by the Buyers using Form S-1 promulgated under the 1933 Act.

(ii)
Transfer Taxes. On the Closing Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income or similar taxes) which are required
to be paid in connection with the issuance, sale and transfer of the Securities to be sold to each Buyer hereunder will be, or will have
been, fully paid or provided for by the Company, and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been complied with.

15

(jj)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of
a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(kk)
Shell Company Status. The Company is not, and has not been in the past twelve (12) months, an issuer identified in, or subject
to, Rule 144(i).

(ll)
Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the best of
the Companys knowledge (after reasonable inquiry of its officers and directors), any of the officers, directors, employees, agents
or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution
or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any Person
or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal
political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(mm)
Money Laundering. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with, and have not previously violated, the USA Patriot Act
of 2001 and all other applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the laws,
regulations and Executive Orders and sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, including, but not
limited, to (i) Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 entitled, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons
Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)); and (ii) any regulations contained in 31 CFR,
Subtitle B, Chapter V.

(nn)
Management. During the past five year period, no current officer or director has been the subject of:

(i)
a petition under bankruptcy laws or any other insolvency or moratorium law or the appointment by a court of a receiver, fiscal agent
or similar officer for such Person, or any partnership in which such person was a general partner at or within two years before the filing
of such petition or such appointment, or any corporation or business association of which such person was an executive officer at or
within two years before the time of the filing of such petition or such appointment;

(ii)
a conviction in a criminal proceeding or a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations that do not relate
to driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence);

(iii)
any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or
temporarily enjoining any such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities:

(1)
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission or an associated person of
any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director
or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct
or practice in connection with such activity;

(2)
Engaging in any particular type of business practice; or

16

(3)
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
securities laws or commodities laws;

(iv)
any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting
for more than sixty (60) days the right of any such person to engage in any activity described in the preceding sub paragraph, or to
be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

(v)
a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or other authority to have violated any securities law,
regulation or decree and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC or any other authority has not been subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated; or

(vi)
a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated.

(oo)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the applicable stock
option and incentive plans of the Company (the Stock Option and Incentive Plans) and (ii) with an exercise price at least
equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable
law. No stock option granted under the Companys Stock Option and Incentive Plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly
granted, and there is no and has been no policy or practice of the Company to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly
coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or
its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(pp)
No Disagreements with Accountants. There are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current
with respect to any fees owed to its accountants which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under
any of the Transaction Documents. In addition, on or prior to the date hereof, the Company had discussions with its accountants about
its financial statements previously filed with the SEC. Based on those discussions, the Company has no reason to believe that it will
need to restate any such financial statements or any part thereof.

(qq)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506(b) under the 1933
Act (Regulation D Securities), none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director,
executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner of 20% or more
of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term
is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer
Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any Disqualification Event, except
for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any
Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure
obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Buyers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(rr)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any Person (other than the Placement Agent and the Financial Advisor) that
has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of Buyers or potential purchasers in connection with
the sale of any Regulation D Securities.

(ss)
No Additional Agreements. The Company does not have any agreement or understanding with any Buyer with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in the Transaction Documents.

(tt)
Public Utility Holding Act. None of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a holding company, or an affiliate
of a holding company, as such terms are defined in the Public Utility Holding Act of 2005.

17

(uu)
Federal Power Act. None of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation as a public utility
under the Federal Power Act, as amended.

(vv)
[Reserved].

(ww)
Cybersecurity. The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks,
hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate
and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries
as currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Companys business. The Company and its Subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards
to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data
means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax
identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account number;
(ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act,
as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
(EU 2016/679); (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health information under the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA);
and (v) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no breaches, violations,
outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the
duty to notify any other person or such, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same except in each
case, where such would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy
and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification except in each case, where such would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xx)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in compliance with all applicable
state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
have taken commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May 25, 2018, have been and currently are in compliance
with, the GDPR (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy Laws) except in each case, where such would not, either
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To ensure compliance with the Privacy
Laws, the Company and its Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance
in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). The Company and its Subsidiaries have at all times made
all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures
made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory
rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has received notice
of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge
of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for,
in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any
order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

18

(yy)
Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Buyers or their
agents or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute material, non-public information
concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than the existence of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents. The Company understands and confirms that each of the Buyers will rely on the foregoing representations
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure provided to the Buyers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. All of the written information furnished after the date hereof by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to each Buyer pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, taken as a whole, will be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date on which such information is so provided and will not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. Each press release issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the twelve (12)
months preceding the date of this Agreement did not at the time of release contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading. To the Companys knowledge, no event or circumstance has occurred or information exists
with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including
results thereof) or conditions (financial or otherwise), which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure
at or before the date hereof or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly disclosed. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that no Buyer makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than
those specifically set forth in Section 2.

4.
COVENANTS.

(a)
Best Efforts. Each Buyer shall use its best efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants hereunder and conditions to be satisfied
by it as provided in Section 6 of this Agreement. The Company shall use its best efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants hereunder
and conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement.

(b)
Form D and Blue Sky. The Company shall file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide
a copy thereof to each Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to, qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyers at
the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States
(or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyers on or prior
to the Closing Date. Without limiting any other obligation of the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall timely make all filings
and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required under all applicable securities laws (including, without limitation,
all applicable federal securities laws and all applicable Blue Sky laws), and the Company shall comply with all applicable
foreign, federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, regulations and the like relating to the offering and sale of the Securities
to the Buyers.

(c)
Reporting Status. Until the date on which the Buyers shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities (the Reporting
Period), the Company shall timely file (subject to any allowable extensions) all reports required to be filed with the SEC
pursuant to the 1934 Act, and the Company shall not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act even
if the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would no longer require or otherwise permit such termination. From the time Form
S-3 is available to the Company for the registration of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall take all actions necessary to maintain
its eligibility to register the Registrable Securities for resale by the Buyers on Form S-3.

(d)
Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities for working capital and general corporate purposes,
but not, directly or indirectly, for (i) except (x) as set forth on Schedule 4(d) or (y) any mandatory prepayments required by
the Term Loan in respect of the sale of Securities beyond the initial $8,000,000 of sales made by the Company, the satisfaction of any
indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) the redemption or repurchase of any securities of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (iii) the settlement of any outstanding litigation.

(e)
[Reserved].

19

(f)
Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing or designation for quotation (as the case may be) of all of the Registrable
Securities upon each national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which the Common Stock is then listed
or designated for quotation (as the case may be) (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall maintain such listing or designation
for quotation (as the case may be) of all Registrable Securities from time to time issuable under the terms of the Transaction Documents
on such national securities exchange or automated quotation system. The Company shall maintain the Common Stocks listing or authorization
for quotation (as the case may be) on the Principal Market, The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market,
the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market (each, an Eligible Market). While the Preferred Shares
are outstanding, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action which could be reasonably expected to result in
the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on an Eligible Market. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with
satisfying its obligations under this Section 4(f).

(g)
Fees. The Company shall reimburse the lead Buyer for all costs and expenses incurred by it or its affiliates in connection with
the structuring, documentation, negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and certain prior
transactions with the Company (including, without limitation, as applicable, all reasonable legal fees of outside counsels and disbursements
of Pryor Cashman LLP and RPCK Rastegar Panchal, LLP, counsels to the lead Buyer, any other reasonable fees and expenses in connection
with the structuring, documentation, negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and due diligence
and regulatory filings in connection therewith) (the Transaction Expenses), which shall be withheld by the lead
Buyer from its Purchase Price at the Closing, less $50,000 previously paid by the Company to the lead Buyer; provided, that the Company
shall promptly reimburse Pryor Cashman LLP on demand for all Transaction Expenses not so reimbursed through such withholding at the Closing;
provided further, that in no event shall the Transaction Expenses under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents exceed (i)
$95,000, with respect to the initial Closing, or (ii) $25,000, with respect to the exercise of any Incremental Warrant and the Closing
related to the Holdback Date. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees, financial advisory
fees, transfer agent fees, DTC (as defined below) fees or brokers commissions (other than for Persons engaged by any Buyer) relating
to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to the Placement
Agent, who is the Companys sole placement agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and the Financial
Advisor, who is the Companys sole agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement). The Company shall
pay, and hold each Buyer harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys
fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any claim relating to any such payment. Except as otherwise set forth in
the Transaction Documents, each party to this Agreement shall bear its own expenses in connection with the sale of the Securities to
the Buyers.

(h)
Pledge of Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement and subject to compliance with state
and federal securities laws, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Securities may be pledged by the Buyer in connection with a
bona fide margin agreement or other loan or financing arrangement that is secured by the Securities. The pledge of Securities shall not
be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and no Buyer effecting a pledge of Securities shall be required
to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document, including, without limitation, Section 2(g) hereof; provided that the Buyer and its pledgee shall be required
to comply with the provisions of Section 2(g) hereof in order to effect a sale, transfer or assignment of Securities to such pledgee.
The Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver such documentation as a pledgee of the Securities may reasonably request in connection
with a pledge of the Securities to such pledgee by a Buyer.

20

(i)
Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information.

(i)
Disclosure of Transaction. The Company shall, on or before 9:30 a.m., New York time, on the first (1st) Business Day after the
date of this Agreement, issue a press release (the Press Release) reasonably acceptable to the Buyers disclosing
all the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. On or before 9:30 a.m., New York time, on the first
(1st) Business Day after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing all the
material terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching all the
material Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, this Agreement (and all schedules to this Agreement), the form of the
Incremental Warrants, the form of Certificate of Designations and the form of the Registration Rights Agreement) (including all attachments,
the 8-K Filing). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all material, non-public
information (if any) provided to any of the Buyers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the filing
of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether
written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or
agents, on the one hand, and any of the Buyers or any of their affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate.

(ii)
Limitations on Disclosure. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their
respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide any Buyer with any material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries from and after the date hereof without the express prior written consent of such Buyer (which may
be granted or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion). In the event of a breach of any of the foregoing covenants, including,
without limitation, Section 4(o) of this Agreement, or any of the covenants or agreements contained in any other Transaction Document,
by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (as determined in
the reasonable good faith judgment of such Buyer), in addition to any other remedy provided herein or in the Transaction Documents, as
long as such Buyers has given the Company at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice such Buyer shall have the right to make
a public disclosure, in the form of a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such breach or such material, non-public information,
as applicable, without the prior approval by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective officers, directors,
employees or agents. No Buyer shall have any liability to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective officers,
directors, employees, affiliates, stockholders or agents, for any such disclosure. To the extent that the Company delivers any material,
non-public information to a Buyer without such Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not
have any duty of confidentiality with respect to, or a duty not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information. Subject
to the foregoing, neither the Company, its Subsidiaries nor any Buyer shall issue any press releases or any other public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of any
Buyer, to make the Press Release and any press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions (i) in substantial
conformity with the 8-K Filing and contemporaneously therewith and (ii) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided that
in the case of clause (i) each Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure
prior to its release). Without the prior written consent of the applicable Buyer (which may be granted or withheld in such Buyers
sole discretion), the Company shall not (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to not) disclose the name of such Buyer
in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary and without implication
that the contrary would otherwise be true, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no Buyer shall have (unless expressly agreed
to by a particular Buyer after the date hereof in a written definitive and binding agreement executed by the Company and such particular
Buyer (it being understood and agreed that no Buyer may bind any other Buyer with respect thereto)), any duty of confidentiality with
respect to, or a duty not to trade on the basis of, any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

21

(j)
Additional Registration Statements. Until the Applicable Date (as defined below) and at any time thereafter while any Registration
Statement is not effective or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use or any Current Public Information Failure (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) exists, the Company shall not file a registration statement or an offering statement under
the 1933 Act relating to securities that are not the Registrable Securities (other than (i) a registration statement on Form S-8; (ii)
such supplements, amendments or post-effective amendments to registration statements that are outstanding and have been declared effective
by the SEC as of the date hereof (solely to the extent necessary to keep such registration statements effective and available and not
with respect to any Subsequent Placement (as defined below)); or (iii) an amendment to the Companys Registration Statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-284669) (solely to the extent necessary to respond to comments made by the SEC and to incorporate by reference
the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024) or the filing of an additional registration
statement on Form S-3 for the registration for resale of additional penny warrants issued to the Lenders. Applicable
Date means the later of (x) the date on which the Nasdaq Approval (as defined below) is obtained and (y) the earlier to occur
of (I) the first date on which the resale by the Buyers of the Registrable Securities required to be filed on the initial Registration
Statement pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (subject to any reduction pursuant to (i) Section 2(f) of the Registration Rights
Agreement and (ii) an amount of Registrable Securities less than all of the Registrable Securities in the event the Company and Required
Holder agree to register less than all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement, the
Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares), is declared effective by the SEC (and each prospectus contained therein is available for use
on such date) or (II) the first date on which all of the Registrable Securities, other than in the event the Company and Required Holder
agree to register less than all of the Registrable Securities, the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares, are eligible to be resold by
the Buyers pursuant to Rule 144 (or, if a Current Public Information Failure has occurred and is continuing, such later date after which
the Company has cured such Current Public Information Failure).

(k)
Additional Issuance of Securities. So long as any Buyer beneficially owns any Securities, the Company will not, without the prior
written consent of the Required Holder (as defined below), issue any Preferred Shares (other than to the Buyers as contemplated hereby)
and the Company shall not issue any other securities that would cause a breach or default under the Certificate of Designations or the
Incremental Warrants. The Company agrees that for the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date immediately following
the 30th Trading Day after the Applicable Date (provided that such period shall be extended by the number of calendar days
during such period and any extension thereof contemplated by this proviso on which any Registration Statement is not effective or any
prospectus contained therein is not available for use or any Current Public Information Failure exists) (the Restricted Period),
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall directly or indirectly issue, offer, sell, grant any option or right to purchase,
or otherwise dispose of (or announce any issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase or other disposition of) any
equity security or any equity-linked or related security (including, without limitation, any equity security (as that term
is defined under Rule 405 promulgated under the 1933 Act), any Convertible Securities, any debt, any preferred stock or any purchase
rights) (any such issuance, offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement (whether occurring during the Restricted Period or at any
time thereafter) is referred to as a Subsequent Placement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4(k) shall
not apply in respect of the issuance of any Excluded Securities (as defined in the Certificate of Designations).

(l)
Reservation of Shares. So long as any of the Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants remain outstanding, the Company shall take
all action reasonably necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, no less than 100% of the sum
of (i) the maximum number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that (x)
the Preferred Shares are convertible at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in effect as of such applicable
date of determination and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock set forth in the Certificate of Designations) and (ii) the maximum number of Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares issuable upon
conversion of the maximum number of Incremental Warrant Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Incremental Warrant Conversion
Shares are convertible at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in effect as of such applicable date of
determination and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Incremental Warrant Conversion
Shares set forth in the Certificate of Designations) issuable upon exercise or cancellation of all the Incremental Warrants outstanding
(without regard to any limitations on exercise of the Incremental Warrants set forth therein) (collectively, the Required Reserve
Amount); provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock reserved pursuant to this Section 4(l) be reduced
other than proportionally in connection with any conversion, exercise and/or redemption, as applicable of Preferred Shares or Incremental
Warrants. If at any time the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance is not sufficient to meet the Required
Reserve Amount, the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to authorize and reserve a sufficient number of shares,
including, without limitation, calling a special meeting of stockholders to authorize additional shares to meet the Companys obligations
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the case of an insufficient number of authorized shares, obtain stockholder approval of an
increase in such authorized number of shares, and voting the management shares of the Company in favor of an increase in the authorized
shares of the Company to ensure that the number of authorized shares is sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount.

22

(m)
Conduct of Business. The business of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be conducted in violation of any law, ordinance
or regulation of any Governmental Entity, except where such violations would not reasonably be expected to result, either individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Other Preferred Shares; Variable Securities. So long as any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company and each Subsidiary
shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any Subsequent Placement involving a Variable Rate Transaction
(excluding the Permitted Facility). Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company or any Subsidiary
(i) issues or sells any Convertible Securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon
and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such
Convertible Securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after
the initial issuance of such Convertible Securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related
to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock, other than pursuant to a customary weighted average
anti-dilution provision or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation, any other equity line of credit or an at-the-market
offering) whereby the Company or any Subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined price (other than standard and customary preemptive
or participation rights). Each Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company and its Subsidiaries
to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(o)
Participation Right. At any time until the earlier of (i) the two (2) year anniversary of the Closing and (ii) the earlier of
(A) a consummation of a Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) and (B) the date there are no Preferred Shares,
Incremental Warrants or Incremental Warrant Shares outstanding, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly,
effect any Subsequent Placement unless the Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(o). The Company acknowledges and agrees
that the right set forth in this Section 4(o) is a right granted by the Company, separately, to each Buyer.

(i)
At least three (3) Trading Days (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), prior to any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement
(or in the case of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement of any equity or equity-linked securities, at least twelve (12) hours
prior to such Subsequent Placement), the Company shall deliver to each Buyer a written notice (each such notice, a Pre-Notice),
which Pre-Notice shall not contain any information (including, without limitation, material, non-public information) other than: (A)
if the proposed Offer Notice (as defined below) constitutes or contains material, nonpublic information, a statement asking whether the
Buyer is willing to accept material non-public information or (B) if the proposed Offer Notice does not constitute or contain material,
non-public information, (x) a statement that the Company proposes or intends to effect a Subsequent Placement, (y) a statement that the
statement in clause (x) above does not constitute material, non-public information and (z) a statement informing such Buyer that it is
entitled to receive an Offer Notice (as defined below) with respect to such Subsequent Placement upon its written request. Upon the written
request of a Buyer within three (3) Trading Days (or in the case of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement of any equity or equity-linked
securities, at least twelve (12) hours) after the Companys delivery to such Buyer of such Pre-Notice, and only upon a written
request by such Buyer, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request (or in the case of any proposed
or intended Subsequent Placement of any equity or equity-linked securities, immediately), deliver to such Buyer an irrevocable written
notice (the Offer Notice) of any proposed or intended issuance or sale or exchange (the Offer)
of the securities being offered (the Offered Securities) in a Subsequent Placement, which Offer Notice shall (A)
identify and describe the Offered Securities, (B) describe the price and other terms upon which they are to be issued, sold or exchanged,
and the number or amount of the Offered Securities to be issued, sold or exchanged, (C) identify the Persons (if known) to which or with
which the Offered Securities are to be offered, issued, sold or exchanged and (D) offer to issue and sell to such Buyer in accordance
with the terms of the Offer such Buyers pro rata portion of 25% of the Offered Securities, provided that the number of Offered
Securities which such Buyer shall have the right to subscribe for under this Section 4(o) shall be (x) based on such Buyers pro
rata portion of the aggregate Stated Value of the Preferred Shares purchased hereunder by all Buyers (the Basic Amount),
and (y) with respect to each Buyer that elects to purchase its Basic Amount, any additional portion of the Offered Securities attributable
to the Basic Amounts of other Buyers as such Buyer shall indicate it will purchase or acquire should the other Buyers subscribe for less
than their Basic Amounts (the Undersubscription Amount), which process shall be repeated until each Buyer shall
have an opportunity to subscribe for any remaining Undersubscription Amount.

23

(ii)
To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, such Buyer must deliver a written notice to the Company prior to the end of the third (3rd)
Business Day (or in the case of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement of any equity or equity-linked securities, the end of the
twelve (12) hour period prior to such Subsequent Placement) after such Buyers receipt of the Offer Notice (the Offer
Period), setting forth the portion of such Buyers Basic Amount that such Buyer elects to purchase and, if such Buyer
shall elect to purchase all of its Basic Amount, the Undersubscription Amount, if any, that such Buyer elects to purchase (in either
case, the Notice of Acceptance). If the Basic Amounts subscribed for by all Buyers are less than the total of all
of the Basic Amounts, then each Buyer who has set forth an Undersubscription Amount in its Notice of Acceptance shall be entitled to
purchase, in addition to the Basic Amounts subscribed for, the Undersubscription Amount it has subscribed for; provided, however, if
the Undersubscription Amounts subscribed for exceed the difference between the total of all the Basic Amounts and the Basic Amounts subscribed
for (the Available Undersubscription Amount), each Buyer who has subscribed for any Undersubscription Amount shall
be entitled to purchase only that portion of the Available Undersubscription Amount as the Basic Amount of such Buyer bears to the total
Basic Amounts of all Buyers that have subscribed for Undersubscription Amounts, subject to rounding by the Company to the extent it deems
reasonably necessary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms and conditions of the Offer
prior to the expiration of the Offer Period, the Company may deliver to each Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period shall expire
on the third (3rd) Business Day after such Buyers receipt of such new Offer Notice.

(iii)
The Company shall have five (5) Business Days (or in the case of any proposed or intended Subsequent Placement of any equity or equity-linked
securities, the end of the twelve (12) hour period prior to such Subsequent Placement) from the expiration of the Offer Period above
(A) to offer, issue, sell or exchange all or any part of such Offered Securities as to which a Notice of Acceptance has not been given
by a Buyer (the Refused Securities) pursuant to a definitive agreement(s) (the Subsequent Placement Agreement),
but only to the offerees described in the Offer Notice (if so described therein) and only upon terms and conditions (including, without
limitation, unit prices and interest rates) that are not more favorable to the acquiring Person or Persons or less favorable to the Company
than those set forth in the Offer Notice and (B) to publicly announce (x) the execution of such Subsequent Placement Agreement, and (y)
either (I) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such Subsequent Placement Agreement or (II) the termination of such Subsequent
Placement Agreement, which shall be filed with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K with such Subsequent Placement Agreement and any
documents contemplated therein filed as exhibits thereto.

(iv)
In the event the Company shall propose to sell less than all the Refused Securities (any such sale to be in the manner and on the terms
specified in Section 4(o)(iii) above), then each Buyer may, at its sole option and in its sole discretion, withdraw its Notice of Acceptance
or reduce the number or amount of the Offered Securities specified in its Notice of Acceptance to an amount that shall be not less than
the number or amount of the Offered Securities that such Buyer elected to purchase pursuant to Section 4(o)(ii) above multiplied by a
fraction, (i) the numerator of which shall be the number or amount of Offered Securities the Company actually proposes to issue, sell
or exchange (including Offered Securities to be issued or sold to Buyers pursuant to this Section 4(o) prior to such reduction) and (ii)
the denominator of which shall be the original amount of the Offered Securities. In the event that any Buyer so elects to reduce the
number or amount of Offered Securities specified in its Notice of Acceptance, the Company may not issue, sell or exchange more than the
reduced number or amount of the Offered Securities unless and until such securities have again been offered to the Buyers in accordance
with Section 4(o)(i) above.

(v)
Upon the closing of the issuance, sale or exchange of all or less than all of the Refused Securities, such Buyer shall acquire from the
Company, and the Company shall issue to such Buyer, the number or amount of Offered Securities specified in its Notice of Acceptance,
as reduced pursuant to Section 4(o)(iv) above if such Buyer has so elected, upon the terms and conditions specified in the Offer. The
purchase by such Buyer of any Offered Securities is subject in all cases to the preparation, execution and delivery by the Company and
such Buyer of a separate purchase agreement relating to such Offered Securities reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to such
Buyer and its counsel.

24

(vi)
Any Offered Securities not acquired by a Buyer or other Persons in accordance with this Section 4(o) may not be issued, sold or exchanged
until they are again offered to such Buyer under the procedures specified in this Agreement.

(vii)
The Company and each Buyer agree that if any Buyer elects to participate in the Offer, (x) neither the Subsequent Placement Agreement
with respect to such Offer nor any other transaction documents related thereto (collectively, the Subsequent Placement Documents)
shall include any term or provision whereby such Buyer shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any securities
of the Company or be required to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in
connection with, any agreement previously entered into with the Company or any instrument received from the Company, and (y) any registration
rights set forth in such Subsequent Placement Documents shall be similar in all material respects to the registration rights contained
in the Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(o) and unless otherwise agreed to by
such Buyer, the Company shall either confirm in writing to such Buyer that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Placement has
been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the Offered Securities, in either case, in such a manner such that such
Buyer will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the fifth (5th) Business Day following delivery of the Offer
Notice. If by such fifth (5th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Offered Securities has
been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by such Buyer, such transaction shall be deemed
to have been abandoned and such Buyer shall not be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries. Should the Company decide to pursue such transaction with respect to the Offered Securities, the Company
shall provide such Buyer with another Offer Notice and such Buyer will again have the right of participation set forth in this Section
4(o). The Company shall not be permitted to deliver more than one such Offer Notice to such Buyer in any sixty (60) day period, except
as expressly contemplated by the last sentence of Section 4(o)(ii).

(viii)
The restrictions contained in this Section 4(o) shall not apply in connection with the issuance of Excluded Securities. The Company shall
not circumvent the provisions of this Section 4(o) by providing terms or conditions to one Buyer that are not provided to all.

(p)
Dilutive Issuances. For so long as any Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants remain outstanding, the Company shall not, in
any manner, enter into or affect any Dilutive Issuance (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) if the effect of such Dilutive
Issuance is to cause the Company to be required to issue upon conversion of any Preferred Shares or exercise of any Incremental Warrant
any shares of Common Stock in excess of that number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue upon conversion of the Preferred
Shares and exercise of the Incremental Warrants without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the
Principal Market.

(q)
Passive Foreign Investment Company. The Company shall conduct its business, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to conduct their
respective businesses, in such a manner as will ensure that the Company will not be deemed to constitute a passive foreign investment
company within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code.

(r)
Restriction on Redemption and Cash Dividends. So long as any Preferred Shares are outstanding, the Company shall not, directly
or indirectly, redeem, or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on, any securities of the Company without the prior express
written consent of the Buyers (other than as required by the Certificate of Designations).

(s)
Corporate Existence. So long as any Buyer beneficially owns any Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants, the Company shall not
be party to any Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) unless the Company is in compliance with the
applicable provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set forth in the Certificate of Designations or the Incremental Warrants.

(t)
[Reserved].

25

(u)
Conversion and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Exercise Notice (as defined in the Incremental Warrants) included in the
Incremental Warrants, respectively, and the form of Conversion Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) included in the
Certificate of Designations set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Buyers in order to exercise the Incremental Warrants
or convert the Preferred Shares. Except as provided in Section 5(d), no additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall
be required of the Buyers to exercise their Incremental Warrants or convert their Preferred Shares. The Company shall honor exercises
of the Incremental Warrants and conversions of the Preferred Shares and shall deliver the Conversion Shares and Incremental Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Certificate of Designations and Incremental Warrants. Without
limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Conversion Notice or Exercise Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Conversion Notice or Exercise Notice form be required in order to convert the Preferred
Shares or exercise the Incremental Warrants.

(v)
Regulation M. The Company will not take any action prohibited by Regulation M under the 1934 Act, in connection with the distribution
of the Securities contemplated hereby.

(w)
General Solicitation. None of the Company, any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act) or any person
acting on behalf of the Company or such affiliate will solicit any offer to buy or offer or sell the Securities by means of any form
of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Regulation D, including: (i) any advertisement, article, notice
or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium or broadcast over television or radio; and (ii) any seminar
or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

(x)
Integration. None of the Company, any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act), or any person acting on
behalf of the Company or such affiliate will sell, offer for sale, or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any
security (as defined in the 1933 Act) which will be integrated with the sale of the Securities in a manner which would require the registration
of the Securities under the 1933 Act or require stockholder approval under the rules and regulations of the Principal Market and the
Company will take all action that is appropriate or necessary to assure that its offerings of other securities will not be integrated
for purposes of the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, with the issuance of Securities contemplated hereby.

(y)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Buyers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

(z)
Stockholder Approval. Within sixty (60) days of the Closing Date (the Stockholder Approval Deadline), the
Company shall hold a special meeting of shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) providing for the approval
of (i) the issuance of all of the Securities in excess of 19.99% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock at a price
less than the minimum price required by the Principal Market, in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Principal Market (without
regard to any limitation on conversion or exercise thereof), (the Nasdaq Approval) and (ii) authorization to increase
the authorized Common Stock of the Company to 400,000,000 (the Authorized Share Approval and, together with the
Nasdaq Approval, the Stockholder Approval), with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that
such proposals be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection therewith in the same manner as
all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of
such proposals. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the initial shareholder meeting, the Company shall adjourn and
extend such meeting at least as often as every sixty (60) days in order to obtain such Stockholder Approval. Until Stockholder approval
is obtained, the Company shall not issue shares in excess of 19.99% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock at a per share price
less than the minimum price required by the Principal Market.

26

5.
REGISTER; TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS; LEGEND.

(a)
Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice to each holder of Securities), a register for the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants in which the Company
shall record the name and address of the Person in whose name the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants have been issued (including
the name and address of each transferee), the aggregate number of the Preferred Shares held by such Person, the number of Conversion
Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations, the number of Incremental Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise
or cancellation of the Incremental Warrants held by such Person, and the number of Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares issuable upon
conversion of the Incremental Warrant Shares held by such Person. The Company shall keep the register open and available at all times
during business hours for inspection of any Buyer or its legal representatives.

(b)
Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent and any subsequent transfer
agent (as applicable, the Transfer Agent) in a form acceptable to each of the Buyers (the Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions) to issue certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at The Depository Trust
Company (DTC), registered in the name of each Buyer or its respective nominee(s), for the Conversion Shares and
the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by each Buyer to the Company upon conversion
of the Preferred Shares or the Incremental Warrant Shares (as the case may be). The Company represents and warrants that no instruction
other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5(b), and stop transfer instructions to give effect
to Section 2(g) hereof, will be given by the Company to the Transfer Agent with respect to the Securities, and that the Securities shall
otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company, as applicable, to the extent provided in this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents. If a Buyer effects a sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities in accordance with Section 2(g),
the Company shall permit the transfer and shall promptly instruct the Transfer Agent to issue one or more certificates or, in the case
of the Conversion Shares and the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares, credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC in such
name and in such denominations as specified by such Buyer to effect such sale, transfer or assignment. In the event that such sale, assignment
or transfer involves Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an effective
registration statement or in compliance with Rule 144, the Transfer Agent shall issue such shares to such Buyer, assignee or transferee
(as the case may be) without any restrictive legend in accordance with Section 5(d) below. The Company acknowledges that a breach by
it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to a Buyer. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law
for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5(b) will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach
by the Company of the provisions of this Section 5(b), that a Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to
an order and/or injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall cause its counsel to issue the legal opinion referred to
in the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the Transfer Agent on each Effective Date (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).
Any fees (with respect to the Transfer Agent, counsel to the Company or otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion or the
removal of any legends on any of the Securities shall be borne by the Company.

(i)
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions Reserve Amount. If at any time the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions are not sufficient
to reserve the Required Reserve Amount, the Company shall amend the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to reserve the Required Reserve
Amount within one (1) week of the date the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions become insufficient to reserve the Required Reserve
Amount (the TA Instruction Cure Period). If the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions are not amended within the
TA Instruction Cure Period, the Company shall pay to each Buyer an amount in cash equal to the sum of one percent (1%) of the Stated
Value (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) of the then-outstanding Preferred Shares held by such Buyer, for each month following
the end of the TA Instruction Cure Period that the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions are insufficient to reserve the Required Reserve
Amount.

27

(c)
Legends. Each Buyer understands that the Securities have been issued (or will be issued in the case of the Conversion Shares,
the Incremental Warrant Shares and the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares) pursuant to an exemption from registration or qualification
under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws, and except as set forth below, the Securities shall bear any legend as required
by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order
may be placed against transfer of such stock certificates):

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO
THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER
LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

(d)
Removal of Legends. Certificates evidencing Securities shall not be required to contain the legend set forth in Section 5(c) above
or any other legend (i) while a registration statement (including a Registration Statement) covering the resale of such Securities is
effective under the 1933 Act, (ii) following any sale of such Securities pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming the transferor is not an affiliate
of the Company), (iii) if such Securities are eligible to be sold, assigned or transferred under Rule 144 (provided that a Buyer provides
the Company with reasonable assurances that such Securities are eligible for sale, assignment or transfer under Rule 144 which shall
not include an opinion of Buyers counsel), (iv) in connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer (other than under Rule
144), provided that such Buyer provides the Company with an opinion of counsel to such Buyer, in a generally acceptable form, to the
effect that such sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities may be made without registration under the applicable requirements of
the 1933 Act or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including, without limitation, controlling
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the SEC). If a legend is not required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall
no later than two (2) Trading Days (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation
for the settlement of a trade initiated on the date such Buyer delivers such legended certificate representing such Securities to the
Company) following the delivery by a Buyer to the Company or the Transfer Agent (with notice to the Company) of a legended certificate
representing such Securities (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in form necessary to affect
the reissuance and/or transfer, if applicable), together with any other deliveries from such Buyer as may be required above in this Section
5(d), as directed by such Buyer, either: (A) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer
Program (FAST) and such Securities are Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares, credit the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock to which such Buyer shall be entitled to such Buyers or its designees balance account
with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, issue and deliver
(via reputable overnight courier) to such Buyer, a certificate representing such Securities that is free from all restrictive and other
legends, registered in the name of such Buyer or its designee (the date by which such credit is so required to be made to the balance
account of such Buyers or such Buyers designee with DTC or such certificate is required to be delivered to such Buyer pursuant
to the foregoing is referred to herein as the Required Delivery Date, and the date such shares of Common Stock are
actually delivered without restrictive legend to such Buyer or such Buyers designee with DTC, as applicable, the Share
Delivery Date). The Company shall be responsible for any Transfer Agent fees or DTC fees with respect to any issuance of Securities
or the removal of any legends with respect to any Securities in accordance herewith.

28

(e)
Failure to Timely Deliver; Buy-In. Subject to Section 4(c)(ii) of the Certificate of Designations (and without duplication of
any amounts paid by the Company to a Buyer pursuant thereto), if the Company fails, for any reason or for no reason, to issue and deliver
(or cause to be delivered) to a Buyer (or its designee) by the Required Delivery Date, either (I) if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in FAST, a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares(as the case may be) to which such
Buyer is entitled and register such Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as the case may be) on the Companys
share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the balance account of such Buyer or such Buyers
designee with DTC for such number of Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as the case may be) submitted for legend
removal by such Buyer pursuant to Section 5(d) above or (II) if the Registration Statement covering the resale of the Conversion Shares
or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as the case may be) submitted for legend removal by such Buyer pursuant to Section 5(d) above
(the Unavailable Shares) is not available for the resale of such Unavailable Shares and the Company fails to promptly,
but in no event later than as required pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (x) so notify such Buyer and (y) deliver the Conversion
Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares, as applicable, electronically without any restrictive legend by crediting such aggregate
number of Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as the case may be) submitted for legend removal by such Buyer
pursuant to Section 5(d) above to such Buyers or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian system (the event described in the immediately foregoing clause (II) is hereinafter referred as a Notice Failure
and together with the event described in clause (I) above, a Delivery Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies
available to such Buyer, the Company shall pay in cash to such Buyer on each day after the Share Delivery Date and during such Delivery
Failure an amount equal to 2% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to such Buyer on or prior
to the Required Delivery Date and to which such Buyer is entitled, and (B) any trading price of the Common Stock selected by such Buyer
in writing as in effect at any time during the period beginning on the date of the delivery by such Buyer to the Company of the applicable
Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the applicable Share Delivery Date. In
addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Required Delivery Date either (I) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST,
the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to a Buyer and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys
share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, credit the balance account of such Buyer or such Buyers designee
with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Buyer submitted for legend removal by such Buyer pursuant to Section
5(d) above (ii) below or (II) a Notice Failure occurs, and if on or after such Trading Day such Buyer acquires (in an open market transaction,
stock loan or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock submitted
for legend removal by such Buyer pursuant to Section 5(d) above (a Buy-In), then the Company shall, within two (2)
Trading Days after such Buyers request and in such Buyers discretion, either (i) pay cash to such Buyer in an amount equal
to such Buyers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, stock loan costs and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
(the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to so deliver such certificate or credit such
Buyers balance account shall terminate and such shares shall be cancelled, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so deliver
to such Buyer a certificate or certificates or credit the balance account of such Buyer or such Buyers designee with DTC representing
such number of shares of Common Stock that would have been so delivered if the Company timely complied with its obligations hereunder
and pay cash to such Buyer in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares
of Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as the case may be) that the Company was required to deliver to such Buyer
by the Required Delivery Date multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) of the
Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Buyer to the Company of the applicable
Conversion Shares or Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under
this clause (ii). Nothing shall limit such Buyers right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity,
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure
to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock (or to electronically deliver such shares of Common Stock) as required
pursuant to the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to
any given Notice Failure and/or Delivery Failure, this Section 5(e) shall not apply to the applicable Buyer the extent the Company has
already paid such amounts in full to such Buyer with respect to such Notice Failure and/or Delivery Failure, as applicable, pursuant
to the analogous sections of the Certificate of Designations or Incremental Warrant, as applicable, with respect to the Preferred
Shares or Incremental Warrants, as applicable, then held by such Buyer.

(f)
FAST Compliance. While any Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants remain outstanding, the Company shall maintain a transfer
agent that participates in FAST.

6.
CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL.

The
obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants to each Buyer at the Closing
is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are
for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing each Buyer with
prior written notice thereof:

(a)
Such Buyer shall have executed each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company.

29

(b)
Such Buyer and each other Buyer shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price (less, in the case of any Buyer, (A) the amounts
withheld pursuant to Section 4(g) and (B) the stated value of the aggregate number of Preferred Shares as is set forth next to such Buyers
name in column (4) on the Schedule of Buyers, which amount shall be funded within one (1) Business Day following the Holdback Date) for
the Preferred Shares and the Incremental Warrants being purchased by such Buyer at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available
funds in accordance with the Flow of Funds Letter.

(c)
The representations and warranties of such Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of
the Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date,
which shall be true and correct as of such specific date), and such Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material
respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such
Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

7.
CONDITIONS TO EACH BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.

The
obligation of each Buyer hereunder to purchase its Preferred Shares and its Incremental Warrants at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction,
at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for each Buyers sole benefit
and may be waived by such Buyer at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a)
The Company shall have duly executed and delivered to such Buyer each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the Company
shall have duly executed and delivered to such Buyer (A) the aggregate number of Preferred Shares set forth opposite such Buyers
name in column (3) on the Schedule of Buyers and (B) twenty (20) Incremental Warrants, each to acquire the number of Preferred Shares
set forth opposite such Buyers name in column (5) on the Schedule of Buyers, as being purchased by such Buyer at the Closing pursuant
to this Agreement.

(b)
Such Buyer shall have received the opinion of Lowenstein Sandler LLP, the Companys counsel, and Parsons Behle & Latimer, the
Companys Nevada counsel, dated as of the Closing Date, in the form acceptable to such Buyer.

(c)
The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a copy of the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in the form acceptable to such
Buyer, which instructions shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Transfer Agent.

(d)
The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company in Nevada issued
by the Nevada Secretary of State as of a date within ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date.

(e)
The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certificate evidencing the Companys qualification as a foreign corporation and
good standing issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of each jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business and
is required to so qualify, as of a date within ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date.

(f)
The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Certificate of Designations
as certified by the Nevada Secretary of State within ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date.

(g)
The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a certificate, in the form acceptable to such Buyer, executed by the Secretary of the
Company and dated as of the Closing Date, as to (i) the resolutions consistent with Section 3(b) as adopted by the Companys board
of directors in a form reasonably acceptable to such Buyer, (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and (iii) the Bylaws
of the Company, each as in effect at the Closing.

(h)
Each and every representation and warranty of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made
and as of the Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific
date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects
with the covenants, agreements and conditions required to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the
Closing Date. Such Buyer shall have received a certificate, duly executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of
the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such Buyer in the form acceptable
to such Buyer.

30

(i)
The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer a letter from the Transfer Agent certifying the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
on the Closing Date immediately prior to the Closing.

(j)
The Common Stock (A) shall be designated for quotation or listed (as applicable) on the Principal Market and (B) shall not have been
suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the Principal Market from trading on the Principal Market nor, except as disclosed in
the SEC Documents, shall suspension by the SEC or the Principal Market have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, either (I) in writing
by the SEC or the Principal Market or (II) by falling below the minimum maintenance requirements of the Principal Market.

(k)
The Company shall have obtained all governmental, regulatory or third party consents and approvals, if any, necessary for the sale of
the Securities, if any.

(l)
No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed
by any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(m)
Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably would have or result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
The Company shall have submitted a Listing of Additional Shares Notification with the Principal Market with respect to the Conversion
Shares and the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares.

(o)
Such Buyer shall have received a letter on the letterhead of the Company, duly executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
setting forth the wire amounts of each Buyer and the wire transfer instructions of the Company (the Flow of Funds Letter).

(p)
The Company shall have delivered evidence reasonably satisfactory to such Buyer that (i) the Companys
senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan) with Alter Domus (US) LLC, as agent (the Term
Loan Agent) and the Term Loan Lenders, has been amended to extend the maturity date by one (1) year and (ii) each of Energy
Impact Partners Credit Fund I, LP, Energy Impact Partners Credit Fund II, LP and BP Holdings XVII, LP (each, a Term Loan Lender)
and the Term Loan Agent have executed amendments to the documents evidencing the Indebtedness held by each such Term Loan Lender agreeing
to (A) forego all payments of principal and interest until March 31, 2026 and (B) remove any applicable financial covenants (other than
a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain cash and cash equivalents equal to or greater than $2,500,000), in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to such Buyer, and any other amendments as may be required by the Required Holder.

(q)
The Company shall have caused the Persons identified on Schedule 7(q) hereto to have executed and delivered to such Buyer a Support
Agreement in a form to be approved by such Buyer, whereby such parties agree to vote in favor of the Stockholder Approval.

(p)
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall have delivered to such Buyer such other documents, instruments or certificates relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement as such Buyer or its counsel may reasonably request.

8.
TERMINATION.

In
the event that the Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Buyer within five (5) days of the date hereof, then such Buyer shall
have the right to terminate its obligations under this Agreement with respect to itself at any time on or after the close of business
on such date without liability of such Buyer to any other party; provided, however, (i) the right to terminate this Agreement under this
Section 8 shall not be available to such Buyer if the failure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to have been consummated
by such date is the result of such Buyers breach of this Agreement and (ii) the abandonment of the sale and purchase of the Preferred
Shares and the Incremental Warrants shall be applicable only to such Buyer providing such written notice, provided further that no such
termination shall affect any obligation of the Company under this Agreement to reimburse such Buyer for the expenses described in Section
4(g) above. Nothing contained in this Section 8 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party
of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or to impair the right of any party to compel specific
performance by any other party of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.

31

9.
MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of
this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any provision or rule (whether
of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the
State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the
City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or under any of the other
Transaction Documents or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert
in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit,
action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by
mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to
serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude any Buyer from bringing
suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to such
Buyer or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such Buyer. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY
HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT
OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

(b)
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event
that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an
executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

(c)
Headings; Gender. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Agreement. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine,
neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words
of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in
which they are found.

(d)
Severability; Maximum Payment Amounts. If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid
or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall
be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such
provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so modified continues
to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature,
invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal
obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties
will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s),
the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (and without implication that the following is required
or applicable), it is the intention of the parties that in no event shall amounts and value paid by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries
(as the case may be), or payable to or received by any of the Buyers, under the Transaction Documents (including without limitation,
any amounts that would be characterized as interest under applicable law) exceed amounts permitted under any applicable
law. Accordingly, if any obligation to pay, payment made to any Buyer, or collection by any Buyer pursuant the Transaction Documents
is finally judicially determined to be contrary to any such applicable law, such obligation to pay, payment or collection shall be deemed
to have been made by mutual mistake of such Buyer, the Company and its Subsidiaries and such amount shall be deemed to have been adjusted
with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by the applicable
law. Such adjustment shall be effected, to the extent necessary, by reducing or refunding, at the option of such Buyer, the amount of
interest or any other amounts which would constitute unlawful amounts required to be paid or actually paid to such Buyer under the Transaction
Documents. For greater certainty, to the extent that any interest, charges, fees, expenses or other amounts required to be paid to or
received by such Buyer under any of the Transaction Documents or related thereto are held to be within the meaning of interest
or another applicable term to otherwise be violative of applicable law, such amounts shall be pro-rated over the period of time to which
they relate.

32

(e)
Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and
thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein supersede all other prior oral or written agreements between the Buyers, the
Company, its Subsidiaries, their affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf, including, without limitation, any transactions by any
Buyer with respect to Common Stock or the Securities, and the other matters contained herein and therein, and this Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein contain
the entire understanding of the parties solely with respect to the matters covered herein and therein; provided, however, nothing contained
in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed to) (i) have any effect on any agreements any Buyer has
entered into with, or any instruments any Buyer has received from, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date hereof with
respect to any prior investment made by such Buyer in the Company or (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any respect any obligations
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any rights of or benefits to any Buyer or any other Person, in any agreement entered into
prior to the date hereof between or among the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and any Buyer, or any instruments any Buyer received
from the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date hereof, and all such agreements and instruments shall continue in full
force and effect. Except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor any Buyer makes any representation, warranty,
covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. For clarification purposes, the Recitals are part of this Agreement. No provision
of this Agreement may be amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Required Holder (as defined below),
and any amendment to any provision of this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of this Section 9(e) shall be binding on
all Buyers and holders of Securities, as applicable; provided that no such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (A) applies
to less than all of the holders of the Securities then outstanding or (B) imposes any obligation or liability on any Buyer without such
Buyers prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion). No waiver shall be effective
unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party, provided that the Required Holder may waive
any provision of this Agreement, and any waiver of any provision of this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of this Section
9(e) shall be binding on all Buyers and holders of Securities, as applicable, provided that no such waiver shall be effective to the
extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of the Securities then outstanding (unless a party gives a waiver as to itself
only) or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on any Buyer without such Buyers prior written consent (which may be granted
or withheld in such Buyers sole discretion). No consideration (other than reimbursement of legal fees) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
also is offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents, all holders of the Preferred Shares or all holders of the Incremental
Warrants (as the case may be). From the date hereof and while any Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrant Shares are outstanding, the
Company shall not be permitted to receive any consideration from a Buyer or a holder of Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants that
is not otherwise contemplated by the Transaction Documents in order to, directly or indirectly, induce the Company or any Subsidiary
(i) to treat such Buyer or holder of Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants in a manner that is more favorable than to other similarly
situated Buyers or holders of Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants, as applicable, or (ii) to treat any Buyer(s) or holder(s) of
Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants in a manner that is less favorable than the Buyer or holder of Preferred Shares or Incremental
Warrants that is paying such consideration; provided, however, that the determination of whether a Buyer has been treated more or less
favorably than another Buyer shall disregard any securities of the Company purchased or sold by any Buyer. The Company has not, directly
or indirectly, made any agreements with any Buyers relating to the terms or conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents except as set forth in the Transaction Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company confirms that, except as set
forth in this Agreement, no Buyer has made any commitment or promise or has any other obligation to provide any financing to the Company,
any Subsidiary or otherwise. As a material inducement for each Buyer to enter into this Agreement, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (x) no due diligence or other investigation or inquiry conducted by a Buyer, any of its advisors or any of its representatives
shall affect such Buyers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to any of, the Companys
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (y) unless a provision of this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document is expressly preceded by the phrase except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, nothing
contained in any of the SEC Documents shall affect such Buyers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be
an exception to any of, the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.
Required Holder means (I) JAK Opportunities XVII LLC (ATW) so long as ATW holds any Securities
or (II) if ATW no longer holds any Securities, the holder of a majority of the Registrable Securities (excluding any Registrable Securities
held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of such time) issued or issuable hereunder or pursuant to the Certificate of Designations
and/or the Incremental Warrants

33

(f)
Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement
must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent
by electronic mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the
sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not
be delivered to such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery
specified, in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications
shall be:

If
to the Company:

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp.

12915
Old Virginia Road

Reno,
Nevada 89521

Telephone:
855-292-2831

Attention:
Denis Phares, Ph.D., CEO and President

E-Mail:
denis@dragonfly.com

With
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Lowenstein
Sandler LLP

1251
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10020

Telephone:
(212) 262-6700

Attention:
Steven M. Skolnick

E-Mail:
sskolnick@lowenstein.com

If
to the Transfer Agent:

Equiniti
Trust Company

6201
15th Avenue

Brooklyn,
NY 11219

Telephone:
(718) 921-8129

Attention:
John Lundberg, Senior Relationship Manager

E-Mail:
John.lundberg@equiniti.com

If
to a Buyer, to its mailing address and e-mail address set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, with copies to such Buyers representatives
as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers,

with
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Pryor
Cashman LLP

7
Times Square, 40th Floor

New
York, NY 100036

Telephone:
(212) 808-7540

Attention:
M. Ali Panjwani

E-mail:
apanjwani@pryorcashman.com

or
to such other mailing address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified
by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change, provided that Pryor Cashman LLP
shall only be provided copies of notices sent to the lead Buyer. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice,
consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing the time,
date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt
by e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

34

(g)
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors
and assigns, including any purchasers of any of the Preferred Shares and Incremental Warrants. The Company shall not assign this Agreement
or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Required Holders, including, without limitation, by way
of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) (unless the Company is in compliance with the applicable
provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set forth in the Certificate of Designations). A Buyer may assign some or all of its rights
hereunder in connection with any transfer of any of its Securities without the consent of the Company, in which event such assignee shall
be deemed to be a Buyer hereunder with respect to such assigned rights.

(h)
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, other than the
Indemnitees (as defined below) referred to in Section 9(k).

(i)
Survival. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants shall survive the Closing. Each Buyer shall be responsible
only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

(j)
Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

(k)
Indemnification. In consideration of each Buyers execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the
Securities thereunder and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall
defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Buyer and each holder of any Securities and all of their stockholders, partners, members,
officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing Persons agents or other representatives
(including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the
Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees,
liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for
which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified
Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (i) any misrepresentation or breach
of any representation or warranty made by the Company or any Subsidiary in any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) any breach of any covenant,
agreement or obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary contained in any of the Transaction Documents or (iii) any cause of action,
suit, proceeding or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action
brought on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary) or which otherwise involves such Indemnitee that arises out of or results from (A)
the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents, (B) any transaction financed or to be financed
in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, (C) any disclosure properly made by
such Buyer pursuant to Section 4(i), or (D) the status of such Buyer or holder of the Securities either as an investor in the Company
pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or as a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation,
as a party in interest or otherwise in any action or proceeding for injunctive or other equitable relief). To the extent that the foregoing
undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the mechanics
and procedures with respect to the rights and obligations under this Section 9(k) shall be the same as those set forth in Section 6 of
the Registration Rights Agreement.

35

(l)
Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual
intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. No specific representation or warranty shall limit the
generality or applicability of a more general representation or warranty. Each and every reference to share prices, shares of Common
Stock and any other numbers in this Agreement that relate to the Common Stock shall be automatically adjusted for any stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions that occur with respect to the Common Stock after the
date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein
shall constitute a representation or warranty against, or a prohibition of, any actions with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement
to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities of the Company in order for such Buyer (or its broker
or other financial representative) to effect short sales or similar transactions in the future.

(m)
Remedies. Each Buyer and in the event of assignment by Buyer of its rights and obligations hereunder, each holder of Securities,
shall have all rights and remedies set forth in the Transaction Documents and all rights and remedies which such holders have been granted
at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such holders have under any law. Any Person having any
rights under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security),
to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law. Furthermore,
the Company recognizes that in the event that it or any Subsidiary fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of its or such
Subsidiarys (as the case may be) obligations under the Transaction Documents, any remedy at law would inadequate relief to the
Buyers. The Company therefore agrees that the Buyers shall be entitled to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent
injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual
damages and without posting a bond or other security. The remedies provided in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall
be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in
equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief).

(n)
Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the Transaction
Documents, whenever any Buyer exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company or any Subsidiary
does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Buyer may rescind or withdraw, in its
sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be), any relevant notice, demand
or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

(o)
Payment Set Aside; Currency. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Buyer hereunder or pursuant to
any of the other Transaction Documents or any of the Buyers enforce or exercise their rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment
or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent
or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company,
a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law,
common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended
to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff
had not occurred. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Agreement and all other Transaction
Documents shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar
equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation
to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Agreement, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in
the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation.

36

(p)
Judgment Currency.

(i)
If for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter
in this Section 9(p) referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in U.S. Dollars under this Agreement, the
conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately preceding:

(1)
the date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of Nevada or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(2)
the date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of
which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 9(p)(i)(2) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion
Date).

(ii)
If in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 9(p)(i)(2) above, there is a change in the Exchange
Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay
such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate
prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of U.S. Dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment
Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(iii)
Any amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

(q)
Independent Nature of Buyers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Buyer under the Transaction Documents are
several and not joint with the obligations of any other Buyer, and no Buyer shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the
obligations of any other Buyer under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no
action taken by any Buyer pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Buyers as, and the Company acknowledges that
the Buyers do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption
that the Buyers are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity, and the Company shall not assert any such claim with respect
to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or any matters, and the Company acknowledges that the
Buyers are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The decision of each Buyer to purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction
Documents has been made by such Buyer independently of any other Buyer. Each Buyer acknowledges that no other Buyer has acted as agent
for such Buyer in connection with such Buyer making its investment hereunder and that no other Buyer will be acting as agent of such
Buyer in connection with monitoring such Buyers investment in the Securities or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents.
The Company and each Buyer confirms that each Buyer has independently participated with the Company and its Subsidiaries in the negotiation
of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Buyer shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of any other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Buyer to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
The use of a single agreement to effectuate the purchase and sale of the Securities contemplated hereby was solely in the control of
the Company, not the action or decision of any Buyer, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and its Subsidiaries and
not because it was required or requested to do so by any Buyer. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in
this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company, each Subsidiary and a Buyer, solely, and not between the
Company, its Subsidiaries and the Buyers collectively and not between and among the Buyers.

[signature
pages follow]

37

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as
of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as
of the date first written above.

BUYER:

JAK OPPORTUNITIES XVII LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Schedule
of Buyers

(1)

Purchaser 

(2)

Preferred Shares 

(3)

Preferred Shares to be funded and issued on the Closing Date 

(4)

Preferred Shares to be funded and issued on Holdback Date 

(5)

Preferred Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Each Incremental Warrant 

(6)

Aggregate Purchase Price 

JAK Opportunities XVII LLC 8001 350 450 200 per Incremental Warrant (4,000 among all 20 Incremental Warrants) $ 8,000,000 

TOTAL 800 350 450 200 per Incremental Warrant (4,000 among all 20 Incremental Warrants) $ 8,000,000 

1
180 of such Preferred Shares shall be issued pursuant to the Company Shelf Registration Statement.

EXHIBIT
A

Certificate
of Designation

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Incremental Warrant

EXHIBIT
C

Registration
Rights Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 26, 2025, is by and among Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation with offices located 2915 Old Virginia Road, Reno, Nevada 89521 (the Company),
and the undersigned buyers (each, a Buyer, and collectively, the Buyers).

RECITALS

A.
In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the parties hereto, dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Securities
Purchase Agreement), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
to issue and sell to each Buyer (i) shares of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Series A Preferred Stock), which will be convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares) of
common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms of the
Certificate of Designations (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) and (ii) the Incremental Warrants (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement) which will be exercisable to purchase Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Incremental Warrants.

B.
To induce the Buyers to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide
certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor
statute (collectively, the 1933 Act), and applicable state securities laws.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each of the Buyers hereby agree as follows:

1.
Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New
York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification,
commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(b)
Closing Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(c)
Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC.

(d)
Effectiveness Deadline means (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant
to Section 2(a), the earlier of the (A) 75th calendar day (or the 120th calendar day if subject to a full review
by the SEC) after the Closing Date and (B) 2nd Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is
earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review and (ii) with respect
to any additional Registration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the earlier of
the (A) 60th calendar day (or the 90th calendar day if subject to a full review by the SEC) following the date
on which the Company was required to file such additional Registration Statement and (B) 2nd Business Day after the date the Company
is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not
be subject to further review.

1

(e)
Filing Deadline means (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section
2(a), the 50th calendar day following the Closing Date (such date, the Initial Filing Deadline) and (ii)
with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the
date on which the Company was required to file such additional Registration Statement pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(f)
Investor means a Buyer or any transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities or Series A Preferred Stock to
whom a Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance
with Section 9 and any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities or Series A Preferred
Stock assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section
9.

(g)
Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(h)
register, registered, and registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 and the declaration
of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s) by the SEC.

(i)
Registrable Securities means (i) the Conversion Shares, (ii) the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares (as defined
in the Securities Purchase Agreement) and (iii) any capital stock of the Company issued or issuable with respect to the Conversion Shares,
the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares and the Series A Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, (1) as a result of any stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise and (2) shares of capital stock of the Company into which
the shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) are converted or exchanged and shares of capital stock of
a Successor Entity (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) into which the shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged,
in each case, without regard to any limitations on conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or exercise of the Incremental Warrants;
provided, that, any securities described in (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall no longer be deemed to be Registrable Securities when such
securities may be resold by such Investor without restriction (including, without limitation, volume limitations) pursuant to Rule 144
(taking account of any Staff position with respect to affiliate status).

(j)
Registration Statement means a registration statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the
1933 Act covering Registrable Securities.

(k)
Required Holder shall have the meaning as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(l)
Required Registration Amount means, as of any time of determination, 100% of the sum of (i) the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding (assuming for purposes hereof that
(x) the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in
effect as of such applicable date of determination and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion
of the Series A Preferred Stock set forth in the Certificate of Designations) and (ii) the maximum number of Incremental Warrant Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion of the Incremental Warrant Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Incremental Warrant Conversion
Shares are convertible at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) of such applicable date of determination and
(y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Incremental Warrant Conversion Shares set
forth in the Certificate of Designations), all subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2(d) and/or Section 2(f)).

2

(m)
Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time,
or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the Company
to the public without registration.

(n)
Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time,
or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the SEC providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis.

(o)
SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

2.
Registration.

(a)
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Filing Deadline,
file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement on Form S-1 covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities; provided that
such initial Registration Statement shall register for resale at least the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Registration
Amount as of the date such Registration Statement is initially filed with the SEC (less the securities issued pursuant to the
Prospectus Supplement (as defined below)); provided further that the Company shall file in within the time prescribed by the rules and
regulations of 1933 Act a prospectus supplement to the Companys Form S-3 (File No. 333-275559) (the Company Shelf Registration
Statement) pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) registering the sale to the Buyers of 180 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Convertible
Shares underlying such preferred stock; provided further, that the Company and the Required Holder may mutually agree that such initial
Registration Statement shall register for resale a number of shares of Common Stock less than the Required Registration Amount. Except
for the Company Shelf Registration Statement, such initial Registration Statement, and each other Registration Statement required to
be filed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, shall contain (except if otherwise directed by the Required Holder) the Selling
Stockholders and Plan of Distribution sections in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B. The Company shall use its best efforts to have such initial Registration Statement, and each other Registration Statement required
to be filed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than
the applicable Effectiveness Deadline for such Registration Statement.

(b)
Legal Counsel. Subject to Section 5 hereof, Pryor Cashman LLP, counsel solely to the lead Investor (Legal Counsel)
shall review and oversee any registration, solely on behalf of the lead Investor, pursuant to this Section 2.

(c)
Ineligibility to Use Form S-3. In the event that Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities
hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 or another appropriate form reasonably
acceptable to the Required Holder and (ii) undertake to register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such
form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of all Registration Statements then in effect until such
time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of all the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the
SEC and the prospectus contained therein is available for use.

3

(d)
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under any Registration Statement is insufficient
to cover all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered by such Registration Statement or an Investors allocated portion
of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(h), the Company shall amend such Registration Statement (if permissible), or file
with the SEC a new Registration Statement (on the short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover at least the
Required Registration Amount as of the Trading Day (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) immediately preceding the date of
the filing of such amendment or new Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than twenty
(20) Trading Days after the necessity therefor arises (but taking account of any Staff (as defined below) position with respect to the
date on which the Staff will permit such amendment to the Registration Statement and/or such new Registration Statement (as the case
may be) to be filed with the SEC). Subject to the Staffs position describe above, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
such amendment to such Registration Statement and/or such new Registration Statement (as the case may be) to become effective as soon
as practicable following the filing thereof with the SEC, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness Deadline for such Registration
Statement. For purposes of the foregoing provision, the number of shares available under a Registration Statement shall be deemed insufficient
to cover all of the Registrable Securities if at any time the number of shares of Common Stock available for resale under the
applicable Registration Statement is less than the product determined by multiplying (i) the Required Registration Amount as of such
time by (ii) 0.90 unless the filing of a new or additional Registration Statement is not allowed by the SEC as described above. The calculation
set forth in the foregoing sentence shall be made without regard to any limitations on conversion, amortization and/or redemption of
the Series A Preferred Stock (and such calculation shall assume (A) that the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are then convertible
in full into shares of Common Stock at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) of such applicable date of determination,
and (B) all shares of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of such time of determination remain outstanding through the eighteen
(18) month anniversary of the Initial Issuance Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) and no redemptions of the Series
A Preferred Stock occur prior to such eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Initial Issuance Date.

(e)
Effect of Failure to File and Obtain and Maintain Effectiveness of any Registration Statement. If (i) a Registration Statement
covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered thereby (subject to any reduction pursuant to Section
2(f)) and required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement is (A) not filed with the SEC on or before the Filing Deadline
for such Registration Statement (a Filing Failure) (it being understood that if the Company files a Registration
Statement without affording each Investor and Legal Counsel the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section
3(c) hereof, the Company shall be deemed to not have satisfied this clause (i)(A) and such event shall be deemed to be a Filing Failure)
or (B) not declared effective by the SEC on or before the Effectiveness Deadline for such Registration Statement (an Effectiveness
Failure) (it being understood that if on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately following the Effective Date
for such Registration Statement the Company shall not have filed a final prospectus for such Registration Statement with
the SEC under Rule 424(b) in accordance with Section 3(b) (whether or not such a prospectus is technically required by such rule), the
Company shall be deemed to not have satisfied this clause (i)(B) and such event shall be deemed to be an Effectiveness Failure), (ii)
other than during an Allowable Grace Period (as defined below), on any day after the Effective Date of a Registration Statement sales
of all of the Registrable Securities required to be included on such Registration Statement (subject to any reduction pursuant to Section
2(f)) cannot be made pursuant to such Registration Statement (including, without limitation, because of a failure to keep such Registration
Statement effective, a failure to disclose such information as is necessary for sales to be made pursuant to such Registration Statement,
a suspension or delisting of (or a failure to timely list) the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement) or any other limitations imposed by the Principal Market, or a failure to register a sufficient number of shares
of Common Stock subject to any reduction pursuant to Section 2(f) or by reason of a stop order) or the prospectus contained therein is
not available for use for any reason (a Maintenance Failure), or (iii) if a Registration Statement is not effective
for any reason or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use for any reason, and either (x) the Company fails for any
reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information
requirement under Rule 144(c) or (y) the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in
the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Current Public Information Failure)
as a result of which any of the Investors are unable to sell Registrable Securities under Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume
restrictions), then, as partial relief for the damages to any holder by reason of any such delay in, or reduction of, its ability to
sell the underlying shares of Common Stock (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available at law or in equity,
including, without limitation, specific performance), the Company shall pay to each holder of Registrable Securities relating to such
Registration Statement an amount in cash equal to one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the aggregate stated value of the Series A Preferred
Stock then held by such Investor (1) on the date of such Filing Failure, Effectiveness Failure, Maintenance Failure or Current Public
Information Failure, as applicable, and (2) on every thirty (30) day anniversary of (I) a Filing Failure until such Filing Failure is
cured; (II) an Effectiveness Failure until such Effectiveness Failure is cured; (III) a Maintenance Failure until such Maintenance Failure
is cured; and (IV) a Current Public Information Failure until the earlier of (i) the date such Current Public Information Failure is
cured and (ii) such time that such public information is no longer required pursuant to Rule 144 (in each case, pro rated for periods
totaling less than thirty (30) days). The payments to which a holder of Registrable Securities shall be entitled pursuant to this Section
2(e) are referred to herein as Registration Delay Payments. Following the initial Registration Delay Payment for
any particular event or failure (which shall be paid on the date of such event or failure, as set forth above), without limiting the
foregoing, if an event or failure giving rise to the Registration Delay Payments is cured prior to any thirty (30) day anniversary of
such event or failure, then such Registration Delay Payment shall be made on the third (3rd) Business Day after such cure.
In the event the Company fails to make Registration Delay Payments in a timely manner in accordance with the foregoing, such Registration
Delay Payments shall bear interest at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month (prorated for partial months) until paid
in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Registration Delay Payments shall be owed to an Investor (other than with respect to a Maintenance
Failure resulting from a suspension or delisting of (or a failure to timely list) the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market)
with respect to any period during which all of such Investors Registrable Securities may be sold by such Investor without restriction
under Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information required by Rule
144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable).

4

(f)
Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event the staff of the SEC (the Staff)
or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an
offering of securities by, or on behalf of, the Company, or in any other manner, such that the Staff or the SEC do not permit such Registration
Statement to become effective and used for resales in a manner that does not constitute such an offering and that permits the continuous
resale at the market by the Investors participating therein (or as otherwise may be acceptable to each Investor) without being named
therein as an underwriter, then the Company shall reduce the number of shares to be included in such Registration Statement
by all Investors until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective as aforesaid.
In making such reduction, the Company shall reduce the number of shares to be included by all Investors on a pro rata basis (based upon
the number of Registrable Securities otherwise required to be included for each Investor) unless the inclusion of shares by a particular
Investor or a particular set of Investors are resulting in the Staff or the SECs by or on behalf of the Company
offering position, in which event the shares held by such Investor or set of Investors shall be the only shares subject to reduction
(and if by a set of Investors on a pro rata basis by such Investors or on such other basis as would result in the exclusion of the least
number of shares by all such Investors); provided, that, with respect to such pro rata portion allocated to any Investor, such Investor
may elect the allocation of such pro rata portion among the Registrable Securities of such Investor. In addition, in the event that the
Staff or the SEC requires any Investor seeking to sell securities under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement to
be specifically identified as an underwriter in order to permit such Registration Statement to become effective, and such
Investor does not consent to being so named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement, then, in each such case, the Company shall
reduce the total number of Registrable Securities to be registered on behalf of such Investor, until such time as the Staff or the SEC
does not require such identification or until such Investor accepts such identification and the manner thereof. Any reduction pursuant
to this paragraph will first reduce all Registrable Securities other than those issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.
In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, an affected Investor shall have the right to require,
upon delivery of a written request to the Company signed by such Investor, the Company to file a registration statement within twenty
(20) Trading Days of such request (subject to any restrictions on the ability to file such registration under Rule 415 or the SEC or
required by the Staff or the SEC) for resale by such Investor in a manner reasonably acceptable to such Investor, and the Company shall
following such request cause to be and keep effective such registration statement in the same manner as otherwise contemplated in this
Agreement for registration statements hereunder, in each case until such time as: (i) all Registrable Securities held by such Investor
have been registered and sold pursuant to an effective Registration Statement in a manner acceptable to such Investor or (ii) all Registrable
Securities may be resold by such Investor without restriction (including, without limitation, volume limitations) pursuant to Rule 144
(taking account of any Staff position with respect to affiliate status) and without the need for current public information
required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or (iii) such Investor agrees to be named as an underwriter in any such
Registration Statement in a manner acceptable to such Investor as to all Registrable Securities held by such Investor and that have not
theretofore been included in a Registration Statement under this Agreement (it being understood that the special demand right under this
sentence may be exercised by an Investor multiple times and with respect to limited amounts of Registrable Securities in order to permit
the resale thereof by such Investor as contemplated above). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to pay any
Registration Delay Payments with respect to any Registrable Securities that are required to be included in any Registration Statement
but not allowed under this clause (f).

(g)
Piggyback Registrations. Without limiting any obligation of the Company hereunder or under the Securities Purchase Agreement if
there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for use and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement or offering statement relating
to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the 1933 Act of any of its equity securities (other than on Form S-4
or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the 1933 Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection
with any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock option or other
employee benefit plans), then the Company shall deliver to each Investor a written notice of such determination and, if within five (5)
days after the date of the delivery of such notice, any such Investor shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such
registration statement or offering statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such Investor requests to be registered;
provided, however, the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(g) that are eligible
for resale pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current
public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or that are the subject of a then-effective Registration
Statement or cannot be included in such registration statement as a result of clause (f) above.

5

(h)
Allocation of Registrable Securities. The initial number of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement and
any increase in the number of Registrable Securities included therein shall be allocated pro rata among the Investors based on the number
of Registrable Securities held by each Investor at the time such Registration Statement covering such initial number of Registrable Securities
or increase thereof is declared effective by the SEC. In the event that an Investor sells or otherwise transfers any of such Investors
Registrable Securities, each transferee or assignee (as the case may be) that becomes an Investor shall be allocated a pro rata portion
of the then-remaining number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement for such transferor or assignee (as the
case may be). Any shares of Common Stock included in a Registration Statement and which remain allocated to any Person which ceases to
hold any Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement shall be allocated to the remaining Investors, pro rata based
on the number of Registrable Securities then held by such Investors which are covered by such Registration Statement.

(i)
No Inclusion of Other Securities. The Company shall in no event include any securities other than Registrable Securities on any
Registration Statement filed in accordance herewith without the prior written consent of the Required Holder. Until the Applicable Date
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company shall not enter into any agreement providing any registration rights to
any of its security holders with respect to the filing of a registration statement (other than a registration statement on Form S-4)
prior to the Applicable Date, except as otherwise permitted under the Securities Purchase Agreement.

3.
Related Obligations.

The
Company shall use its best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of
disposition thereof, and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

(a)
The Company shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect to all the Registrable Securities (but
in no event later than the applicable Filing Deadline) and use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective
as soon as practicable after such filing (but in no event later than the Effectiveness Deadline). Subject to Allowable Grace Periods,
the Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective (and the prospectus contained therein available for use) pursuant to Rule
415 for resales by the Investors on a delayed or continuous basis at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) at all times
until the earlier of (i) the date as of which all of the Investors may sell all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered
by such Registration Statement (disregarding any reduction pursuant to Section 2(f)) without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 (including,
without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2),
if applicable) or (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
Statement (the Registration Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company
shall ensure that, when filed and at all times while effective, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments
and supplements thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection
with such Registration Statement (1) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in
which they were made) not misleading and (2) will disclose (whether directly or through incorporation by reference to other SEC filings
to the extent permitted) all material information regarding the Company and its securities. The Company shall submit to the SEC, within
two (2) Business Days after the later of the date that (i) the Company learns that no review of a particular Registration Statement will
be made by the Staff or that the Staff has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement (as the case may be) and (ii) the
consent of Legal Counsel is obtained pursuant to Section 3(c) (which consent shall be promptly sought), a request for acceleration of
effectiveness of such Registration Statement to a time and date not later than forty-eight (48) hours after the submission of such request.
The Company shall respond in writing to comments made by the SEC in respect of a Registration Statement, including any amendments thereto,
as soon as practicable but in no event later than fifteen (15) Trading Days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the SEC that
an amendment is required in order for a Registration Statement to be declared effective.

6

(b)
Subject to Section 3(r) of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including, without limitation,
post-effective amendments) and supplements to each Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with each such Registration
Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the 1933 Act, as may be necessary to keep each such
Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period for such Registration Statement, and, during such period,
comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company required to be
covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance
with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement; provided, however,
by 8:30 a.m. (New York time) on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately following each Effective Date, the Company shall
file with the SEC in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act the final prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant
to the applicable Registration Statement (whether or not such a prospectus is technically required by such rule). In the case of amendments
and supplements to any Registration Statement which are required to be filed, if any (including, without limitation, pursuant to this
Section 3(b)), by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K or any analogous report under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), the Company shall, if permitted under the applicable rules and
regulations of the SEC, have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or if required, shall
file such amendments or supplements with the SEC on the same day on which the 1934 Act report is filed which created the requirement
for the Company to amend or supplement such Registration Statement.

(c)
The Company shall (A) permit Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor to review and comment upon (i) each Registration
Statement at least three (3) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration
Statement (including, without limitation, the prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing
with the SEC, and (B) not file any Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto in a form to which Legal Counsel or any
legal counsel for any other Investor reasonably objects; provided, however, that if Legal Counsel does not provide comments to such Registration
Statement within three (3) Business Days of receipt thereof, such failure to respond shall be construed as approval to file the Registration
Statement. The Company shall promptly furnish to Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor, without charge, if requested,
(i) copies of any correspondence from the SEC or the Staff to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement,
provided that such correspondence shall not contain any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one (1) copy of each Registration
Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference, if requested by an Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration
Statement, one (1) copy of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto. The Company
shall reasonably cooperate with Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor in performing the Companys obligations
pursuant to this Section 3.

(d)
Upon request from an Investor, the Company shall promptly furnish to each Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration
Statement, without charge, (i) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one (1) copy of each Registration Statement
and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
therein by reference, if requested by an Investor, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) on or after the effectiveness of
each Registration Statement, ten (10) copies of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements
thereto (or such other number of copies as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time) and (iii) such other documents, including,
without limitation, copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order
to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor.

7

(e)
The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification applies,
the resale by Investors of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue
sky laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including,
without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain
the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations
and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable
to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, the Company shall not be required in connection
therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify
but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service
of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each
Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration
or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction
in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

(f)
The Company shall notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor in writing of the happening of any event,
as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the prospectus included in a Registration Statement,
as then in effect, may include an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that
in no event shall such notice contain any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and, subject
to Section 3(r), promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and such prospectus contained therein to correct
such untrue statement or omission and, if requested by the Investor, deliver one (1) copy of such supplement or amendment to Legal Counsel,
legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor (or such other number of copies as Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other
Investor or such Investor may reasonably request), provided, however, that such delivery shall not be required if such supplement or
amendment is filed with the SEC and available on the EDGAR system. The Company shall also promptly notify Legal Counsel and legal counsel
for each other Investor (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, when a Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to Legal Counsel
and legal counsel for each other Investor by e-mail on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), and when the Company
receives written notice from the SEC that a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment will be reviewed by the SEC, (ii)
of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, (iii)
of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate; and
(iv) of the receipt of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for any additional information relating
to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any related prospectus. The Company shall respond as promptly
as practicable to any comments received from the SEC with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto (it being understood
and agreed that the Companys response to any such comments shall be delivered to the SEC no later than fifteen (15) Business Days
after the receipt thereof).

(g)
The Company shall (i) use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of each Registration
Statement or the use of any prospectus contained therein, or the suspension of the qualification, or the loss of an exemption from qualification,
of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal
of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and (ii) notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and
each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice
of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

8

(h)
If any Investor may be required under applicable securities law to be described in any Registration Statement as an underwriter and such
Investor consents to so being named an underwriter, at the request of any Investor, the Company shall furnish to such Investor, on the
date of the effectiveness of such Registration Statement and thereafter from time to time on such dates as an Investor may reasonably
request (i) a letter, dated such date, from the Companys independent certified public accountants in form and substance as is
customarily given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors,
and (ii) an opinion, dated as of such date, of counsel representing the Company for purposes of such Registration Statement, in form,
scope and substance as is customarily given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors.

(i)
If any Investor may be required under applicable securities law to be described in any Registration Statement as an underwriter and such
Investor consents to so being named an underwriter, upon the written request of such Investor, the Company shall make available for inspection
by (i) such Investor, (ii) legal counsel for such Investor and (iii) one (1) firm of accountants or other agents retained by such Investor
(collectively, the Inspectors), all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent corporate documents and
properties of the Company (collectively, the Records), as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each Inspector,
and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information which any Inspector may reasonably request;
provided, however, each Inspector shall agree in writing to hold in strict confidence and not to make any disclosure (except to such
Investor) or use of any Record or other information which the Companys board of directors determines in good faith to be confidential,
and of which determination the Inspectors are so notified, unless (1) the disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct
a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required under the 1933 Act, (2) the release of such Records
is ordered pursuant to a final, non-appealable subpoena or order from a court or government body of competent jurisdiction, or (3) the
information in such Records has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement). Such Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning that
disclosure of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt
notice to the Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a
protective order for, the Records deemed confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement between the Company
and such Investor, if any) shall be deemed to limit any Investors ability to sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is
otherwise consistent with applicable laws and regulations.

(j)
The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning an Investor provided to the Company unless
(i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information
is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required to be disclosed in
such Registration Statement pursuant to the 1933 Act, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other
final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally
available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Company agrees
that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body
of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to such Investor and allow such Investor, at such Investors
expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

(k)
Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts either
to (i) cause all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which
securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is
then permitted under the rules of such exchange, (ii) secure designation and quotation of all of the Registrable Securities covered by
each Registration Statement on an Eligible Market (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), or (iii) if, despite the Companys
best efforts to satisfy the preceding clauses (i) or (ii) the Company is unsuccessful in satisfying the preceding clauses (i) or (ii),
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to use its best efforts to arrange for at least two market makers to register with
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) as such with respect to such Registrable Securities. In addition,
the Company shall cooperate with each Investor and any broker or dealer through which any such Investor proposes to sell its Registrable
Securities in effecting a filing with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 as requested by such Investor. The Company shall pay all fees
and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 3(k).

9

(l)
The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who hold Registrable Securities being offered and, to the extent applicable, facilitate
the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be
offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such certificates to be in such denominations or amounts (as the case may be)
as the Investors may reasonably request from time to time and registered in such names as the Investors may request.

(m)
If requested by an Investor, the Company shall as soon as practicable after receipt of notice from such Investor and subject to Section
3(r) hereof, (i) incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as an Investor reasonably requests
to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with
respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of
the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment;
and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement or prospectus contained therein if reasonably requested by an Investor
holding any Registrable Securities.

(n)
[Reserved].

(o)
The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practical, but not later than ninety (90) days after the
close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying with, and in the manner provided by, the provisions of
Rule 158 under the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month period beginning not later than the first day of the Companys fiscal quarter
next following the applicable Effective Date of each Registration Statement.

(p)
The Company shall otherwise use its best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection with any
registration hereunder.

(q)
Within two (2) Business Day after a Registration Statement which covers Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, the
Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities
(with copies to the Investors whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration Statement) confirmation that such Registration
Statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(r)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (but subject to the last sentence of this Section 3(r)), at any time after the Effective
Date of a particular Registration Statement, the Company may delay the disclosure of material, non-public information concerning the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the board of directors of
the Company, in the best interest of the Company and, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, otherwise required (a Grace
Period), provided that the Company shall promptly notify the Investors in writing of the (i) existence of material, non-public
information giving rise to a Grace Period (provided that in each such notice the Company shall not disclose the content of such material,
non-public information to any of the Investors) and the date on which such Grace Period will begin and (ii) date on which such Grace
Period ends, provided further that (I) no Grace Period shall exceed ten (10) consecutive days and during any three hundred sixty five
(365) day period all such Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of thirty (30) days, (II) the first day of any Grace Period must
be at least five (5) Trading Days after the last day of any prior Grace Period and (III) no Grace Period may exist during the sixty (60)
Trading Day period immediately following the Effective Date of such Registration Statement (provided that such sixty (60) Trading Day
period shall be extended by the number of Trading Days during such period and any extension thereof contemplated by this proviso during
which such Registration Statement is not effective or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use) (each, an Allowable
Grace Period). For purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, such Grace Period shall begin on and include
the date the Investors receive the notice referred to in clause (i) above and shall end on and include the later of the date the Investors
receive the notice referred to in clause (ii) above and the date referred to in such notice. The provisions of Section 3(g) hereof shall
not be applicable during the period of any Allowable Grace Period. Upon expiration of each Grace Period, the Company shall again be bound
by the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect to the information giving rise thereto unless such material, non-public information
is no longer applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3(r), the Company shall cause its transfer
agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase
Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has entered into a contract for sale,
and delivered a copy of the prospectus included as part of the particular Registration Statement to the extent applicable, prior to such
Investors receipt of the notice of a Grace Period and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

10

(s)
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by each Investors of its Registrable
Securities pursuant to each Registration Statement.

(t)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof shall identify any Investor as an underwriter in any public disclosure or
filing with the SEC, the Principal Market or any Eligible Market (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) and any Buyer being
deemed an underwriter by the SEC shall not relieve the Company of any obligations it has under this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit the Company from including the disclosure found in the Plan
of Distribution section attached hereto as Exhibit B in the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
shall not be required to pay any Registration Delay Payments in the event of any Buyer being deemed an underwriter by the SEC.

(u)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing
the rights granted to the Buyers in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

4.
Obligations of the Investors.

(a)
At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of each Registration Statement, the Company shall notify each
Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from each such Investor with respect to such Registration Statement. It shall
be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the
Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the
Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, as shall be reasonably
required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents
in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request and the Company shall not be subject to the Registration Delay
Payments as a result of an Investors failure to comply with this Section 4(a).

(b)
Each Investor, by such Investors acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of each Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor
has notified the Company in writing of such Investors election to exclude all of such Investors Registrable Securities
from such Registration Statement.

(c)
Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
3(g) or the first sentence of Section 3(f), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant
to any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until such Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented
or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(g) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment
is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(c), the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended
shares of Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement in connection
with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors
receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(g) or the first sentence of Section
3(f) and for which such Investor has not yet settled.

11

5.
Expenses of Registration.

All
reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting
fees, FINRA filing fees (if any) and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company shall be paid by the Company. The Company shall
reimburse Legal Counsel for its fees and disbursements in connection with registration, filing or qualification pursuant to Sections
2 and 3 of this Agreement which amount shall be limited to $10,000 for each such registration, filing or qualification.

6.
Indemnification.

(a)
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor and each
of its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) and each Person,
if any, who controls such Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act and each of the directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, an Indemnified
Person), against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges,
costs (including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees and costs of defense and investigation), amounts
paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or
defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental,
administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Person is or
may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or
actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made
in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in
which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date of such Registration Statement,
or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with
the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light
of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the
Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation
thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or (iv) any violation of
this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations). Subject
to Section 6(c), the Company shall reimburse the Indemnified Persons, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable,
for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim
by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished
in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person for such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation
of such Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the
Company pursuant to Section 3(d); and (ii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected
without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer
of any of the Registrable Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

12

(b)
In connection with any Registration Statement in which an Investor is participating, such Investor agrees to severally and not jointly
indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of
its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to
which any of them may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise
out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case, to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon
and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration
Statement; and, subject to Section 6(c) and the below provisos in this Section 6(b), such Investor will reimburse an Indemnified Party
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim;
provided, however, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in
Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent
of such Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided further that such Investor shall be liable under
this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a result
of the applicable sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable
Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

(c)
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including, without limitation, any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under
this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have
the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly
noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person
or the Indemnified Party (as the case may be); provided, however, an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall
have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party if: (i) the
indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed promptly to assume
the defense of such Claim and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case
may be) in any such Claim; or (iii) the named parties to any such Claim (including, without limitation, any impleaded parties) include
both such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) and the indemnifying party, and such Indemnified Person or such
Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same
counsel were to represent such Indemnified Person or such Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party (in which case, if such Indemnified
Person or such Indemnified Party (as the case may be) notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel
at the expense of the indemnifying party, then the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and such
counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party, provided further that in the case of clause (iii) above the indemnifying party
shall not be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one (1) separate legal counsel for such Indemnified Person
or Indemnified Party (as the case may be)). The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) shall reasonably cooperate
with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall
furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may
be) which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case
may be) reasonably apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying
party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent; provided, however,
the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior
written consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any
settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation,
and such settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Indemnified Party. Following indemnification as provided
for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may
be) with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure
to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve
such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6, except
to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially and adversely prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

13

(d)
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

(e)
The indemnity and contribution agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject
to pursuant to the law.

7.
Contribution.

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law;
provided, however: (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification
under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, (ii) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which
Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) in connection with such sale shall
be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation;
and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the amount of net proceeds received by such
seller from the applicable sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 7, no Investor shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such Investor from the applicable sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Claim exceeds the amount
of any damages that such Investor has otherwise been required to pay, or would otherwise be required to pay under Section 6(b), by reason
of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

8.
Reports Under the 1934 Act.

With
a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144, the Company agrees to:

(a)
make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

(b)
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so long
as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood and agreed that nothing herein shall limit any obligations of
the Company under the Securities Purchase Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable
provisions of Rule 144; and

(c)
furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the
Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting, submission and posting requirements of Rule 144, the 1933 Act and the 1934
Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company
with the SEC if such reports are not publicly available via EDGAR, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to
permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

9.
Assignment of Registration Rights.

All
or any portion of the rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by each Investor to any transferee or assignee (as
the case may be) of all or any portion of such Investors Registrable Securities, Preferred Shares or Incremental Warrants if:
(i) such Investor agrees in writing with such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) to assign all or any portion of such rights,
and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment (as the case may
be); (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment (as the case may be), furnished with written notice
of (a) the name and address of such transferee or assignee (as the case may be), and (b) the securities with respect to which such registration
rights are being transferred or assigned (as the case may be); (iii) immediately following such transfer or assignment (as the case may
be) the further disposition of such securities by such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) is restricted under the 1933 Act or
applicable state securities laws if so required; (iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated by clause
(ii) of this sentence such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions
contained herein; (v) such transfer or assignment (as the case may be) shall have been made in accordance with the applicable requirements
of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designations and the Series A Preferred Stock and the Incremental Warrants (as
the case may be); and (vi) such transfer or assignment (as the case may be) shall have been conducted in accordance with all applicable
federal and state securities laws.

14

10.
Amendment of Registration Rights.

Provisions
of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Holder; provided that any such amendment or waiver that
complies with the foregoing, but that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Investor. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 10 shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company, provided
that no such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of Registrable Securities
or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on any Investor without such Investors prior written consent (which may be granted
or withheld in such Investors sole discretion). No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification
of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration (other than the reimbursement of legal fees) also is offered to all
of the parties to this Agreement.

11.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Solely for purposes of this Agreement, a Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns, or is deemed
to own, of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more
Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received
from such record owner of such Registrable Securities.

(b)
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic
mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party
does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to
such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each
case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp.

12915
Old Virginia Road

Reno,
Nevada 89521

Telephone:
855-292-2831

Attention:
Denis Phares, Ph.D., CEO and President

E-Mail:
denis@dragonfly.com

With
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Lowenstein
Sandler LLP

1251
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10020

Telephone:
(212) 262-6700

Attention:
Steven Skolnik

E-Mail:
sskolnick@lowenstein.com

15

If
to the Transfer Agent:

Equiniti
Trust Company

6201
15th Avenue

Brooklyn,
NY 11219

Telephone:
(718) 921-8129

Attention:
John Lundberg, Senior Relationship Manager

E-Mail:
John.lundberg@equiniti.com

If
to Legal Counsel:

Pryor
Cashman LLP

7
Times Square, 40th Floor

New
York, NY 10036

Telephone:
(212) 421-4100

Attention:
M. Ali Panjwani

E-mail:
a.panjwani@pryorcashman.com

If
to a Buyer, to its mailing address and e-mail address set forth on the Schedule of Buyers attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
with copies to such Buyers representatives as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, or to such other mailing address and/or e-mail
address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party
five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change, provided that Pryor Cashman LLP shall only be provided notices sent to the lead
Investor. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically
or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided by a
courier or overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(c)
Any Investor may deliver a written notice (an Opt-Out Notice) to the Company requesting that such Investor not receive
notices from the Company otherwise required by the last sentence of Section 3(e), the first sentence of Section 3(f) or Section 3(g)(ii);
provided, however, that the Investor may later revoke any such Opt-Out Notice in writing. Following receipt of an Opt-Out Notice from
the Investor (unless subsequently revoked), (i) the Company shall not deliver any such notices to the Investor and the Investor shall
no longer be entitled to the rights associated with any such notice and (ii) each time prior the Investors intended use of an
effective Registration Statement, the Investor will notify the Company in writing at least two (2) Business Days in advance of such intended
use, and if a notice of an event contemplated in Section 3 was previously delivered (or would have been delivered but for the provisions
of this Section 11(c)) and a related suspension period remains in effect, the Company will so notify the Investor within one (1) Business
Day of the Investors notification to the Company by delivering to the Investor a copy of such previous notice provided to the
other Investors.

(d)
Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right
or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof. The Company and each Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur
in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that each party hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches
of the provisions of this Agreement by any other party hereto and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the
necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy
to which any party may be entitled by law or equity.

16

(e)
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict or law provision or rule (whether of the State
of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New
York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New
York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for
such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(f)
If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest
extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change,
the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the
provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical
realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations
to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible
to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

(g)
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced
herein and therein constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto solely with respect to the subject matter hereof
and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced
herein and therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto solely with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof; provided, however, nothing contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed
to) (i) have any effect on any agreements any Investor has entered into with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date
hereof with respect to any prior investment made by such Investor in the Company, (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any respect any
obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any rights of or benefits to any Investor or any other Person in any agreement
entered into prior to the date hereof between or among the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and any Investor and all such agreements
shall continue in full force and effect or (iii) limit any obligations of the Company under any of the other Transaction Documents.

(h)
Subject to compliance with Section 9 (if applicable), this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted
successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto. This Agreement is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any Person, other than the parties hereto, their respective permitted successors and assigns and the Persons referred to in Sections
6 and 7 hereof.

17

(i)
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. Unless
the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and
plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall
be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder,
hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(j)
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an email which contains a portable document
format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

(k)
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l)
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 10, terms used
in this Agreement but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date in
such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by each Investor.

(m)
All consents and other determinations required to be made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless otherwise
specified in this Agreement, by the Required Holder, determined as if all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock then held by the
Investors have been converted for Registrable Securities without regard to any limitations on redemption, amortization and/or conversion
of the Series A Preferred then held by Investors have been exercised for Registrable Securities.

(n)
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

(o)
The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Investor under
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken
by any Investor pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors
do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that
the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents or any matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors are not acting in concert or as a group,
and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any of the other the Transaction Documents. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including,
without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of any other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary
for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect
to the obligations of the Company contained herein was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Investor,
and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Investor. It is expressly
understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and
an Investor, solely, and not between the Company and the Investors collectively and not between and among Investors.

[signature
page follows]

18

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to
be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to
be duly executed as of the date first written above.

BUYERS:

JAK
OPPORTUNITIES XVII LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

19

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

______________________

______________________

______________________

Attention: _____________

Re:
Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

[We
are][I am] counsel to Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and have represented
the Company in connection with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) entered
into by and among the Company and the buyers named therein (collectively, the Holders) pursuant to which the Company
issued to the Holders shares of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series
A Preferred Stock), which will be convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares) of the Companys
shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), and warrants exercisable for shares of Series
A Preferred Stock (the Incremental Warrants). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company also has
entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Holders (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which
the Company agreed, among other things, to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), including
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
1933 Act). In connection with the Companys obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, on ____________
___, 20__, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form [S-1][S-3] (File No. 333-_____________) (the Registration Statement)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the Registrable Securities which names each of
the Holders as a selling stockholder thereunder.

In
connection with the foregoing, [we][I] advise you that [a member of the SECs staff has advised [us][me] by telephone that [the
SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the 1933 Act at [ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS] on [ENTER
DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS]] [an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the 1933 Act at [ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS]
on [ENTER DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS]] has been posted on the web site of the SEC at www.sec.gov] and [we][I] have no knowledge, after a review
of information posted on the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov/litigation/stoporders.shtml, that any stop order suspending its
effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Registrable
Securities are available for resale under the 1933 Act pursuant to the Registration Statement.

This
letter shall serve as our standing opinion to you that the shares of Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock are freely
transferable by the Holders pursuant to the Registration Statement. You need not require further letters from us to effect any future
legend-free issuance or reissuance of such shares of Common Stock to the Holders as contemplated by the Companys Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions dated _________ __, 20__.

Very
truly yours,

[ISSUERS
COUNSEL]

By: 

CC: JAK
Opportunities XVII LLC

A-1

EXHIBIT
B

SELLING
STOCKHOLDERS

The
shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders are those issuable to the selling stockholders upon conversion of the
preferred shares and exercise of the incremental warrants. For additional information regarding the issuance of the preferred shares,
see Private Placement of Preferred Shares above. We are registering the shares of common stock in order to permit the selling
stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the preferred shares issued pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement, the selling stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years.

The
table below lists the selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership (as determined under Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder) of the shares of common stock held by each
of the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the selling stockholders,
based on their respective ownership of shares of common stock, preferred shares and incremental warrants, as of ________, 20__, assuming
conversion of the preferred shares and exercise of the incremental warrants held by each such selling stockholder on that date but taking
account of any limitations on conversion and exercise set forth therein.

The
third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders and does not take in account
any limitations on (i) conversion of the preferred shares set forth therein or (ii) exercise of the incremental warrants set forth therein.

In
accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the holders of the preferred shares and the incremental warrants, this
prospectus generally covers the resale of 100% of the sum of (i) the maximum number of shares of common stock issued or issuable pursuant
to Certificate of Designations, including payment of dividends on the preferred shares through [DATE] and (ii) the maximum number of
shares of common stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the preferred shares issued or issuable upon exercise of cancellation of
the incremental warrants, in each case, determined as if the outstanding preferred shares (including dividends on the preferred shares
through [DATE]) were converted, exercised or cancelled (as the case may be) in full (without regard to any limitations on conversion
contained therein solely for the purpose of such calculation) at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then
in effect. Because the Floor Price applicable to the preferred shares may be adjusted, the number of shares that will actually be issued
may be more or less than the number of shares being offered by this prospectus. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares
offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus.

Under
the terms of the preferred shares, a selling stockholder may not convert the preferred shares to the extent (but only to the extent)
such selling stockholder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own a number of shares of our common stock which would exceed 4.99%
of the outstanding shares of the Company. The number of shares in the second column reflects these limitations. The selling stockholders
may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Name
of Selling Stockholder Number
of Shares of Common Stock Owned Prior to Offering Maximum
Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus Number
of Shares of Common Stock of Owned After Offering

JAK
Opportunities XVII LLC (1) 

(1) [ ]

B-1

PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION

We
are registering the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the preferred shares to permit the resale of these shares of common
stock by the holders of the preferred shares from time to time after the date of this prospectus. We will not receive any of the proceeds
from the sale by the selling stockholders of the shares of common stock. We will bear all fees and expenses incident to our obligation
to register the shares of common stock.

The
selling stockholders may sell all or a portion of the shares of common stock held by them and offered hereby from time to time directly
or through one or more underwriters, broker-dealers or agents. If the shares of common stock are sold through underwriters or broker-dealers,
the selling stockholders will be responsible for underwriting discounts or commissions or agents commissions. The shares of common
stock may be sold in one or more transactions at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale, at varying prices
determined at the time of sale or at negotiated prices. These sales may be effected in transactions, which may involve crosses or block
transactions, pursuant to one or more of the following methods:

on
any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the securities may be listed or quoted at the time of sale;

in
the over-the-counter market;

in
transactions otherwise than on these exchanges or systems or in the over-the-counter market;

through
the writing or settlement of options, whether such options are listed on an options exchange or otherwise;

ordinary
brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block
trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as
principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases
by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an
exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately
negotiated transactions;

short
sales made after the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC;

broker-dealers
may agree with a selling security holder to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share;

a
combination of any such methods of sale; and

any
other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The
selling stockholders may also sell shares of common stock under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if
available, rather than under this prospectus. In addition, the selling stockholders may transfer the shares of common stock by other
means not described in this prospectus. If the selling stockholders effect such transactions by selling shares of common stock to or
through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, such underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions in the form of discounts,
concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders or commissions from purchasers of the shares of common stock for whom they may
act as agent or to whom they may sell as principal (which discounts, concessions or commissions as to particular underwriters, broker-dealers
or agents may be in excess of those customary in the types of transactions involved). In connection with sales of the shares of common
stock or otherwise, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers, which may in turn engage in short
sales of the shares of common stock in the course of hedging in positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares
of common stock short and deliver shares of common stock covered by this prospectus to close out short positions and to return borrowed
shares in connection with such short sales. The selling stockholders may also loan or pledge shares of common stock to broker-dealers
that in turn may sell such shares.

B-2

The
selling stockholders may pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the preferred shares, incremental warrants or shares of
common stock owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may
offer and sell the shares of common stock from time to time pursuant to this prospectus or any amendment to this prospectus under Rule
424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending, if necessary, the list of selling stockholders to include the
pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may
transfer and donate the shares of common stock in other circumstances in which case the transferees, donees, pledgees or other successors
in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

To
the extent required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, the selling stockholders and any broker-dealer participating
in the distribution of the shares of common stock may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities
Act, and any commission paid, or any discounts or concessions allowed to, any such broker-dealer may be deemed to be underwriting commissions
or discounts under the Securities Act. At the time a particular offering of the shares of common stock is made, a prospectus supplement,
if required, will be distributed, which will set forth the aggregate amount of shares of common stock being offered and the terms of
the offering, including the name or names of any broker-dealers or agents, any discounts, commissions and other terms constituting compensation
from the selling stockholders and any discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to broker-dealers.

Under
the securities laws of some states, the shares of common stock may be sold in such states only through registered or licensed brokers
or dealers. In addition, in some states the shares of common stock may not be sold unless such shares have been registered or qualified
for sale in such state or an exemption from registration or qualification is available and is complied with.

There
can be no assurance that any selling stockholder will sell any or all of the shares of common stock registered pursuant to the registration
statement, of which this prospectus forms a part.

The
selling stockholders and any other person participating in such distribution will be subject to applicable provisions of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, to the extent applicable,
Regulation M of the Exchange Act, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares of common stock by the selling
stockholders and any other participating person. To the extent applicable, Regulation M may also restrict the ability of any person engaged
in the distribution of the shares of common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of common stock. All
of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the shares of common stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making
activities with respect to the shares of common stock.

We
will pay all expenses of the registration of the shares of common stock pursuant to the registration rights agreement, estimated to be
$[ ] in total, including, without limitation, Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees and expenses of compliance with state
securities or blue sky laws; provided, however, a selling stockholder will pay all underwriting discounts and selling commissions,
if any. We will indemnify the selling stockholders against liabilities, including some liabilities under the Securities Act in accordance
with the registration rights agreements or the selling stockholders will be entitled to contribution. We may be indemnified by the selling
stockholders against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act that may arise from any written information furnished
to us by the selling stockholder specifically for use in this prospectus, in accordance with the related registration rights agreements
or we may be entitled to contribution.

Once
sold under the registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part, the shares of common stock will be freely tradable in the
hands of persons other than our affiliates.

B-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

SUPPORT
AGREEMENT

SUPPORT
AGREEMENT, dated as of February 26, 2025 (this Agreement), by and between Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada
corporation with offices located at 12915 Old Virginia Road, Reno, Nevada 89521 (the Company) and the Shareholders
identified on the signature pages hereto (each, a Shareholder and together, the Shareholders).

WHEREAS,
the Company and certain investors (each, an Investor, and collectively, the Investors) have
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Securities Purchase Agreement),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the Investors and the Investors have, severally but
not jointly, agreed to purchase shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value, of the Company (the Preferred
Shares), which will be convertible into common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
in accordance with the Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) certain
warrants (the Incremental Warrants) to purchase additional Preferred Shares;

WHEREAS,
as of the date hereof, the Shareholders own shares of Common Stock (the Shareholder Shares), which collectively
represent (i) approximately 24.5% of the total issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Company, and (ii) approximately 24.5% of the
total voting power of the Company; and

WHEREAS,
as a condition to the willingness of each Investor to enter into the Securities Purchase Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated thereby (collectively, the Transaction), the Investors have required that the Shareholders agree, and
in order to induce each Investor to enter into the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Shareholders have agreed, to enter into this Agreement
with respect to all the Shareholder Shares now owned and which may hereafter be acquired by the Shareholders and any other securities
of the Company (the Other Securities, and together with the Shareholder Shares, the Shareholder Securities),
if any, which the Shareholders are currently entitled to vote, or after the date hereof become entitled to vote, at any meeting of the
shareholders of the Company.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

SUPPORT AGREEMENT OF THE SHAREHOLDER

SECTION
1.01. Support Agreement. Subject to the last sentence of this Section 1.01, the Shareholders hereby agree that at any meeting
of the shareholders of the Company, however called, and in any action by written consent of the Companys shareholders, the Shareholders
shall each vote their respective Shareholder Securities, which Shareholders are currently entitled to vote, or after the date hereof
become entitled to vote, at any meeting of the Shareholders of the Company: (a) in favor of the Stockholder Approval (as defined in the
Securities Purchase Agreement), as described in Section 4(bb) of the Securities Purchase Agreement; and (b) against any proposal or any
other corporate action or agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation
or agreement of the Company under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or which could result in
any of the conditions to the Companys obligations under the Transaction Documents not being fulfilled. Each Shareholder acknowledges
receipt and review of a copy of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The obligations of the Shareholders
under this Section 1.01 shall terminate immediately following the occurrence of the Stockholder Approval.

ARTICLE
II

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE SHAREHOLDER

The
Shareholders hereby represent and warrant, severally and not jointly, to the Company and each of the Investors as follows:

SECTION
2.01. Authority Relative to this Agreement. Each Shareholder has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by each Shareholder and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Shareholder, enforceable against
each Shareholder in accordance with its terms, except (a) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to, or affecting generally, the
enforcement of creditors and other obligees rights and (b) where the remedy of specific performance or other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to certain equitable defenses and principles and to the discretion of the court before which the proceeding may
be brought.

SECTION
2.02. No Conflict. (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Shareholder does not, and the performance of this
Agreement by each Shareholder shall not, (i) conflict with or violate any federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation,
order, judgment or decree applicable to such Shareholder or by which the Shareholder Securities owned by each Shareholder are bound or
affected or (ii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation
of a lien or encumbrance on any of the Shareholder Securities owned by each Shareholder pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which any Shareholder is a party or by which
any Shareholder or the Shareholder Securities owned by such Shareholder is bound.

(b)
The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Shareholder does not, and the performance of this Agreement by such Shareholder
shall not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any governmental entity by such
Shareholder, except with respect to filings made pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

SECTION
2.03. Title to the Stock. The Common Stock owned by each Shareholder are all the securities of the Company owned, either of record
or beneficially, by such Shareholder. Such Common Stock or Other Securities are owned free and clear of all Encumbrances (as defined
below), except for the Permitted Encumbrances (as defined below). The Shareholder has not appointed or granted any proxy, which appointment
or grant is still effective, with respect to the Common Stock or Other Securities owned by such Shareholder.

-2-

ARTICLE
III

COVENANTS

SECTION
3.01. No Disposition or Encumbrance of Stock. Each Shareholder hereby covenants and agrees, severally and not jointly, that such
Shareholder shall not offer or agree to sell, transfer, tender, assign, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of, grant a proxy or power of
attorney with respect to, or create or permit to exist any security interest, lien, claim, pledge, option, right of first refusal, agreement,
limitation on the Shareholders voting rights, charge or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever (Encumbrance)
with respect to the Shareholder Securities, directly or indirectly, or initiate, solicit or encourage any person to take actions which
could reasonably be expected to lead to the occurrence of any of the foregoing. For purposes of this Agreement, Permitted Encumbrances
means the certain Support Agreement dated as of December 31, 2024, by and between the Company and the stockholder signatory thereto (the
Existing Support Agreement) with respect to the Warrant Issuance Shareholder Approval (as defined in the Existing
Support Agreement).

SECTION
3.02. Company Cooperation. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that it will not, and each Shareholder irrevocably and unconditionally
acknowledges and agrees that the Company will not (and waives any rights against the Company in relation thereto), recognize any Encumbrance
or agreement (other than this Agreement) on any of the Shareholder Securities subject to this Agreement, except for the Permitted Encumbrances.

ARTICLE
IV

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION
4.01. Further Assurances. Each Shareholder shall execute and deliver such further documents and instruments and take all further
action as may be reasonably necessary in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION
4.02. Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement
was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that any Investor (without being joined by any other Investor) shall be entitled
to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or in equity. Any Investor shall be entitled to its
reasonable attorneys fees in any action brought to enforce this Agreement in which it is the prevailing party.

SECTION
4.03. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and the Shareholders (other than the
Securities Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents) with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Company and the Shareholders with respect to the subject matter hereof.

SECTION
4.04. Directors and Officers. This Agreement shall apply to each Shareholder solely in such Shareholders capacity as a
holder of Common Stock and Other Securities, as the case may be, and not in such Shareholders capacity as a director, officer
or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or in such Shareholders capacity as a trustee or fiduciary of any employee
benefit plan or trust, as applicable (if any). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement
shall (or require any Shareholder to attempt to) limit or restrict a director or officer of the Company in the exercise of his or her
fiduciary duties as a director or officer of the Company or in his or her capacity as a trustee or fiduciary of any employee benefit
plan or trust or prevent or be construed to create any obligation on the part of any director or officer of the Company or any trustee
or fiduciary of any employee benefit plan or trust from taking any action in his or her capacity as such director, officer, trustee or
fiduciary.

-3-

SECTION
4.05. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived except by an instrument in writing
signed by the parties hereto.

SECTION
4.06. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any
rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect
so long as the economic or legal substance of this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable
manner in order that the terms of this Agreement remain as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

SECTION
4.07. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

SECTION
4.08. Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule
(whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than
the State of Nevada. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in
Reno, Nevada, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or under any of the other Transaction Documents
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is
brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. The parties consent to the jurisdiction
and venue of the foregoing courts and consent that any process or notice of motion or other application to any of said courts or a judge
thereof may be served inside or outside the State of Nevada by registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to the party being
served at its address set forth on the signature ages to this Agreement (and service so made shall be deemed complete three (3) days
after the same has been posted as aforesaid) or by personal service or in such other manner as may be permissible under the rules of
said courts. Each of the Company and the Shareholders irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which
it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim
that suit, action, or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY
HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION
4.09. Termination. This Agreement shall automatically terminate immediately following the occurrence of the Stockholder Approval.

[The
remainder of the page is intentionally left blank]

-4-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Shareholders and the Company have duly executed this Voting Agreement as of the date first written above.

THE
COMPANY:

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: /s/
Denis Phares

Name: Denis
Phares

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Address:
12915 Old Virginia Road

Reno,
Nevada 89521

SHAREHOLDERS:

DENIS
PHARES

By: /s/
Denis Phares

Address:
12915 Old Virginia Road

Reno,
Nevada 89521
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

FIFTH
AMENDMENT TO

TERM
LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WAIVER AND AMENDMENT OF WARRANT TERMS

This
FIFTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN, GUARANTEE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made as of February 26,
2025, by and among DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP. (Borrower), DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. (F/K/A CHARDAN NEXTECH ACQUISITION
2 CORP) (Holdings), BATTLE BORN BATTERY PRODUCTS, LLC (Battle Born, and together with Holdings,
each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors), the Lenders signatory hereto (the Required
Lenders), and ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC, as agent on behalf of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined) (in
such capacity, the Agent).

WHEREAS,
Borrower, Holdings, the Required Lenders and the Agent are parties to that certain Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated
as of October 7, 2022 (as amended by that certain Limited Waiver and First Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement,
dated as of June 28, 2024, that certain Limited Waiver, Consent and Second Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement,
dated as of July 29, 2024, that certain Limited Waiver and Third Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement, dated as of
September 30, 2024, that certain Limited Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement and Temporary, Limited
Suspension and Waiver of Warrant Terms, dated as of December 31, 2024, and as may be further amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced,
and/or supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement); and

WHEREAS,
the Credit Parties have requested that the Agent and the Required Lenders amend certain provisions of the Loan Agreement and, subject
to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth below, each of the Agent and the Required Lenders are willing to amend the Loan Agreement
on the terms set forth herein;

WHEREAS,
Holdings has issued or, with respect to the Penny Warrants set forth in subsections (xix) (xxi), shall issue, that certain (i)
Penny Warrant, dated as of October 7, 2022, to BP Holdings XVII LP, (ii) Penny Warrant, dated as of October 7, 2022, to Energy Impact
Credit Fund I LP, (iii) Penny Warrant, dated as of October 7, 2022, to Energy Impact Credit Fund II LP, (iv) Penny Warrant, dated as
of December 29, 2023, to BP Holdings XVII LP, (v) Penny Warrant, dated as of December 29, 2023, to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, (vi)
Penny Warrant, dated as of December 29, 2023, to Energy Impact Credit Fund II LP, (vii) Penny Warrant, dated as of May 13, 2024, to BP
Holdings XVII LP, (viii) Penny Warrant, dated as of May 13, 2024, to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, (ix) Penny Warrant, dated as of
May 13, 2024, to Energy Impact Credit Fund II LP, (x) Penny Warrant, dated as of June 28, 2024, to BP Holdings XVII LP, (xi) Penny Warrant,
dated as of June 28, 2024, to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, (xii) Penny Warrant, dated as of June 28, 2024, to Energy Impact Credit
Fund II LP, (xiii) Penny Warrant, dated as of September 30, 2024, to BP Holdings XVII LP, (xiv) Penny Warrant, dated as of September
30, 2024, to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, (xv) Penny Warrant, dated as of September 30, 2024, to Energy Impact Credit Fund II LP,
(xvi) Penny Warrant, dated as of December 31, 2024, to BP Holdings XVII LP, (xvii) Penny Warrant, dated as of December 31, 2024, to Energy
Impact Credit Fund I LP, (xviii) Penny Warrant, dated as of December 31, 2024, to Energy Impact Credit Fund II LP, (collectively, the
Existing Warrants) (xix) Penny Warrant, to be dated as of February 26, 2025, to BP Holdings XVII LP, (xx) Penny
Warrant, to be dated as of February 26, 2025, to Energy Impact Credit Fund I LP, (xxi) Penny Warrant, to be dated as of February 26,
2025, to Energy Impact Credit Fund II LP, (collectively, the New Warrants), and (xxii) additional Penny Warrants
as a result of the anti-dilution provisions in the Penny Warrants set forth in subsections (i)-(xxi) above (as each may be further amended,
modified, extended, restated, replaced, and/or supplemented from time to time, collectively with the Existing Warrants and the New Warrants,
the Warrants) and the Lenders have agreed to amend and/or waive certain anti-dilution protections in accordance
with the terms set forth in Section 4 below;

NOW
THEREFORE, the Credit Parties, the Required Lenders and the Agent each hereby agrees as follows:

1.
Defined Terms. All terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement.

2.
[Reserved].

3.
Amendments to Loan Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 4
hereof, the Loan Agreement (including Schedules A through F thereto) is hereby amended as of the date hereof by incorporating the
changes shown on the marked copy of the Loan Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (it being understood that language which appears
as struck out or struck
out, as applicable, has been deleted, and language which appears as double-underlined
or double-underlined, as applicable, has been added).
A new Exhibit K to the Loan Agreement (Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement for the Fifth Amendment Equity Issuance and Material Related
Documents) is hereby added to the Loan Agreement in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

4.
Waiver and Amendment of Anti-Dilution Provisions of Warrants.

(a)
Waiver; Amendment. The Lenders hereby agree to (x) waive the effect of the anti-dilution adjustment set forth in Section 4(b)
of the Existing Warrants with respect to the Fifth Amendment Initial Equity Issuance (the Waiver) and (y) amend
Section 4(f) of the Existing Warrants, which requires a notice of adjustment to be delivered promptly after any event triggering an adjustment
pursuant to Section 4(b), to provide that the Company shall issue a notice of adjustment within 5 business days following the end of
each fiscal quarter during which any Existing Warrant is outstanding to reflect all anti-dilution adjustments occurring in the prior
fiscal quarter.

(b)
Subsequent Equity Issuance. For the avoidance of doubt, the Waiver does not apply to any shares of Preferred Stock and/or Common
Stock actually issued (or deemed issued) in connection with the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or exercise of warrants
to acquire Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Fifth Amendment Subsequent Equity Issuance, it being agreed and acknowledged that
the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the amount of $4,500,000 in aggregate stated value and warrants to purchase up
to $40,000,000 of shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the Fifth Amendment Subsequent Equity Issuance shall not trigger an anti-dilution
adjustment unless and until those shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued and/or those warrants are exercised.

(c)
Consideration. As consideration for the Waiver, Holdings shall issue to the Lenders the New Warrants to purchase an aggregate
330,000 shares of Common Stock.

2

(d)
Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Existing Warrants or the New Warrants, the aggregate number of additional
shares that may be issued to the Lenders in connection with anti-dilution adjustments under Section 4(b) of the Warrants with respect
to the Fifth Amendment Subsequent Equity Issuance and any issuances under the ChEF Purchase Agreement by and between Chardan Capital
Markets LLC and Holdings (including any modification, amendment or replacement thereof), shall be capped at an aggregate maximum amount
of 1,400,000 shares of Common Stock underlying Penny Warrants (as adjusted to account for stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends
or other distributions or recapitalizations affecting the Common Stock on or after the Effective Date).

5.
Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above (the Effective
Date) upon the satisfaction of the below:

(a)
counterparts of this Amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Required Lenders;

(b)
Borrower shall have delivered to Agent and the Lenders (i) the Term Sheet for Fifth Amendment Equity Issuance and (ii) the Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement for Fifth Amendment Equity Issuance and the material related documents relating thereto;

(c)
the Borrower shall have paid the legal fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler LLP, counsel for the Required Lenders, incurred in connection
with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and other services rendered in connection with the Loan Agreement
prior to the date hereof;

(d)
to the extent invoiced prior to execution of this Amendment, the Borrower shall have paid the legal fees and expenses of Holland &
Knight LLP, counsel for the Agent, incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment
and other services rendered in connection with the Loan Agreement prior to the date hereof; and

(e)
Holdings shall have received gross cash proceeds from the initial tranche of the Fifth Amendment Equity Issuance in the aggregate amount
of $3,500,000, which proceeds Holdings shall promptly contribute to the Borrower.

(f)
Holdings shall have issued to the Lenders, on or about the date of this Amendment, penny warrants exercisable to purchase 330,000 shares
of Holdings common stock (of which 200,000 shall be issued to BP Holdings XVII LP and 130,000 shall be issued to Energy Impact
Credit Fund I LP and Energy Impact Credit Fund II LP), which penny warrants shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders.
The Lenders hereby agree that

6.
Representations and Warranties.

(a)
The Credit Parties represent and warrant that after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in
the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if such representations and warranties
had been made on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent that any such representations and warranties specifically relate to
an earlier date).

3

(b)
The Credit Parties represent and warrant that after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default will have occurred
and be continuing on and as of the Effective Date.

(c)
Attached hereto as Exhibit B is a true, correct and complete copy of the Term Sheet for the Fifth Amendment Equity Issuance, together
with any amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto as in effect on the date hereof.

(d)
Attached hereto as Exhibit C is a true, correct and complete copy of the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement for the Fifth Amendment
Equity Issuance and the material related documents relating thereto, together with any amendments, modifications and/or supplements thereto
as in effect on the date hereof.

7.
Loan Document. This Amendment is designated a Loan Document by the Agent.

8.
Full Force and Effect. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of
compliance with any term or condition contained in the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Except as expressly amended
hereby, the Loan Agreement shall continue unmodified and in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date
hereof. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as drafted and shall not imply an obligation on the Agent or any Lender to consent
to any matter on any future occasion. As used in the Loan Agreement, the terms Agreement, this Agreement,
this Loan Agreement, herein, hereafter, hereto, hereof and words
of similar import shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires, the Loan Agreement as modified by this Amendment.

9.
CHOICE OF LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK WHICH ARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS
OF LAW THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.

10.
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all
of which when taken together shall constitute but one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including
pdf) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to be as effective as an original signature page delivered
manually.

11.
Headings. The headings of this Amendment are for the purposes of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this
Amendment.

12.
Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns; provided that none of the Credit Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations
under this Amendment without the prior written consent of the Agent.

13.
Severability. The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder
shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument
or agreement required hereunder.

4

14.
Release of Claims. In consideration of the Required Lenders and the Agents agreements contained in this Amendment,
the Borrower and Guarantor hereby irrevocably release and forever discharge the Lenders and the Agent and their affiliates, subsidiaries,
successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants and attorneys (each, a Released Person)
of and from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express
warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which such Borrower and
Guarantor ever had or now has against Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts
or omissions of Agent, any Lender or any other Released Person relating to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document on or prior
to the date hereof.

15.
Reaffirmation. Each of the Credit Parties as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other any other similar capacity
in which such Credit Party grants liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as accommodation party or guarantor,
as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under
each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Credit Party granted liens
on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Loan Document as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Borrowers
Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and liens
and confirms and agrees that such security interests and liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each of the
Credit Parties hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that each of the Loan Documents remains in full force and effect and
is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the
Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations.

16.
Agent. Each of the Required Lenders, by their execution of this Amendment, hereby directs the Agent to execute this Amendment.
In doing so, the Agent shall be entitled to all of its rights, benefits and protections set forth in the Loan Agreement.

[Signature
pages follow]

5

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers, all as of the date
and year first above written.

BORROWER: DRAGONFLY ENERGY CORP.

By: /s/ Denis Phares

Name: Denis Phares

Title: Chief Executive Officer

GUARANTORS : DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. (F/K/A

CHARDAN NEXTECH ACQUISITION 2 CORP.)

By: /s/ Denis Phares 

Name: Denis Phares

Title: Chief Executive Officer

BATTLE BORN BATTERY PRODUCTS, LLC

By: /s/ Denis Phares

Name: Denis Phares

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature
Page to Fifth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement

AGENT: ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC

By: /s/ Pinju Chiu

Name: Pinju Chiu

Title: Associate Counsel

Signature
Page to Fifth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement

LENDERS: ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND I LP

By: Energy Impact Credit Fund I GP LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Harry Giovani

Name: Harry Giovani

Title: Managing Partner

ENERGY IMPACT CREDIT FUND II LP

By: Energy Impact Credit Fund II GP LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Harry Giovani

Name: Harry Giovani

Title: Managing Partner

Signature
Page to Fifth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement

BP HOLDINGS XVII LP

By: BPC AS Cayman LLC, its General Partner

By: BPC AS LLC, its Manager

By: /s/ Allan Schweitzer

Name: Allan Schweitzer

Title: Portfolio Manager

Signature
Page to Fifth Amendment to Term Loan, Guarantee and Security Agreement

Exhibit
A

MARKED
LOAN AGREEMENT

Exhibit
B

TERM
SHEET FOR FIFTH AMENDMENT EQUITY ISSUANCE

Exhibit
C

EXHIBIT
K TO LOAN AGREEMENT 

(PREFERRED
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT FOR THE FIFTH AMENDMENT EQUITY ISSUANCE AND MATERIAL RELATED DOCUMENTS)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Dragonfly
Energy Announces Corporate Debt Restructuring and Capital Raise

Debt
Restructuring with Maturity Extension and Covenant Waiver

Concurrent
$3.5 Million Capital Raise With Second Contingent Tranche of $4.5 Million

Transactions
Significantly Increase Financial Flexibility and Liquidity

RENO,
Nev. (Feb. 27, 2025) Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. (Dragonfly Energy or the Company) (Nasdaq:
DFLI), an industry leader in energy storage and battery technology, today announced the completion of an amendment of its existing debt
facility and a concurrent $3.5 million registered direct offering and private placement of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Preferred Stock) with a single institutional investor, with a second contingent tranche of $4.5 million, subject
to satisfaction of certain events as described below, which the Company believes significantly enhance the companys financial
flexibility and liquidity.

The
Company successfully completed an amendment to its existing debt facility with its senior lenders providing enhanced operational and
financial flexibility. Key terms of the amendment include:

- Waiver
of quarterly liquidity covenant requirements through June 30, 2026

- Extension
of the debt maturity date to October 7, 2027

- Payment-in-Kind
(PIK) interest option for 2025

- Reduction
of the monthly minimum liquidity covenant to $2.5 million through March 31, 2026

In
addition to the debt restructuring, the Company has entered into a definitive agreement for the sale of the Preferred Stock in a registered
direct offering and private placement, raising at the initial closing, $3.5 million in gross proceeds and the automatic right to receive
an additional $4.5 million upon receipt of stockholder approval for the transaction in compliance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock
Market (Nasdaq) and the effectiveness of a resale registration statement to be filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
(the SEC) covering the resale of the shares of the Companys common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock. Additionally, the agreement with the investor includes warrants to purchase additional shares of Preferred Stock in an amount
of up to an additional $40 million, providing the Company with the opportunity to secure additional capital under similar terms. The
transaction is expected to close on February 27, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

We
believe this successful debt restructuring and capital raise significantly strengthen our financial position and will allow us to execute
our strategic initiatives with greater flexibility, said Dr. Denis Phares, Dragonfly Energys chief executive officer. By
securing additional liquidity and extending our debt maturity and receiving relief under our operating covenants, we believe we are reinforcing
our ability to innovate, expand into new markets, and drive sustainable value for our shareholders.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the private placement for working capital and general corporate purposes.

In
the registered direct offering, the Company agreed to sell 180 shares of Preferred Stock at a price of $10,000 per share, initially convertible
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $2.332. Concurrently, in a private placement, the Company agreed to sell an additional
170 shares of Preferred Stock at the same offering price as the registered direct offering, initially convertible into shares of common
stock at a conversion price of $2.332. As part of the private placement, the Company also agreed to sell warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of 4,000 additional shares of Preferred Stock with an exercise price of $10,000 a share. The Preferred Stock is also convertible
at the option of the holder at a discount to the trading price of the Companys common stock, subject to a floor, as set forth
in the transaction documents. The Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC detailing the material terms of the registered
direct and private placement offerings, the applicable transaction agreements, the Preferred Stock, the warrants and the debt facility
amendment.

Chardan
Capital Markets, LLC acted as exclusive placement agent for the offerings.

The
securities described above offered in the concurrent private placement are being offered under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Act), and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying
such securities, have not been registered under the Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, such securities may not be
offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration
requirements of the Act and such applicable state securities laws.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Dragonfly Energy

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: DFLI) is a comprehensive lithium battery technology company, specializing in cell manufacturing, battery
pack assembly, and full system integration. Through its renowned Battle Born Batteries brand, Dragonfly Energy has established itself
as a frontrunner in the lithium battery industry, with hundreds of thousands of reliable battery packs deployed in the field through
top-tier OEMs and a diverse retail customer base. At the forefront of domestic lithium battery cell production, Dragonfly Energys
patented dry electrode manufacturing process can deliver chemistry-agnostic power solutions for a broad spectrum of applications, including
energy storage systems, electric vehicles, and consumer electronics. The Companys overarching mission is the future deployment
of its proprietary, nonflammable, all-solid-state battery cells.

To
learn more about Dragonfly Energy and its commitment to clean energy advancements, visit investors.dragonflyenergy.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical statements of fact and statements regarding the Companys
intent, belief or expectations, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the Companys guidance for 2024, results of
operations and financial position, planned products and services, business strategy and plans, market size and growth opportunities,
competitive position and technological and market trends. Some of these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
words, including may, should, expect, intend, will, estimate,
anticipate, believe, predict, plan, targets, projects,
could, would, continue, forecast or the negatives of these terms or variations
of them or similar expressions.

These
forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors (some of which are beyond the Companys control)
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that
may impact such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the closing of the offerings, the use of proceeds from the
offerings, the ability to successfully achieve the thresholds for the additional funding from the offerings, the impact of the offering
and the conversion and sale of the shares of common stock underlying the preferred stock on the Companys stock price, improved
recovery in the Companys core markets, including the RV market; the Companys ability to successfully increase market penetration
into target markets; the Companys ability to penetrate the heavy-duty trucking and other new markets; the growth of the addressable
markets that the Company intends to target; the Companys ability to retain members of its senior management team and other key
personnel; the Companys ability to maintain relationships with key suppliers including suppliers in China; the Companys
ability to maintain relationships with key customers; the Companys ability to access capital as and when needed under its $150
million ChEF Equity Facility; the Companys ability to protect its patents and other intellectual property; the Companys
ability to successfully utilize its patented dry electrode battery manufacturing process and optimize solid state cells as well as to
produce commercially viable solid state cells in a timely manner or at all, and to scale to mass production; the Companys ability
to timely achieve the anticipated benefits of its licensing arrangement with Stryten Energy LLC; the Companys ability to achieve
the anticipated benefits of its customer arrangements with THOR Industries and THOR Industries affiliated brands (including Keystone
RV Company); the Companys ability to maintain the listing of its common stock and public warrants on the Nasdaq Capital Market;
the Russian/Ukrainian conflict; the Companys ability to generate revenue from future product sales and its ability to achieve
and maintain profitability; and the Companys ability to compete with other manufacturers in the industry and its ability to engage
target customers and successfully convert these customers into meaningful orders in the future. These and other risks and uncertainties
are described more fully in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC and in the Companys
subsequent filings with the SEC available at www.sec.gov.

If
any of these risks materialize or any of the Companys assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from
the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that the Company presently does not know or that
it currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date they were made. Except to the extent required
by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after
the date on which they were made.

Investor
Relations:

Eric
Prouty

Szymon
Serowiecki

AdvisIRy
Partners

DragonflyIR@advisiry.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>dfli-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>dfli-20250226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>dfli-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>dfli-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008445-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001847986 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0001847986 

DFLI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0001847986 

DFLI:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForCommonStockMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001847986 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 
NV 
001-40730 
85-1873463 
12915 Old Virginia Road 
Reno 
NV 
89521 
(775) 
622-3448 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
DFLI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for common stock 
DFLIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 26, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40730

Entity Registrant Name DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001847986

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1873463

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 12915
Old Virginia Road

Entity Address, City or Town Reno

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89521

City Area Code (775)

Local Phone Number 622-3448

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DFLI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable
warrants, exercisable for common stock

Trading Symbol DFLIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DFLI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DFLI_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://dragonflyenergy.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dfli-20250226.xsd 
dfli-20250226_def.xml 
dfli-20250226_lab.xml 
dfli-20250226_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>