<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002113.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002113.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108173006
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002113
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ScanTech AI Systems Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001994624
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				933502562
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42463
		FILM NUMBER:		25519432

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICA, SUITE 5100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8886221218

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICA, SUITE 5100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 8, 2025 (January 2, 2025)

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42463 93-3502562

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of incorporation) Identification Number)

1735 Enterprise Drive

Buford, Georgia 30518

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

+1 (470) 655-0886

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Americas Tower

1177 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 5100

New York, NY 10036

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share STAI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE

Overview

Business Combination

On
September 5, 2023, Mars Acquisition Corp. (Mars), a Cayman Island exempted company, entered into a Business
Combination Agreement (as amended or supplemented, the Business Combination Agreement) with ScanTech AI Systems Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mars (Pubco), Mars Merger Sub I Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mars (Purchaser Merger Sub), Mars Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub), ScanTech Identification Beam Systems,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (ScanTech or the Company), and Dolan Falconer in the
capacity as the representative from and after the Effective Time for the Company Holder Participants as of immediately prior to the Effective
(the Seller Representative). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are hereinafter
referred to collectively as the Business Combination. Any capitalized
terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Business Combination Agreement, as amended
from time to time.

This Current
Report on Form 8-K references and incorporates by reference certain sections in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
solicitation dated as of, and filed by Pubco with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on November 14,
2024, and as amended on December 9, 2024, relating to the Business Combination (File No. 333-280595).

At the extraordinary
general meeting of Mars shareholders held on December 12, 2024 (the Extraordinary General Meeting), Mars shareholders
considered and adopted, among other matters, the Business Combination Agreement and the other proposals related thereto described in the
definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation.

In
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement:

At the closing of the Business Combination, which occurred on January 2, 2025 (Closing),
Purchaser Merger Sub merged with and into Mars, with Mars continuing as the surviving entity (Purchaser Merger),
and, in connection therewith, each ordinary shares of Mars (Ordinary Share) issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive, with respect to each Ordinary Share
that is not redeemed or converted at Closing, one share of common stock of Pubco (Pubco Common Stock). Each share
of Ordinary Shares held by Mars shareholders who validly redeemed their Ordinary Shares was automatically cancelled and ceased to exist
and thereafter represented only the right to be paid a pro-rata redemption price.

At the Closing, each issued and outstanding unit of Mars (Unit)
was automatically separated into (i) one Ordinary Share, which will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holder thereof
to receive one Pubco Common Stock and, (ii) one right (Right) to receive two-tenths (2/10) of one share
of Ordinary Share, which will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive Pubco
Common Stock.

At the Closing, Company Merger Sub will merge with and into ScanTech, with ScanTech continuing as the
surviving entity (Company Merger, and together with the Purchaser Merger, the Mergers), and,
in connection therewith, (i) ScanTech Units issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled in exchange
for the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Pubco Common Stock as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and (ii) any
convertible securities of ScanTech will be terminated.

After ninety days following the Closing or such other period as may be agreed by parties to the Business
Combination Agreement, Public Shareholders who elect not to redeem at the closing will receive two additional shares of Pubco Common Stock.

The merger consideration to be paid to Company
Holder Participants was a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the sum of (i) $140.0
million minus (ii) the amount of Closing Net Debt in excess of $20.0 million, if any, as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement,
as amended, by (b) $9.87, the conversion ratio set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, and rounded down to the nearest whole
share. Upon Closing, holders of ScanTech Units collectively held 14,184,397 shares of Pubco Common Stock.

Additionally,
the Company Holder Participants may receive up to a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to 10% of the fully diluted shares
of Pubco Common Stock outstanding immediately following the Closing (subject to adjustment based on stock splits and similar events) as
Earnout Shares upon the achievement of the following milestones over the Earnout Period:

(1) one-third (1/3) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if Pubco or its subsidiaries receive the TSA APSS 6.2.0 Explosive Standard Certification
at any time during the Earnout Period;

(2) one-third (1/3) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if Pubco or its subsidiaries receives Qualifying Orders for an aggregate of not
less than one hundred (100) Sentinel Scanners over a six (6)-month period at any time during the Earnout Period;

(3) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial
statements set forth in the annual report of Pubco for fiscal year 2024 as filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds Twenty-Five Million
Dollars ($25,000,000);

(4) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the EBITDA of Pubco for fiscal year 2024 is a positive number;

(5) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial
statements set forth in the annual report of Pubco for fiscal year 2025 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds Seventy-Five Million
Dollars ($75,000,000); and

(6) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the EBITDA of Pubco for fiscal year 2025 is equal to or exceeds Twenty
Million Dollars ($20,000,000).

If
any or all of Earnout Shares are not earned and issued pursuant to the above contingencies, any unearned Earnout Shares (up to the maximum
number of Earnout Shares) will be earned in their entirety and issued to the Company Holder Participants if any one of the following
milestones is achieved:

(1) The revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in the annual report of Pubco for fiscal
year 2026 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds One Hundred and Fifty Million Dollars ($150,000,000) and Pubcos EBITDA for
fiscal year 2026 equals or exceeds Sixty Million Dollars ($60,000,000); or

(2) The revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in the annual report of Pubco for fiscal
year 2027 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds Three Hundred Million Dollars ($300,000,000) and Pubcos EBITDA for fiscal year
2027 equals or exceeds One Hundred Twenty Million Dollars ($120,000,000); or

(3) The revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in the annual report of Pubco for fiscal
year 2028 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000) and Pubcos EBITDA for fiscal year
2028 equals or exceeds Two Hundred Million Dollars ($200,000,000).

If there is a Change of Control (as defined in
the Business Combination Agreement) of Pubco during the Earnout Period, the Company Holder Participants have the right to receive all
Earnout Shares not previously earned and issued.

Upon the Closing, Mars and ScanTech each became
wholly owned subsidiaries of Pubco, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and
in accordance with the provisions of applicable law.

The
Mars Units, Ordinary Shares, and Rights under the symbols MARXU, MARX and MARXR, respectively,
previously traded on Nasdaq Capital Market were delisted without any action needed to be taken on the part
of the holders of such securities and are no longer traded following the Closing. On January 3, 2025, one business day after the
Closing, the Pubco Common Stock was listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under trading symbol STAI.

Shares
outstanding as presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 include
14,184,397 shares of Pubco Common Stock issued to Company Holder Participants,
2,026,806 shares of Pubco Common Stock held by Public Shareholder of Mars (reflecting the conversion of Rights and the Redemption as defined
under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K), 2,235,600 shares of Pubco Common Stock held by Mars officers and
directors, the Sponsor and each transferee of Founder Shares, and 276,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock held
by Maxim Group LLC, as the representative of the underwriters in the IPO.

Upon
the Closing and after giving effect to the Transactions (as defined under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) and the Redemption,
the former Company Holder Participants of ScanTech beneficially owned approximately 75.8% of
the outstanding shares of Pubco Common Stock, and the former security holders of Mars beneficially owned approximately 24.2% of the outstanding
shares of Pubco Common Stock.

Pubco received
gross proceeds of approximately $10.27 million in connection with the Business Combination, which included $3.0 million in gross proceeds
raised through the Transaction Financing (as defined below), funds held in Mars trust account of $7.27 million (net of Closing
Redemptions in connection with the Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting), Pubco expects the proceeds from this transaction, combined with
cash on hand, to fund operations into the current fiscal year.

A more detailed
description of the Business Combination and the terms of the Business Combination Agreement is included in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
solicitation. The foregoing description of the Business Combination Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the
full text of the Business Combination Agreement, which is filed as Exhibits 2.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Transaction Financing

Polar Non-Redemption Agreement

On December 30, 2024, Mars and Polar Multi-Strategy
Master Fund (Polar) entered into a non-redemption agreement. Under the agreement, Polar agrees not to redeem 200,000 Ordinary
Shares and to leave $750,000 in the Trust Account as a transaction financing in connection with the Business Combination, which corresponds
to the amount Polar would have received if it had redeemed the shares.

Additionally, Polar agreed to reduce its entitlement
from 1,250,000 subscription shares under the Subscription Agreements dated April 4, 2024, and May 5, 2024, to 312,500 shares
of Pubco Common Stock.

The
foregoing description of the non-redemption agreement agreements does not purport to be complete and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the non-redemption agreement, which
is filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Seaport Promissory Note

On December 31, 2024, Seaport Group SIBS LLC, an affiliate of Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC (Seaport),
and Pubco entered into a senior unsecured promissory note (Seaport Promissory Note), pursuant to which Seaport provided
Pubco with an investment of $1,000,000 as transaction financing in connection with the Business Combination. Seaport will receive 303,951
shares of Pubco Common Stock as repayment of the investment under the Seaport Promissory Note, including any and all accrued interest,
with such shares being issuable and registered at the time of Pubcos filing of a follow-on registration statement immediately following
the consummation of the Business Combination.

The
foregoing description of the Seaport Promissory Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Seaport Promissory Note, which is filed as Exhibit 10.6
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Seaport Credit Faclity

On December 31, 2024, Seaport
SIBS LLC, an affiliate of Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC, entered into a senior secured credit facility with Pubco (the Seaport
Credit Facility) for a maximum of $2,000,000, with the initial advance available 15 days after execution. The principal amount
and accrued interest are due upon demand no later than twelve months from the date of funding. The facility bears Payment-In-Kind (PIK)
interest at 15.0% per annum, calculated on a 360-day year. Secured by the borrowers collateral pool, the facility designates the
holder as a party to the Intercreditor Agreement dated September 24, 2024.

The foregoing description of the Seaport
Credit Facility does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Seaport Credit Facility, which is filed as Exhibit 10.7 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Indemnification Agreements

Upon the Closing,
Pubco entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers. The indemnification agreements require Pubco to
indemnify its directors and officers for certain reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees and retainers, court costs, witness
and expert costs, incurred by a director or officer in any action or proceeding and any appeal to an action or proceeding arising out
of their services as directors or executive officers of Pubco and any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services
at the request of Pubco.

The foregoing
description of the indemnification agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the form of indemnification agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Equity Incentive Plan

At
the Extraordinary General Meeting, Mars Shareholders approved the Equity Incentive Plan of ScanTech AI Systems Inc. (the Equity
Incentive Plan), which became effective upon the Closing.

The
Equity Incentive Plan will be administered by the Pubco Board, the Compensation Committee of the Pubco
Board, or such other similar committee pursuant to the terms of the Equity Incentive Plan. The plan
administrator, which initially will be the compensation committee of the Pubco Board, will have full power to select, from among the individuals
eligible for awards, the individuals to whom awards will be granted, to make any combination of awards to participants, and to determine
the specific terms and conditions of each award, subject to the provisions of the Equity Incentive
Plan. The plan administrator may delegate to one or more officers of Pubco, the authority to grant awards to individuals who are not subject
to the reporting and other provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

The number of Pubco Common Shares
that may be issued under the Equity Incentive Plan is equal to 15% of the aggregate number of Pubco Common Shares issued and outstanding
immediately after the Closing (calculated on a fully-diluted basis).

The foregoing
description of the Equity Incentive Plan is qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Equity Incentive Plan, which
is filed as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition of Disposition
of Assets

The disclosure set forth in
the Introductory Note above is incorporated by reference in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. A more complete
summary of the material provisions of the Business Combination Agreement is included in the proxy statement/prospectus/consent
in the section titled Proposal 1: The Business Combination Proposal The Business Combination Proposal (beginning
on page 120). That summary and the description of the Business Combination Agreement included in this Current Report on Form 8-K
are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Business Combination Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Mars held
the Extraordinary General Meeting held on December 12, 2024. At the Extraordinary General Meeting, Mars shareholders considered and
adopted, among other matters, the Business Combination Agreement, including approval of the Business Combination and other transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and related agreements described in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
solicitation. In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, certain Mars shareholders exercised their right to redeem 1,434,626
Ordinary Shares for cash at a price of $11.15 per share, resulting in an aggregate cash payment of approximately $17.48 million (collectively,
the Closing Redemption), which was made after giving effect to the Non-Redemption Agreement set forth in Exhibit 10.5
hereto, incorporated herein by reference, and paid out of Mars trust account.

In connection with the Closing,
the following transactions (collectively, the Transactions) were completed:

Purchaser Merger Sub merged with and into Mars, with Mars continuing as the surviving entity;

Company Merger Sub will merge with and into ScanTech, with ScanTech continuing as the surviving entity;

Each issued and outstanding Unit was automatically separated into (i) one
Ordinary Share, which will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive one Pubco Common Stock and, (ii) one
Right to receive two-tenths (2/10) of one share of Ordinary Share, which will be cancelled in exchange
for the right of the holder thereof to receive Pubco Common Stock;

2,763,287,168 ScanTech Units held by the Company Holder Participants were cancelled and converted
into 14,184,397 shares of Pubco Common Stock; and

Mars securities previously traded on Nasdaq Capital Market were delisted.

Upon
the Closing and after giving effect to the Transactions (as defined under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) and the Closing
Redemption, the former Company Holder Participants of ScanTech beneficially owned approximately
75.8% of the outstanding shares of Pubco Common Stock, and the former security holders of Mars beneficially owned approximately 24.2%
of the outstanding shares of Pubco Common Stock.

On January 3,
2025, one business day after the Closing, the Pubco Common Stock became listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under trading symbol STAI.

FORM 10 INFORMATION

Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K
states that if a predecessor registrant was a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), as Pubco was immediately before the Business Combination, then the registrant
must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration on Form 10. As
a result of the consummation of the Business Combination, Pubco ceased to be a shell company. Accordingly, Pubco is providing the information
below that would otherwise be included in a Form 10 if it were to file a Form 10. Note that the information provided below relates
to Pubco after the consummation of the Business Combination, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires.

Upon the Closing and after
the consummation of the Business Combination, Pubco became a holding company whose only assets consist of equity interests in ScanTech,
its wholly-owned subsidiary.

Forward-Looking Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K, and some of the information incorporated by reference, contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E
of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), including statements regarding Pubcos management
teams expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects or strategies regarding the future, including possible business
combinations, revenue growth and financial performance, product expansion and services. Any statements contained herein that are not statements
of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Additionally, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or
other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
may, will, could, would, should, expect, intend,
plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project,
potential, continue, ongoing, target, seek or the negative or plural
of these words, or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events or prospects, may identify forward-looking
statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of performance. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date
hereof. Forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K may include, for example, statements about:

the projected financial information, anticipated growth rate, and market opportunities of Pubco;

the ability to maintain the listing of Pubco Common Stock on Nasdaq following the Business Combination;

Pubcos public securities potential liquidity and trading;

Pubcos public securities potential liquidity and trading;

Pubcos ability to raise financing in the future;

Pubcos success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in,
officers, key employees, or directors following the completion of the Business Combination;

potential effects of extensive government regulation;

Pubcos future financial performance and capital requirements;

the impact of supply chain disruptions;

high inflation rates and interest rate increases;

factors relating to the business, operations, and financial performance of
ScanTech AI, including:

the ability to achieve or maintain profitability in the future;

the availability of additional capital to support business growth;

changes in governmental regulations in our key markets;

the ability to obtain key certifications from the TSA and ECAC in a timely manner;

successful manufacturing and commercialization and commercial market
acceptance of the technology

the ability to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among customers and
others within the industry

These
and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements in this Current Report
on Form 8-K and in any document incorporated by reference herein are more fully described in the proxy statement/prospectus/consent
in the section titled Risk Factors (beginning on page 55). Such risk factors are not exhaustive. New risk factors
emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can Pubco assess
the impact of all such risk factors on its business, or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to Pubco
or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary
statements. Pubco undertakes no obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Business

The business of Pubco is described
in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent in the section titled Information about
ScanTech (beginning on page 220), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Risk Factors

The risk factors related to
the business and operations of Pubco are described in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
in the section titled Risk Factors (beginning on page 55), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial Information

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
information

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance
sheet of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and
are incorporated herein by reference.

Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Audited Financial
Statements of ScanTech

The unaudited financial statements
of ScanTech as of September 30, 2024, and the audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31,
2022 (as revised) are set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Audited
Financial Statements of Mars

The unaudited financial statements
of Mars as of June 30, 2024, and the audited financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30,
2022 are set forth in Exhibit 99.4 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

Managements Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Managements discussion
and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of ScanTech as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
and as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 is set forth in Exhibit 99.3 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Managements discussion
and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Mars as of and for the nine months ended June 30, 2024 and the
year ended September 30, 2023 is set forth in Exhibit 99.5 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures
about Market Risk

As a smaller reporting
company, Pubco is not required to provide this information.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of Common Stock following consummation of the Business Combination by:

each person known by Pubco to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination;

each of the named executive officers and directors of Pubco; and

all of the executive officers and directors of Pubco as a group after the consummation of the Business Combination.

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Commission. A person is a beneficial owner of a security if that
person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security, or investment
power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security, or has the right to acquire such powers
within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, Pubco believes that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to the voting securities beneficially owned by them.

The beneficial ownership set
forth below is based on 18,722,803 shares of Pubco Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Closing:

Beneficial Ownership 

Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Shares % of Class 

Directors and Officers 

Dolan Falconer 275,751 1.47 %

Karl Brenza 1,035,000 5.53 %

James Jenkins 51,750 0.28 %

Marion Rocky Starns - - 

Dr. Christopher Green - - 

Michael McGarrity - - 

Bradley Buswell - - 

Keisha Lance Bottoms - - 

Charles McMillen - - 

All directors and officers 1,362,501 7.28 %

5% Holders 

Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC 5,554,792 29.67 %

Directors and Executive Officers

The directors and executive
officers of Pubco after the consummation of the Business Combination are described in the definitive proxy
statement/prospectus/consent in the section titled Management of Pubco Following the Business Combination (beginning
on page 249), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Director Independence

Information with respect to
the independence of the directors of Pubco is set forth in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
the section titled Management of Pubco Following the Business Combination Director Independence (beginning on page 253),
which is incorporated herein by reference.

Committees of the Board of Directors

The Audit
Committee is chaired by Jim Jenkins, with Kiesha Lance Bottoms and Thomas McMillen as members. The Compensation Committee is chaired by
Kiesha Lance Bottoms, with Bradley Buswell and Jim Jenkins serving as members. The Nominating Committee is chaired by Thomas McMillen,
with Bradley Buswell and Michael McGarrity as members.

Executive Compensation

A description of the compensation
of the named executive officers of Pubco is set forth in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
in the section titled Executive Compensation (beginning on page 254), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Employment Arrangements

Pubco will enter into employment
agreements with each of its executive officers, pursuant to which each executive officer will be entitled to cash compensation and other
benefits for each fiscal year, subject to review and determination by the compensation committee. In addition, the executive officers
may also be entitled to participate in the Incentive Plan, as determined by the Pubco Board or its designee, acting as the administrator
of the Incentive Plan. The form of the employment agreement is set forth in Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Director Compensation and Arrangement

Pubco will enter into consulting agreements with
each director, pursuant to which each director and officer will be entitled to receive cash compensation and other benefits for each fiscal
year, subject to review and determination by the compensation committee. Such directors may also be entitled to participate in the Incentive
Plan, as determined by the Pubco Board or its designee, acting as the administrator of the Incentive Plan. The form of the consulting
agreement is set forth in Exhibit 10.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions

Certain relationships and
related party transactions are described in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent in the
section titled Certain Relationships and Related Person Transaction - ScanTech Related Party Transactions (beginning on
page 258), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Reference is also made to
the disclosure regarding the independence of the directors of Pubco in the section of the definitive proxy
statement/prospectus/consent titled Director Independence (beginning on page 253) and the description of the
indemnification agreements under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, both of which are incorporated herein by reference.

Legal Proceedings

Reference is made to the disclosure
regarding legal proceedings in the sections of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent titled
Information about ScanTech - Legal Proceedings (beginning on page 233), which are incorporated herein by reference.

Market Price and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity
and Related Stockholder Matters

Market Information and Holders

The Units, Ordinary Shares,
and Rights of Mars historically traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols MARXU, MARX and MARXR,
respectively, until their delisting on January 2, 2025. On January 3,
2025, the Pubco Common Stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the new trading symbol STAI.

As of and following the Closing
of the Business Combination, Pubco had 18,722,803 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

Dividends

Holders of Pubco Common Stock
will be entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Pubco Board in its discretion out of funds
legally available therefor. Any payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon Pubcos revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial conditions. In no event will any stock dividends or stock splits or combinations of stock
be declared or made on Common Stock unless the shares of Common Stock at the time outstanding are treated equally and identically.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Reference is made to the disclosure
set forth below under Item 3.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K concerning the issuance and sale by Pubco of certain unregistered
securities, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Description of Registrants Securities

The description of the securities
of Pubco is included in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent in the section titled Description
of Securities (beginning on page 263), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

The disclosure set forth in
Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the section titled Indemnification Agreements is incorporated
by reference into this Item 2.01.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information set forth
under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial Statements and Exhibits

The information set forth
under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to
Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing

The Units, Ordinary Shares,
and Rights of Mars historically traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols MARXU, MARX and MARXR,
respectively, until their delisting on January 2, 2025. On January 3,
2025, the Pubco Common Stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the new trading symbol STAI.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note Transaction Financing of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein
by reference.

The shares of Common Stock
issued by Pubco to the Transaction Financing as of the Closing were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

On December 31, 2024, Seaport Global Asset
Management, LLC (Seaport) and Pubco entered into an agreement (Seaport Agreement) whereby Seaport invested
$1,000,000 as transaction financing in connection with the Business Combination. Seaport shall receive 303,951 shares of Pubco Common
Stock and such shares shall be issued promptly on the post-Closing S-1.

The
foregoing description of the Seaport Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions
of the actual agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights
of Security Holders

Reference is made to the disclosure
in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation in the sections titled Proposal 2: The Advisory Charter Proposals
(beginning on page 168), which are incorporated herein by reference, and the disclosure set forth below in Item 5.03 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K under the heading Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or By-laws; Change in Fiscal Year,
which is incorporated herein by reference. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws, which are attached as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated
herein by reference.

In accordance with Rule 12g-3(a) under
the Exchange Act, Pubco is the successor issuer to Mars and has succeeded to the attributes of Mars as the registrant. In addition, the
shares of common stock of Pubco, as the successor to Mars, are deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant

Reference is made to the disclosure
in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation in the section titled Proposal 1: The Business Combination Proposal
(beginning on page 120), which is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth in the section titled Introductory
Note and in the section titled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in Item
2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

The information set forth
in the sections titled Directors and
Executive Officers, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Employment Arrangements in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein
by reference.

Reference is made to the disclosure
in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation titled Management of Pubco Following the Business Combination
(beginning on page 249) for biographical information about each of the directors and officers, which is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth
in the section entitled Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Indemnification Agreement and Equity
Incentive Plan in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or By-laws; Change in Fiscal Year.

At
the Advisory Charter Proposals, Mars shareholder considered and approved the Advisory Charter Proposals, which contain information on
Proposed Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Proposed Bylaws, and is described
in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation in the sections titled Proposal
2: The Advisory Charter Proposal (beginning on page 168). The Proposed Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
which became effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 31, 2024, includes the amendments
proposed by the Advisory Charter Proposals and approved at the Advisory Charter Proposals.

In addition,
on December 31, 2024, pursuant to the approval of the Advisory Charter Proposals, the Pubco Board approved and adopted the Proposed
Bylaws, which became effective as of the Effective Time.

The description of various
provisions of the Proposed Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Proposed Bylaws and their general effect on the rights
of stockholders of Pubco are included in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation under the section titled Proposal
2: The Advisory Charter Proposal (beginning on page 168), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Copies of the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws are filed attached as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2 hereto, respectively,
and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.05. Amendments to the Registrants
Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics

In connection with the Closing,
the Pubco Board approved and adopted a new Code of Ethics applicable to directors, officers and employees (the Code of Ethics).
The foregoing description of the Code of Ethics does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the
Code of Ethics, which is filed as Exhibit 14.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.06. Change in Shell Company Status

Upon the Closing, Pubco ceased
to be a shell company. The material terms of the Business Combination are described in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
solicitation under the section titled Proposal 1: The Business Combination Proposal (beginning on page 120), which
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a) Financial statements of businesses
acquired.

Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Audited Financial
Statements of ScanTech

The unaudited financial statements
of ScanTech as of September 30, 2024, and the audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31,
2022 (as revised) are set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Audited
Financial Statements of Mars

The unaudited financial statements
of Mars as of June 30, 2024, and the audited financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30,
2022 are set forth in Exhibit 99.4 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

(b) Pro Forma financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined balance sheet of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set forth in Exhibit 99.1
hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

(c) Exhibits

Incorporated
by Reference

Exhibit
No. Description Form File
No. Exhibit No. Filing
Date

2.1* Business
Combination Agreement dated as of September 5, 2023, by and among Mars Acquisition Corp., ScanTech AI Systems Inc., Mars Merger Sub
I Corp., Mars Merger Sub II LLC, ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, and Dolan Falconer, as Seller Representative. S-4/A 333-280595 2.1 October
24, 2024 

2.2 Amendment
No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2023, by and among Mars Acquisition Corp., ScanTech AI Systems
Inc., Mars Merger Sub I Corp., Mars Merger Sub II LLC, ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, and Dolan Falconer, as Seller Representative. S-4/A 333-280595 2.2 October
24, 2024 

2.3 Amendment
No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2023, by and among Mars Acquisition Corp., ScanTech AI Systems
Inc., Mars Merger Sub I Corp., Mars Merger Sub II LLC, ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, and Dolan Falconer, as Seller Representative. S-4/A 333-280595 2.3 October
24, 2024 

2.4 Amendment
No. 3 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2023, by and among Mars Acquisition Corp., ScanTech AI Systems
Inc., Mars Merger Sub I Corp., Mars Merger Sub II LLC, ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, and Dolan Falconer, as Seller Representative. S-4/A 333-280595 2.4 October
24, 2024 

2.5 Amendment
No. 4 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2023, by and among Mars Acquisition Corp., ScanTech AI Systems
Inc., Mars Merger Sub I Corp., Mars Merger Sub II LLC, ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, and Dolan Falconer, as Seller Representative. S-4/A 333-280595 2.5 October
24, 2024 

3.1 Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ScanTech AI Systems Inc. S-4/A 333-280595 3.4 October
24, 2024 

3.2 Bylaws
of ScanTech AI Systems Inc. S-4/A 333-280595 3.5 October
24, 2024 

4.1 Specimen
Unit Certificate of Mars Acquisition Corp. S-4/A 333-280595 4.1 October
24, 2024 

4.2 Specimen
Ordinary Share Certificate of Mars Acquisition Corp. S-4/A 333-280595 4.2 October
24, 2024 

4.3 Specimen
Right Certificate of Mars Acquisition Corp. S-4/A 333-280595 4.3 October
24, 2024 

4.4 Form
of Right Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and Mars Acquisition Corp. S-4/A 333-280595 4.4 October
24, 2024 

10.1* Form
of Employment Agreement 

10.2* Form
of Consulting Agreement S-4/A 333-280595 10.8 October
24, 2024 

10.3* Form
of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement S-4/A 333-280595 10.7 October
24, 2024 

10.4** Form
of Equity Incentive Plan of ScanTech AI Systems Inc. S-4/A 333-280595 10.6 October
24, 2024 

10.5* Non-Redemption
Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024. 

10.6 Senior Unsecured Promissory Note, dated as of December 31, 2024, between ScanTech AI Systems Inc. and Seaport Group SIBS LLC. 

10.7 Senior Secured Credit Facility, dated as of December 31, 2024, between ScanTech AI Systems Inc. and Seaport SIBS LLC. 

14.1 Code
of Business Ethics and Conduct. 

21.1 List
of Subsidiaries. 

99.1 Unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information of ScanTech AI Systems Inc. 

99.2 Unaudited
consolidated financial statements of ScanTech as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and audited financial statements
of ScanTech and for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

99.3 ScanTech
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

99.4 Unaudited
consolidated financial statements of Mars as of and for the nine months ended June 30, 2024 and audited financial statements of Mars
and for the year ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 

99.5 Mars
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

* Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Commission upon request.

** Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

By: /s/ Karl Brenza

Name: Karl Brenza 

Title: Director

Date: January 8, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FORM OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement)
is entered into as of _____by and between ScanTech AI Systems Inc. (the Company), a Delaware company, and _____,
an individual (the Executive). The term Company as used herein with respect to all obligations of the
Executive hereunder shall be deemed to include the Company and all of its direct or indirect parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates,
or subsidiaries or affiliates of its parent companies (collectively, the Group). 

RECITALS

A. The Company desires to employ the Executive
and to assure itself of the services of the Executive during the term of Employment (as defined below). 

B. The Executive desires to be employed by
the Company during the term of Employment and under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

AGREEMENT

The parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. POSITION 

The Executive hereby accepts a position of _____ (the
Employment) of the Company.

2. TERM 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the initial term of the Employment shall be_____ years, commencing on _____, 2025 (the Effective Date), until _____
unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Upon expiration of the initial _____ -year term, the Employment
shall be automatically extended for successive one-year terms unless either party gives the other party hereto a
prior written notice to terminate the Employment prior to the expiration of such one-year term or unless terminated
earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

3. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

The Executives duties at the Company will include
all jobs assigned by the Companys Chief Executive Officer. If the Executive is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the
Executives duties will include all jobs assigned by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). 

The Executive shall devote all of his/her working time,
attention and skills to the performance of his/her duties at the Company and shall faithfully and diligently serve the Company in accordance
with this Agreement and the guidelines, policies and procedures of the Company approved from time to time by the Board. 

The Executive shall use his/her best efforts to perform
his/her duties hereunder. The Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Board, become an employee of any entity other
than the Company and any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, and shall not be concerned or interested in the business or entity that
competes with that carried on by the Company (any such business or entity, a Competitor), provided that nothing
in this clause shall preclude the Executive from holding any shares or other securities of any Competitor that is listed on any securities
exchange or recognized securities market anywhere. The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of his/her interest in such shares
or securities in a timely manner and with such details and particulars as the Company may reasonably require. 

4. NO BREACH OF CONTRACT 

The Executive hereby represents to the Company that: (i) the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of the Executives duties hereunder
shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party
or otherwise bound, except for agreements that are required to be entered into by and between the Executive and any member of the Group
pursuant to applicable law of the jurisdiction where the Executive is based, if any; (ii) that the Executive has no information
(including, without limitation, confidential information and trade secrets) relating to any other person or entity which would prevent,
or be violated by, the Executive entering into this Agreement or carrying out his/her duties hereunder; and (iii) that the Executive
is not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other than this) with any other person or entity except for other
member(s) of the Group, as the case may be. 

5. LOCATION 

The Executive will be based in _____ or any other
location as requested by the Company during the term of this Agreement. 

6. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS 

a) Cash Compensation.The Executives cash compensation (inclusive of the statutory welfare reserves that the Company is required to set aside for the Executive under applicable law) shall be provided by the Company pursuant to Schedule A hereto, subject to annual review and adjustment by the Company or the compensation committee of the Board (or the Board itself, before the formation of the compensation committee). 

b) Equity Incentives.To the extent the Company adopts and maintains a share incentive plan, the Executive will be eligible for participating in such plan pursuant to the terms thereof as determined by the Company. 

c) Benefits. The Executive is eligible for participation in any standard employee benefit plan of the Company that currently exists or may be adopted by the Company in the future, including, but not limited to, any retirement plan, and travel/holiday policy. 

7. TERMINATION OF THE AGREEMENT 

a) By the Company. The Company may terminate the Employment for cause, at any time, without advance notice or remuneration, if (i) the Executive is convicted or pleads guilty to a felony or to an act of fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement, (ii) the Executive has been negligent or acted dishonestly to the detriment of the Company, (iii) the Executive has engaged in actions amounting to misconduct or failed to perform his/her duties hereunder and such failure continues after the Executive is afforded a reasonable opportunity to cure such failure, (iv) the Executive has died, or (v) the Executive has a disability which shall mean a physical or mental impairment which, as reasonably determined by the Board, renders the Executive unable to perform the essential functions of his/her employment with the Company, even with reasonable accommodation that does not impose an undue hardship on the Company, for more than 180 days in any 12-month period, unless a longer period is required by applicable law, in which case that longer period would apply. 

In addition, the Company may terminate the Employment without
cause, at any time, upon one-month prior written notice to the Executive. Upon termination without cause, the Company
shall provide the Executive with a severance payment in cash in an amount equal to the Executives 3-month salary at the
then current rate. Under such circumstance, the Executive agrees not to make any further claims for compensation for loss of office, accrued
remuneration, fees, wrongful dismissal or any other claim whatsoever against the Company or its subsidiaries or the respective officers
or employees of any of them.

b) By the Executive.If there is a material and substantial reduction in the Executives existing authority and responsibilities, the Executive may resign upon one-month prior written notice to the Company. In addition, the Executive may resign prior to the expiration of the Agreement if such resignation is approved by the Board or an alternative arrangement with respect to the Employment is agreed to by the Board. 

c) Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executives employment under this Agreement shall be communicated by written notice of termination from the terminating party to the other party. The notice of termination shall indicate the specific provision(s) of this Agreement relied upon in effecting the termination.

8. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NONDISCLOSURE 

a) Confidentiality and Non-disclosure. In the course of the Executives services, the Executive may have access to the Company and/or the Companys customer/suppliers and/or prospective customer/suppliers trade secrets and confidential information, including but not limited to those embodied in memoranda, manuals, letters or other documents, computer disks, tapes or other information storage devices, hardware, or other media or vehicles, pertaining to the Company and/or the Companys customer/suppliers and/or prospective customer/suppliers business. All such trade secrets and confidential information are considered confidential. All materials containing any such trade secret and confidential information are the property of the Company and/or the Companys customer/supplier and/or prospective customer/supplier, and shall be returned to the Company and/or the Companys customer/supplier and/or prospective customer/supplier upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. The Executive shall not directly or indirectly disclose or use any such trade secret or confidential information, except as required in the performance of the Executives duties in connection with the Employment, or pursuant to applicable law.

b) Trade Secrets. During and after the Employment, the Executive shall hold the Trade Secrets in strict confidence; the Executive shall not disclose these Trade Secrets to anyone except other employees of the Company who have a need to know the Trade Secrets in connection with the Companys business. The Executive shall not use the Trade Secrets other than for the benefits of the Company. 

Trade Secrets means information deemed
confidential by the Company, treated by the Company or which the Executive know or ought reasonably to have known to be confidential,
and trade secrets, including without limitation designs, processes, pricing policies, methods, inventions, conceptions, technology, technical
data, financial information, corporate structure and know-how, relating to the business and affairs of the Company
and its subsidiaries, affiliates and business associates, whether embodied in memoranda, manuals, letters or other documents, computer
disks, tapes or other information storage devices, hardware, or other media or vehicles. Trade Secrets do not include information generally
known or released to public domain through no fault of yours. 

c) Former Employer Information. The Executive agrees that he or she has not and will not, during the term of his/her employment, (i) improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity with which the Executive has an agreement or duty to keep in confidence information acquired by Executive, if any, or (ii) bring into the premises of Company any document or confidential or proprietary information belonging to such former employer, person or entity unless consented to in writing by such former employer, person or entity. The Executive will indemnify the Company and hold it harmless from and against all claims, liabilities, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs of suit, arising out of or in connection with any violation of the foregoing. 

d) Third Party Information. The Executive recognizes that the Company may have received, and in the future may receive, from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on the Companys part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. The Executive agrees that the Executive owes the Company and such third parties, during the Executives employment by the Company and thereafter, a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose it to any person or firm and to use it in a manner consistent with, and for the limited purposes permitted by, the Companys agreement with such third party. 

This Section 8 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 8, the Company shall have right to seek remedies permissible
under applicable law.

9. INVENTIONS 

a) Inventions Retained and Licensed. The Executive has attached hereto, as Schedule B, a list describing all inventions, ideas, improvements, designs and discoveries, whether or not patentable and whether or not reduced to practice, original works of authorship and trade secrets made or conceived by or belonging to the Executive (whether made solely by the Executive or jointly with others) that (i) were developed by Executive prior to the Executives employment by the Company (collectively, Prior Inventions), (ii) relate to the Company actual or proposed business, products or research and development, and (iii) are not assigned to the Company hereunder; or, if no such list is attached, the Executive represents that there are no such Prior Inventions. Except to the extent set forth in Schedule B, the Executive hereby acknowledges that, if in the course of his/her service for the Company, the Executive incorporates into a Company product, process or machine a Prior Invention owned by the Executive or in which he has an interest, the Company is hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide right and license (which may be freely transferred by the Company to any other person or entity) to make, have made, modify, use, sell, sublicense and otherwise distribute such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such product, process or machine. 

b) Disclosure and Assignment of Inventions. The Executive understands that the Company engages in research and development and other activities in connection with its business and that, as an essential part of the Employment, the Executive is expected to make new contributions to and create inventions of value for the Company.

From and after the Effective Date, the Executive shall disclose
in confidence to the Company all inventions, improvements, designs, original works of authorship, formulas, processes, compositions of
matter, computer software programs, databases, mask works and trade secrets (collectively, the Inventions), which
the Executive may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice,
during the period of the Executives Employment at the Company. The Executive acknowledges that copyrightable works prepared by
the Executive within the scope of and during the period of the Executives Employment with the Company are works for hire
and that the Company will be considered the author thereof. The Executive agrees that all the Inventions shall be the sole and exclusive
property of the Company and the Executive hereby assign all his/her right, title and interest in and to any and all of the Inventions
to the Company or its successor in interest without further consideration. 

c) Patent and Copyright Registration. The Executive agrees to assist the Company in every proper way to obtain for the Company and enforce patents, copyrights, mask work rights, trade secret rights, and other legal protection for the Inventions. The Executive will execute any documents that the Company may reasonably request for use in obtaining or enforcing such patents, copyrights, mask work rights, trade secrets and other legal protections. The Executives obligations under this paragraph will continue beyond the termination of the Employment with the Company, provided that the Company will reasonably compensate the Executive after such termination for time or expenses actually spent by the Executive at the Companys request on such assistance. The Executive appoints the Secretary of the Company as the Executives attorney-in-fact to execute documents on the Executives behalf for this purpose. 

d) Return of Confidential Material. In the event of the Executives termination of employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever, Executive agrees promptly to surrender and deliver to the Company all records, materials, equipment, drawings, documents and data of any nature pertaining to any confidential information or to his/her employment, and Executive will not retain or take with him or her any tangible materials or electronically stored data, containing or pertaining to any confidential information that Executive may produce, acquire or obtain access to during the course of his/her employment. 

This Section 9 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 9, the Company shall have right to seek remedies permissible
under applicable law. 

10. CONFLICTING EMPLOYMENT. 

The Executive hereby agrees that, during the term of his/her
employment with the Company, he will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity related to
the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of the Executives employment, nor will the
Executive engage in any other activities that conflict with his/her obligations to the Company without the prior written consent of the
Company. 

11. NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION

In consideration of the compensation provided to the Executive
by the Company hereunder, the adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the Executive agree that during the term
of the Employment and for a period of two years following the termination of the Employment for whatever reason: 

a) The Executive will not approach clients, customers or contacts of the Company or other persons or entities introduced to the Executive in the Executives capacity as a representative of the Company for the purposes of doing business with such persons or entities which will harm the business relationship between the Company and such persons and/or entities; 

b) unless expressly consented to by the Company, the Executive will not assume employment with or provide services as a director or otherwise for any Competitor, or engage, whether as principal, partner, licensor or otherwise, in any Competitor; and 

c) unless expressly consented to by the Company, the Executive will not seek directly or indirectly, by the offer of alternative employment or other inducement whatsoever, to solicit the services of any employee of the Company employed as at or after the date of such termination, or in the year preceding such termination. 

The provisions contained in Section 11 are considered
reasonable by the Executive and the Company. In the event that any such provisions should be found to be void under applicable laws but
would be valid if some part thereof was deleted or the period or area of application reduced, such provisions shall apply with such modification
as may be necessary to make them valid and effective. 

This Section 11 shall survive the termination of
this Agreement for any reason. In the event the Executive breaches this Section 11, the Executive acknowledges that there will be
no adequate remedy at law, and the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance, and such
other relief as may be proper (including monetary damages if appropriate). In any event, the Company shall have right to seek all remedies
permissible under applicable law. 

12. WITHHOLDING TAXES 

Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, the
Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise due or payable under or pursuant to
this Agreement such national, provincial, local or any other income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant
to any applicable law or regulation. 

13. ASSIGNMENT 

This Agreement is personal in its nature and neither of
the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder;
provided, however, that (i) the Company may assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder to any member
of the Group without such consent, and (ii) in the event of a merger, consolidation, or transfer or sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the company with or to any other individual(s) or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof,
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants,
duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder. 

14. SEVERABILITY 

If any provision of this Agreement or the application
thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of this Agreement which can be given effect
without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable. 

15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding
between the Executive and the Company regarding the terms of the Employment and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
agreements concerning such subject matter. The Executive acknowledges that he has not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon any
representation, warranty or undertaking which is not set forth in this Agreement. Any amendment to this Agreement must be in writing
and signed by the Executive and the Company. 

16. GOVERNING LAW 

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the law of the State of New York, USA, without regard to the conflicts of law principles. 

17. AMENDMENT 

This Agreement may not be amended, modified or changed
(in whole or in part), except by a formal, definitive written agreement expressly referring to this Agreement, which agreement is executed
by both of the parties hereto. 

18. WAIVER 

Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party
to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any right, remedy, power or
privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such
right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed
by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 

19. NOTICES 

All notices, requests, demands and other communications
required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given and made if (i) delivered
by hand, (ii) otherwise delivered against receipt therefor, (iii) sent by a recognized courier with next-day or second-day delivery to
the last known address of the other party; or (iv) sent by e-mail with confirmation of receipt. 

20. COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together,
shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic copies of such signed counterparts
may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. 

21. NO INTERPRETATION AGAINST DRAFTER 

Each party recognizes that this Agreement is a legally
binding contract and acknowledges that such party has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel of choice. In any construction
of the terms of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party being the drafter of such
terms. 

[Remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed
as of the date first written above. 

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Executive

Signature: 

Name: 

Schedule A 

Cash Compensation 

Schedule B 

List of Prior Inventions
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

NON-REDEMPTION AGREEMENT

This NON-REDEMPTION AGREEMENT,
dated as of December 31, 2024 (this Agreement), is entered into by Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (Shareholder)
and Mars Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands Company (SPAC). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, SPAC has entered
into a Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2023 (as it has been amended from time to time, the Merger Agreement),
with ScanTech AI Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mars (Pubco), Mars Merger
Sub I Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Purchaser Merger Sub), Mars
Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub),
) ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company or ScanTech),
and Dolan Falconer in the capacity as the representative, pursuant to which, among other things, Pubco will become the parent of the Company
and a publicly traded company (the Merger).

WHEREAS, Shareholder owns
200,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), of SPAC (the Ordinary Shares).

WHEREAS, Shareholder previously
entered into two Subscription Agreements dated April 4, 2024 and May 5, 2024 (the Subscription Agreements), between
the Shareholder, the SPAC, Mars Capital Holdings Corporation, a British Virgin Islands business company (Sponsor),
and the Company, pursuant to which the Shareholder wired $1,250,000 to SPAC in consideration for which it was to be repaid $1,250,000
(the Cash Payment) at the closing of the Merger and receive 1,250,000 ordinary shares (the Subscription
Shares) of Pubco at the closing of the Merger.

WHEREAS, Shareholder and PubCo
desire to reduce the amount of Subscription Shares to 312,500 ordinary shares.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

1.Redemption Rights. During the period (such period, the Term) commencing
on the date hereof and ending on the earlier to occur of (a) the closing of the Merger, and (b) such date and time as the Merger Agreement
is terminated in accordance with its terms (the Expiration Time), Shareholder agrees that it will not exercise (or
will rescind the exercise of) its right to redeem all or a portion of the Shares as set forth in the organizational documents of SPAC
in connection with any vote on the Merger (as defined below). 

2.Subscription Agreement. Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, Shareholder agrees
to extend the terms of the Cash Payment to Pubco pursuant to the terms of the promissory note and intercreditor agreement between, among
others, the Shareholder and Pubco (the Credit Agreement) executed concurrently herewith. Concurrently with the closing
of the Merger, the SPAC and the Shareholder agree that the number of Subscription Shares shall be reduced to 312,500, and the Subscription
Shares shall be issued to the Shareholder as consideration for the Shareholder entering into this Agreement and the Credit Agreement.
If Pubco fails to issue the Subscription Shares at the closing of the Merger, it shall be considered an event of default under the Credit
Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that the terms of the Section entitled Registration in each of the Subscription
Agreements remain in full force and effect with respect to the Subscription Shares. The parties agree that, following the Merger, the
parties shall in good faith negotiate to amend the terms of the Credit Agreement such that such amended Credit Agreement will have rights
and protections equivalent to the rights and protections granted to the Credit Agreement Creditors (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement
(as defined in the Credit Agreement)), provided that such amendment shall be entered into no later than January 31, 2025.

3.Operating Agreement. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Shareholder will enter
into the Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of ScanTech Identification Beam
Systems, LLC, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the LLC Agreement). The LLC Agreement shall not be modified
or amended from the form attached hereto without the prior written consent of the Shareholder. The persons on the signature page hereto
hereby agree to comply with the terms of the LLC Agreement, including the issuance of the securities specified in Section 3.01(b) thereof
by ScanTech AI Systems Inc. to the Shareholder within the time specified in the LLC Agreement.

4.Transfer of Shares. During the Term, Shareholder agrees that it shall not, directly
or indirectly, sell, assign, transfer (including by operation of law), allow the creation of a lien, pledge, distribute, dispose of or
otherwise encumber any of the Shares, either voluntarily or involuntarily (collectively, Transfer), or otherwise
agree or offer to do any of the foregoing; provided, that, Transfers by Shareholder are permitted to an affiliate of Shareholder
(a Permitted Transfer) only if, as a precondition to such Transfer, the transferee also agrees in a writing, reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the SPAC, to assume all of the obligations of Shareholder under, and be bound by all of the terms
of, this Agreement. Any Transfer in violation of this Section 3 with respect to the Shares shall be null and void. Nothing in this
Agreement shall prohibit direct or indirect transfers of equity or other interests in a Shareholder.

5.Cash Payment. At the closing of the Merger, the SPAC shall pay the Shareholder, directly
from the SPACs trust account, an amount in cash equal to (i) the amount the Shareholder would have received had it redeemed the
Shares, minus (ii) $750,000 (the Closing Payment). If the SPAC or Pubco fails to make the Closing Payment directly
from the SPACs trust account at the closing of the Merger, such failure shall be considered an event of default under the Credit
Agreement.

6.Covenants of Shareholder. Shareholder hereby agrees to permit SPAC to publish and disclose
Shareholders identity, ownership of the Shares and the nature of Shareholders commitments, arrangements and understandings
under this Agreement, and, if deemed appropriate by SPAC or the Company, a copy of this Agreement, in (i) any Form 8-K filed by SPAC relating
to the transactions contemplated herein, and (ii) any other documents or communications provided by SPAC or the Company to any Governmental
Authority or to securityholders of SPAC, in each case, to the extent required by the federal securities laws or the SEC or any other securities
authorities. The parties to this Agreement shall cooperate with one another to assure that such disclosure is accurate, and SPAC will
provide Shareholder with sufficient time to review and comment any disclosures prior to the dissemination thereof

7.No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement will be deemed to vest in
the SPAC any direct or indirect ownership or incidents of ownership of or with respect to the Shares. All rights, ownership and economic
benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and belong to Shareholder, and the SPAC shall have no authority to manage,
direct, superintend, restrict, regulate, govern or administer any of the policies or operations of Shareholder or exercise any power or
authority to direct Shareholder in the voting of any of the Shares, except as otherwise provided herein with respect to the Shares. 

2

8.Termination. This Agreement and the obligations of Shareholder under this Agreement
shall automatically terminate upon the earliest of: (a) the termination of the Merger Agreement; and (b) the mutual agreement of the Shareholder
and SPAC. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, no party shall have any further obligations or liabilities under this Agreement;
provided, however, such termination or expiration shall not relieve any party from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement
occurring prior to its termination.

9.Indemnification. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that under no event shall the officers,
directors, members or controlling persons of the SPAC, ScanTech or the Company be subject to any claim by or have any personal obligations
or liability to any other party, any affiliate of any other party, or to any third party in connection with this Agreement. The Parties
hereby acknowledge and agree, for the avoidance of doubt, that no Party shall have any right, obligation, or liability whatsoever under
this Agreement in the event of a Termination, or unless and until the Closing has occurred, the Business Combination has been consummated,
and then this Agreement is deemed effective as set forth therein.

10. Trust
Waiver. Reference is made to the final prospectus of SPAC, dated as of February 13, 2023, and filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (File No. 333-265240) on February 14, 2023 (the Prospectus). Holder understands that the SPAC has established
a trust account (the Trust Account ) containing the proceeds of its initial public offering (the IPO ) and
the overallotment securities acquired by its underwriters and from certain private placements occurring simultaneously with the IPO (including
interest accrued from time to time thereon) for the benefit of the SPACs public stockholders (including overallotment shares acquired
by SPACs underwriters), and that, SPAC may disburse monies from the Trust Account only as described in the Prospectus, its organizational
documents or the Investment Management Trust Agreement entered into in connection with the IPO. For and in consideration of the SPAC
entering into this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
Holder hereby agrees on behalf of itself and its affiliates that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither
Holder nor any of its affiliates do now or shall at any time hereafter have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
any monies in the Trust Account or distributions therefrom, or make any claim against the Trust Account (including any distributions
therefrom), regardless of whether such claim arises as a result of, in connection with or relating in any way to, this Term Sheet or
any proposed or actual business relationship between the SPAC or its representatives, on the one hand, and Holder or its representatives,
on the other hand, or any other matter, and regardless of whether such claim arises based on contract, tort, equity or any other theory
of legal liability (collectively, the Released Claims), provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any redemption requested
by the Holder or liquidating distribution from the Trust Account. Holder on behalf of itself and its affiliates hereby irrevocably waives
any Released Claims that Holder or any of its affiliates may have against the Trust Account (including any distributions therefrom) now
or in the future as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account (including any
distributions therefrom) for any reason whatsoever (including for an alleged breach of this Term Sheet or any other agreement with Mars
or its affiliates). Holder agrees and acknowledges that such irrevocable waiver is material to this Term Sheet and specifically relied
upon by Mars and its affiliates to induce Mars to enter in this Agreement, and Holder further intends and understands such waiver to
be valid, binding and enforceable against Holder and each of its affiliates under applicable law. The provisions of this section shall
survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement and continue indefinitely.

11.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial Waiver. This Agreement shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict
of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The parties
hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby. With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, the undersigned irrevocably submit
to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the New York state courts located
in the Borough of Manhattan, State of New York, which submission shall be exclusive. 

3

12.Disclosure; Waiver. As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 9:30 a.m., New
York City time, on the business day after the date of this Agreement (such date and time, the Disclosure Time), SPAC
will issue one or more press releases or file a Current Report on Form 8-K under the Exchange Act reporting the material terms of this
Agreement and any other material, nonpublic information that SPAC, Pubco or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or
representatives has provided to Shareholder at any time prior to the Disclosure Time. SPAC shall make such disclosures to ensure that,
as of the Disclosure Time, Shareholder shall not be in possession of any material nonpublic information received from SPAC, Pubco, or
any of their respective officers, directors, employees or representatives. The parties to this Agreement shall cooperate with one another
to assure that such disclosure is accurate, and SPAC will provide Shareholder with sufficient time to review and comment any disclosures
prior to the dissemination thereof. Shareholder (i) acknowledges that the other parties hereto may possess or have access to material
non-public information which has not been communicated to the Shareholder; (ii) hereby waives any and all claims, whether at law, in equity
or otherwise, that he, she, or it may now have or may hereafter acquire, whether presently known or unknown, against the officers, directors,
employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns of the other parties hereto relating to any failure to disclose any
non-public information in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation, any claims arising
under Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act; and (iii) is aware that the SPAC and Pubco are relying on the truth of the foregoing acknowledgement
and waiver in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

13.Counterpart. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or
portable document format (pdf) transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

14.Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended, changed, supplemented, waived or otherwise
modified or terminated, except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by SPAC, the Company, Pubco and Shareholder.

15.No Third Party Beneficiary. No person shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

Polar
Multi-Strategy Master Fund

by its investment advisor,

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc

By: /s/ Ryan Hickey

Name: Ryan Hickey

Title: Director, Legal

By: /s/ Kirstie Moore

Name: Kirstie Moore

Title: Legal Counsel

Mars Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Karl Brenza

Name: Karl Brenza

Title: CEO and CFO

Acknowledged and Agreed:

SCANTECH AI SYSTEMS INC.

By: /s/ Karl Brenza

Name: Karl Brenza

Title: Chairman and Director

MARS CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORPORATION

By: /s/ Iris Zhao

Name: Iris Zhao

Title: Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

SENIOR UNSECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

December 31, 2024

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
SCANTECH AI SYSTEMS INC, a Delaware corporation (the Company or Pubco), hereby promises to pay to the
order of SEAPORT GROUP SIBS LLC (the Lender) the Principal Amount (as defined below) in the amounts and on the dates
set forth herein, together with interest on the unpaid Principal Amount outstanding from time to time from the date each such amount is
advanced as provided herein, at a rate of fifteen percent (5.0%) per annum, paid quarterly.

WHEREAS, ScanTech Identification Beam
Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (ScanTech), has entered into a Business Combination Agreement, dated
as of September 5, 2023 (as it has been amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement), with Lender,
Mars Merger Sub I Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Purchaser Merger Sub),
Mars Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub),
pursuant to which, among other things, Pubco will become the parent of the Company and a publicly traded company (the Business
Combination).

WHEREAS, in connection with the Business
Combination Lender invested $1,000,000 into the Company (Closing Investment);

WHEREAS, Lender and Company agree to
settle the Closing Investment in shares of Pubco;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.Principal
Amount. As used herein, the term Principal Amount means $1,000,000.00 (One Million Dollars).

2.Maturity
Date. The Principal Amount and all accrued interest under this Facility shall be due and payable upon demand by the Lender one-hundred
and eithty (180) days from the date funds are released to the Company (the Maturity Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the entire unpaid Principal Amount, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall become immediately due and payable upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default (as hereinafter defined).

3.Interest
Rate and Calculation. The note shall accumulate interest in kind at a rate of 15.0% per annum on the outstanding Principal Amount
computed by multiplying the actual number of days in such period by a daily interest rate based on a 360-day year, which such interest
shall be due and payable at the Maturity Date.

4.Settlement
in Shares. The Company agrees, and Lender accepts, repayment of the note, including any and all accrued interest, in the form of
303,951 ordinary shares of the Company (the Shares). The Shares shall be issuable and registered at the time of the Companys
filing of its follow on registration statement immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination.

-1-

5. Security and Seniority. This Facility shall be considered senior unsecured.

6.Events
of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder:

(a) Failure
to Pay. The Company shall fail to pay the outstanding Principal Amount and accrued interest on any date when due hereunder; or

(b) Breaches
of Covenants. The Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained in this
Facility and such failure shall continue for

(10) business days after the Companys receipt
of written notice from the Lender orits representatives of such failure; or

(c) Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certificate,or other statement (financial or otherwise) made or furnished by
or on behalf of the Company to the Lender in writing in connection with this Facility, or as an inducement to the Lender to enter into
this Facility, shall be false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any material respect when made or furnished; or

(d) Voluntary
Bankruptcy or Insolvency Proceedings. The Company or any of its Affiliates (Affiliate shall mean any entity in
which the Company owns at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity) shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, liquidator or custodian for itself, or of all or a substantial part of its assets or property, (2) be unable, or admit in
writing its inability, to pay its debts generally as they mature, (3) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors,
(4) become insolvent (as such term may be defined or interpreted pursuant to any applicable statute), (5) commence a voluntary
case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts pursuant to any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or consent to any such reliefor to the appointment of or taking possession
of its property by any official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or (6) take any action for the purpose
of effecting any of the foregoing; or

(e) Involuntary
Bankruptcy or Insolvency Proceedings. Proceedings for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian of the Company,
any of its Affiliates, or of all or a substantial part of its property, or an involuntary case or other proceedings seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company, any of its affiliates, or the debts thereof pursuant to any bankruptcy, insolvency
or other similar law now or hereafter in effect shall be commenced and an order for relief entered or such proceeding shall not be dismissed
or discharged within thirty (30) days of commencement; or

(f) Other
Defaults. Any default not specified herein shall be specified and governed by the Intercreditor Agreement.

7.Transfer,
Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Facility shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
respective successors and assigns of the parties. The Lender may not assign, pledge, or otherwise transfer this Facility without the
prior written consent of the Company. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Facility may be transferred only upon surrender of the
original Facility for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a duly executed written instrument of transfer.
Interest and principal are payable only to the registered holder of this Facility. Neither this Facility nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder may be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without
the priorwritten consent of Lender.

-2-

8.Expenses.
The Lender is responsible for all cost of its due diligence, legal and other expenses related to the signing and enforcement of this Facility.

9.Indemnity.
The Company agrees to promptly pay, indemnify and hold the Lender harmless from all state and federal taxes of any kind and other liabilities
assessed against the Companywith respect to or resulting from the execution and/or delivery of this Facility.

10.Further
Assurances. The Company shall execute and acknowledge (or cause to be executed and acknowledged) and deliver to the Lender all reasonable
documents, and take all actions, reasonably required by the Lender from time to time to confirm the rights created or now or hereafter
intended to be created under this Facility, to protect and further the validity, priority and enforceability of this Facility, or otherwise
carry out the purposes of this Facility and the transactions contemplated hereunder.

11.Costs
of Collection. The Company agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses of collection incurred by the Lender, in addition to principal
and interest (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) and including all reasonable costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the pursuit by the Lender of any of its rights or remedies referred to in this Facility, whether
or not suit on this Facility is commenced, and all such reasonable costs and expenses shall be payable on demand, together with interest
thereon.

12.Governing
Law/Venue/Jurisdiction/Wavier of Jury Trial. This Facility and the rights and obligations of the Company and the Lender shall be governed
by and interpreted in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without regard to any conflicts of law rule that would require
the application of the law of any other jurisdiction). In any litigation in connection with orto enforce this Facility or any endorsement
or guaranty of this Facility, the Company irrevocably consents to personal jurisdiction on the courts of the State of New York or the
United States located within the State of New York and expressly waive any objections as to venue in any such courts. Nothing contained
herein shall, however, prevent the Lender from bringing any action or exercising any rights within any other state or jurisdiction or
from obtaining personal jurisdiction by any other means available under applicable law. The parties irrevocably and voluntarily agreeto
waive any right to a trial by jury in respect of such claim.

13.Waiver.
The Company hereby expressly and unconditionally waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest or notice of any kind, including,
without limitation, any notice of intention to accelerate and notice of acceleration, except as expressly provided herein, and in connection
with any suit, action or proceeding brought by the Lender on this Facility, any and every right it may have to (a) a trial by jury,
(b) interpose any counterclaim therein (other than a counterclaim that can only be asserted in the suit, action or proceeding brought
by the Lender on this Facility and cannot be maintained in a separate action) and (c) have the same consolidated with any other or
separate suit, action or proceeding.

14.Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Facility shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Facility shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Facility.

15. Counterparts. This
Facility may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different
parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which,
when taken together, shall constitute but one and the
same Facility.

[The remainder of this page is left intentionally
blank.]

-3-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

SCANTECH AI SYSTEMS INC. (COMPANY)

By: /s/ Karl Brenza

Name: Karl Brenza

Title: Chairman and Director

SEAPORT SIBS LLC (LENDER)

By: /s/ Stephen Smith

Name: Stephen Smith

Title: Authorized Signatory

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex10-7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

SENIOR SECURED CREIDT FACILITY

December 31, 2024

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, SCANTECH
AI SYSTEMS INC, a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of SEAPORT SIBS LLC 
(the Lender or PubCo) the Principal Amount (as defined below) in the amounts and on the dates set forth herein,
together with interest on the unpaid Principal Amount outstanding from time to time from the date each such amount is advanced as provided
herein, at a rate of fifteen percent (15.0%) per annum, paid quarterly.

WHEREAS, ScanTech Identification Beam Systems,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (ScanTech), has entered into a Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 5,
2023 (as it has been amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement), with Lender, Mars Merger Sub I Corp.,
a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Purchaser Merger Sub), Mars Merger Sub II LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub), pursuant to which, among
other things, Pubco will become the parent of the Company and a publicly traded company (the Business Combination).

WHEREAS, the Company has
requested, and the Lender has agreed to make available to the Company, a credit facility in the amount of $2,000,000.00 (the Facility);

WHEREAS, the Company has
agreed to enter into this Facility with the Lender and the Lender has agreed to the advance based on the terms and conditions contained
herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Principal
Amount. As used herein, the term Principal Amount means the aggregate amount of all advances made by the Lender
to the Company pursuant to this Facility (each, an Advance), less all repayments on account of principal from time to time
with respect to the Principal Amount, up to the maximum principal amount of $2,000,000.00 (Two Million Dollars). The initial advance of
this Facility is available 15 days from the execution of this agreement. The Company shall record, using a form substantially similar
to Schedule I attached to this Facility, (i) the date and amount of each Advance made by the Lender to the Company, (ii) the
date and amount of each payment on account of principal made by the Company to the Lender, and (iii) the resulting outstanding Principal
Amount. Entries made in good faith by the Company shall be binding and conclusive on the parties absent manifest error.

2. Maturity
Date. The Principal Amount and all accrued interest under this Facility shall be due and payable upon demand by the Lender twelve
months from the date funds are released to the Company (the Maturity Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire
unpaid Principal Amount, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall become immediately due and payable upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default (as hereinafter defined). The Company may redeem the Facility, in whole or in part, at any time during the term of the
Facility, at 115% of the then Principal Amount of the Facility being redeemed including interest prior to the Maturity Date.

3. Interest
Rate and Calculation. The Company shall pay Payment In Kind (PIK) interest at a rate of 15.0% per annum on the outstanding Principal
Amount computed by multiplying the actual number of days in such period by a daily interest rate based on a 360-day year, which such interest
shall be due and payable each quarter.

4. Security
and Seniority. This Facility shall be considered senior secured by the collateral pool of the Borrower and the Holder shall become
a party to the Intercreditor Agreement dated September 24, 2024 (the Intercreditor Agreement).
In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) shall
sign an acknowledgement confirming Holders joinder to the Intercreditor Agreement and Holders senior secured status.

-1-

5. Events
of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder:

(a) Failure
to Pay. The Company shall fail to pay the outstanding Principal Amount and accrued interest on any date when due hereunder; or

(b) Breaches
of Covenants. The Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained in this
Facility and such failure shall continue for (10) business days after the Companys receipt of written notice from the Lender
or its representatives of such failure; or

(c) Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certificate, or other statement (financial or otherwise) made or furnished by
or on behalf of the Company to the Lender in writing in connection with this Facility, or as an inducement to the Lender to enter into
this Facility, shall be false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any material respect when made or furnished; or

(d) Voluntary
Bankruptcy or Insolvency Proceedings. The Company or any of its Affiliates (Affiliate shall mean any entity in
which the Company owns at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity) shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, liquidator or custodian for itself, or of all or a substantial part of its assets or property, (2) be unable, or admit in
writing its inability, to pay its debts generally as they mature, (3) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors,
(4) become insolvent (as such term may be defined or interpreted pursuant to any applicable statute), (5) commence a voluntary
case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts pursuant to any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession
of its property by any official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or (6) take any action for the purpose
of effecting any of the foregoing; or

(e) Involuntary
Bankruptcy or Insolvency Proceedings. Proceedings for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian of the Company,
any of its Affiliates, or of all or a substantial part of its property, or an involuntary case or other proceedings seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company, any of its affiliates, or the debts thereof pursuant to any bankruptcy, insolvency
or other similar law now or hereafter in effect shall be commenced and an order for relief entered or such proceeding shall not be dismissed
or discharged within thirty (30) days of commencement; or

(f) Other
Defaults. Any default not specified herein shall be specified and governed by the Intercreditor Agreement.

6. Transfer,
Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Facility shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective
successors and assigns of the parties. The Lender may not assign, pledge, or otherwise transfer this Facility without the prior written
consent of the Company. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Facility may be transferred only upon surrender of the original Facility
for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a duly executed written instrument of transfer. Interest and principal
are payable only to the registered holder of this Facility. Neither this Facility nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder
may be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior written consent of Lender.

7. Expenses.
The Lender is responsible for all cost of its due diligence, legal and other expenses related to the signing and enforcement of this Facility.

8. Termination.
In the event there has been no Advances made to the Company, the Facility may be terminated by written mutual agreement from the Company
and the Lender without penalty

9. Indemnity.
The Company agrees to promptly pay, indemnify and hold the Lender harmless from all state and federal taxes of any kind and other liabilities
assessed against the Company with respect to or resulting from the execution and/or delivery of this Facility.

-2-

10. Further
Assurances. The Company shall execute and acknowledge (or cause to be executed and acknowledged) and deliver to the Lender all reasonable
documents, and take all actions, reasonably required by the Lender from time to time to confirm the rights created or now or hereafter
intended to be created under this Facility, to protect and further the validity, priority and enforceability of this Facility, or otherwise
carry out the purposes of this Facility and the transactions contemplated hereunder.

11. Costs
of Collection. The Company agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses of collection incurred by the Lender, in addition to principal
and interest (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) and including all reasonable costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the pursuit by the Lender of any of its rights or remedies referred to in this Facility, whether
or not suit on this Facility is commenced, and all such reasonable costs and expenses shall be payable on demand, together with interest
thereon.

12. Governing
Law/Venue/Jurisdiction/Wavier of Jury Trial. This Facility and the rights and obligations of the Company and the Lender shall be governed
by and interpreted in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without regard to any conflicts of law rule that would require
the application of the law of any other jurisdiction). In any litigation in connection with or to enforce this Facility or any endorsement
or guaranty of this Facility, the Company irrevocably consents to personal jurisdiction on the courts of the State of New York or the
United States located within the State of New York and expressly waive any objections as to venue in any such courts. Nothing contained
herein shall, however, prevent the Lender from bringing any action or exercising any rights within any other state or jurisdiction or
from obtaining personal jurisdiction by any other means available under applicable law. The parties irrevocably and voluntarily agree
to waive any right to a trial by jury in respect of such claim.

13. Waiver.
The Company hereby expressly and unconditionally waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest or notice of any kind, including,
without limitation, any notice of intention to accelerate and notice of acceleration, except as expressly provided herein, and in connection
with any suit, action or proceeding brought by the Lender on this Facility, any and every right it may have to (a) a trial by jury,
(b) interpose any counterclaim therein (other than a counterclaim that can only be asserted in the suit, action or proceeding brought
by the Lender on this Facility and cannot be maintained in a separate action) and (c) have the same consolidated with any other or
separate suit, action or proceeding.

14. Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Facility shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Facility shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Facility.

15. Counterparts.
This Facility may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together,
shall constitute but one and the same Facility.

[The remainder of this page is left intentionally
blank.]

-3-

SCANTECH AI SYSTEMS INC. (COMPANY)

By: /s/ Karl Brenza

Name: Karl Brenza

Title: Chairman and Director

SEAPORT SIBS LLC (LENDER)

By: /s/ Stephen Smith

Name: Stephen Smith

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex14-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 14.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 14.1

ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

I. PURPOSE

This Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the Code) contains general guidelines for conducting the business of ScanTech AI Systems Inc., Delaware
corporation, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company), and is intended to qualify as a code
of ethics within the meaning of Section 406(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder. To the extent
this Code requires a higher standard than required by commercial practice or applicable laws, rules or regulations, we adhere to these
higher standards.

This Code is designed to deter
wrongdoing and to promote:

honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;

full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and in other public communications made by the Company;

compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;

prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code; and

accountability for adherence to the Code.

II. APPLICABILITY

This Code applies to all directors,
officers and employees of the Company, whether they work for the Company on a full-time, part-time, consultative or temporary basis (each,
an employee and collectively, the employees). Certain provisions of the Code apply specifically
to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, senior finance officer and any other persons who perform similar functions for
the Company (each, a senior officer, and collectively, the senior officers).

The Board of Directors of
the Company (the Board) has appointed the Companys Chief Financial Officer as the Compliance Officer for the
Company (the Compliance Officer). If you have any questions regarding the Code or would like to report any violation
of the Code, please contact the Compliance Officer.

This Code has been adopted
by the Board. The Board and the Compliance Officer, as well as any duly appointed committee charged with enforcing this Code, shall be
entitled to enforce this Code to the full extent permitted by law.

III. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

Identifying Conflicts of Interest

A conflict of interest occurs
when an employees private interest interferes, or appears to interfere, in any way with the interests of the Company as a whole.
An employee should actively avoid any private interest that may impact such employees ability to act in the interests of the Company
or that may make it difficult to perform the employees work objectively and effectively. In general, the following should be considered
conflicts of interest:

Competing Business. No employee may be employed by a business that competes with the Company or deprives it of any business.

Corporate Opportunity. No employee should use corporate property, information or his/her position with the Company to secure a business opportunity that would otherwise be available to the Company. If an employee discovers a business opportunity that is in the Companys line of business through the use of the Companys property, information or position, the employee must first present the business opportunity to the Company and obtain approval from the Companys Audit Committee before pursuing the opportunity in his/her individual capacity.

Financial Interests

i. No employee may have any financial interest (ownership or otherwise), either directly or indirectly through a spouse or other family member, in any other business or entity if such interest adversely affects the employees performance of duties or responsibilities to the Company, or requires the employee to devote time to it during such employees working hours at the Company; provided, however that an officer or director may devote time to such other interest during working hours so long as it does not interfere with his/her ability to carry out his/her duties at the Company;

ii. No employee may hold any ownership interest in a privately held company that is in competition with the Company;

iii. An employee may hold up to 5% ownership interest in a publicly traded company that is in competition with the Company; provided that if the employees ownership interest in such publicly traded company increases to more than 5%, the employee must immediately report such ownership to the Compliance Officer;

iv. No employee may hold any ownership interest in a company that has a business relationship with the Company if such employees duties at the Company include managing or supervising the Companys business relations with that company; and

v. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Code,

(a) a director or any immediate family member of such director (collectively, Director Affiliates) or a senior officer or any immediate family member of such senior officer (collectively, Officer Affiliates) may continue to hold his/her investment or other financial interest in a business or entity (an Interested Business) that:

(1) was made or obtained either (x) before the Company invested in or otherwise became interested in such business or entity; or (y) before the director or senior officer joined the Company (for the avoidance of doubt, regardless of whether the Company had or had not already invested in or otherwise become interested in such business or entity at the time the director or senior officer joined the Company); or

(2) may in the future be made or obtained by the director or senior officer, provided that at the time such investment or other financial interest is made or obtained, the Company has not yet invested in or otherwise become interested in such business or entity;

provided that such director or senior
officer shall disclose such investment or other financial interest to the Board;

(b) an interested director or senior officer shall refrain from participating in any discussion among senior officers of the Company relating to an Interested Business and shall not be involved in any proposed transaction between the Company and an Interested Business; and

(c) before any Director Affiliate or Officer Affiliate (i) invests, or otherwise acquires any equity or other financial interest, in a business or entity that is in competition with the Company; or (ii) enters into any transaction with the Company, the related director or senior officer shall obtain prior approval from the Audit Committee of the Board.

For purposes of this Code, a company
or entity is deemed to be in competition with the Company if it competes with the Companys business of providing
corporate business training services, corporate consulting services, advisory and transaction services, and/or any other business in which
the Company is engaged.

Loans or Other Financial Transactions. No employee may obtain loans or guarantees of personal obligations from, or enter into any other personal financial transaction with, any company that is a material customer, supplier or competitor of the Company. This guideline does not prohibit arms-length transactions with recognized banks or other financial institutions.

Service on Boards and Committees. No employee shall serve on a board of directors or trustees or on a committee of any entity (whether profit or not-for-profit) whose interests could reasonably be expected to conflict with those of the Company. Employees must obtain prior approval from the Board or the Companys Audit Committee, as required by the rules of Nasdaq, before accepting any such board or committee position. The Company may revisit its approval of any such position at any time to determine whether an employees service in such position is still appropriate.

The above is in no way a complete
list of situations where conflicts of interest may arise. The following questions might serve as a useful guide in assessing a potential
conflict of interest situation not specifically addressed above:

Is the action to be taken legal?

Is it honest and fair?

Is it in the best interests of the Company?

Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest

The Company requires that
employees fully disclose any situations that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. If an employee suspects
that he/she has a conflict of interest, or a situation that others could reasonably perceive as a conflict of interest, the employee must
report it immediately to the Compliance Officer. Conflicts of interest may only be waived by the Board, the appropriate committee of the
Board and in some cases, as in accordance with Nasdaq rules, only by the Companys Audit Committee, and will be promptly disclosed
to the public to the extent required by law and applicable rules of Nasdaq.

Family Members and Work

The actions of family members
outside the workplace may also give rise to conflicts of interest because they may influence an employees objectivity in making
decisions on behalf of the Company. If a member of an employees family is interested in doing business with the Company, the criteria
as to whether to enter into or continue the business relationship and the terms and conditions of the relationship must be no less favorable
to the Company compared with those that would apply to an unrelated party seeking to do business with the Company under similar circumstances.

Employees should report any
situation involving family members that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to their supervisor or the
Compliance Officer. For purposes of this Code, family members or members of employees family include
an employees spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, brothers and sisters-in-law,
and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares such employees home.

IV. GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT

The giving and receiving of
appropriate gifts may be considered common business practice. Appropriate business gifts and entertainment are welcome courtesies designed
to build relationships and understanding among business connections. However, gifts and entertainment should never compromise, or appear
to compromise, an employees ability to make objective and fair business decisions.

It is the responsibility of
employees to use good judgment in this area. As a general rule, employees may give or receive gifts or entertainment to or from customers
or suppliers only if the gift or entertainment is in compliance with applicable law, insignificant in amount and not given in consideration
or expectation of any action by the recipient. All gifts and entertainment expenses made on behalf of the Company must be properly accounted
for on expense reports.

We encourage employees to
submit gifts received to the Company. While it is not mandatory to submit small gifts, gifts of over USD 100 must be submitted immediately
to the Compliance Officer.

Bribes and kickbacks are criminal
acts, strictly prohibited by law. An employee must not offer, give, solicit or receive any form of bribe or kickback anywhere in the world.

V. FCPA COMPLIANCE

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act (FCPA) prohibits giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or foreign
political candidates in order to obtain or retain business. A violation of FCPA does not only violate the Companys policy but also
constitute a civil or criminal offense under FCPA which the Company is subject to after the Effective Time. No employee shall give or
authorize directly or indirectly any illegal payments to government officials of any country. While the FCPA does, in certain limited
circumstances, allow nominal facilitating payments to be made, any such payment must be discussed with and approved by an
employees supervisor in advance before it can be made.

VI. PROTECTION AND USE OF COMPANY ASSETS

Employees should protect the
Companys assets and ensure their efficient use for legitimate business purposes only. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct
impact on the Companys profitability. Any use of the funds or assets of the Company, whether for personal gain or not, for any
unlawful or improper purpose is strictly prohibited.

To ensure the protection and
proper use of the Companys assets, each employee should:

Exercise reasonable care to prevent theft, damage or misuse of Company property;

Promptly report any actual or suspected theft, damage or misuse of Company property;

Safeguard all electronic programs, data, communications and written materials from unauthorized access; and

Use Company property only for legitimate business purposes.

Except as approved in advance
by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, the Company prohibits political contributions (directly or through
trade associations) by any employee on behalf of the Company. Prohibited political contributions include:

any contributions of the Companys funds or other assets for political purposes;

encouraging individual employees to make any such contribution; and

reimbursing an employee for any political contribution.

VII. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CONFIDENTIALITY

Employees should abide by
the Companys rules and policies in protecting the intellectual property and confidential information, including the following:

All inventions, creative works, computer software, and technical or trade secrets developed by an employee in the course of performing the employees duties or primarily through the use of the Companys assets or resources while working at the Company shall be the property of the Company.

Employees should maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company or entities with which the Company has business relations, except when disclosure is authorized or legally mandated. Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to the Company or its business associates, if disclosed.

The Company maintains a strict confidentiality policy. During an employees term of employment with the Company, the employee shall comply with any and all written or unwritten rules and policies concerning confidentiality and shall fulfill the duties and responsibilities concerning confidentiality applicable to the employee.

In addition to fulfilling the responsibilities associated with his/her position in the Company, an employee shall not, without obtaining prior approval from the Company, disclose, announce or publish trade secrets or other confidential business information of the Company, nor shall an employee use such confidential information outside the course of his/her duties to the Company.

Even outside the work environment, an employee must maintain vigilance and refrain from disclosing important information regarding the Company or its business, business associates or employees.

An employees duty of confidentiality with respect to the confidential information of the Company survives the termination of such employees employment with the Company for any reason until such time as the Company discloses such information publicly or the information otherwise becomes available in the public sphere through no fault of the employee.

Upon termination of employment, or at such time as the Company requests, an employee must return to the Company all of its property without exception, including all forms of medium containing confidential information, and may not retain duplicate materials.

VIII. ACCURACY OF FINANCIAL REPORTS AND OTHER
PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS

The Company is required to
report its financial results and other material information about its business to the public and the SEC. It is the Companys policy
to promptly disclose accurate and complete information regarding its business, financial condition and results of operations. Employees
must strictly comply with all applicable standards, laws, regulations and policies for accounting and financial reporting of transactions,
estimates and forecasts. Inaccurate, incomplete or untimely reporting will not be tolerated and can severely damage the Company and result
in legal liability.

Employees should be on guard
for, and promptly report, any possibility of inaccurate or incomplete financial reporting. Particular attention should be paid to:

Financial results that seem inconsistent with the performance of the underlying business;

Transactions that do not seem to have an obvious business purpose; and

Requests to circumvent ordinary review and approval procedures.

The Companys senior
financial officers and other employees working in the finance department have a special responsibility to ensure that all of the Companys
financial disclosures are full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable. Any practice or situation that might undermine this objective
should be reported to the Compliance Officer.

Employees are prohibited from
directly or indirectly taking any action to coerce, manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence the Companys independent auditors
for the purpose of rendering the financial statements of the Company materially misleading. Prohibited actions include but are not limited
to:

issuing or reissuing a report on the Companys financial statements that is not warranted in the circumstances (due to material violations of U.S. GAAP, generally accepted auditing standards or other professional or regulatory standards);

not performing audit, review or other procedures required by generally accepted auditing standards or other professional standards;

not withdrawing an issued report when withdrawal is warranted under the circumstances; or

not communicating matters required to be communicated to the Companys Audit Committee.

IX. COMPANY RECORDS

Accurate and reliable records
are crucial to the Companys business and form the basis of its earnings statements, financial reports and other disclosures to
the public. The Companys records are a source of essential data that guides business decision-making and strategic planning. Company
records include, but are not limited to, booking information, payroll, timecards, travel and expense reports, e-mails, accounting and
financial data, measurement and performance records, electronic data files and all other records maintained in the ordinary course of
business.

All Company records must be
complete, accurate and reliable in all material respects. There is never an acceptable reason to make false or misleading entries. Undisclosed
or unrecorded funds, payments or receipts are strictly prohibited. An employee is responsible for understanding and complying with the
Companys recordkeeping policy. An employee should contact the Compliance Officer if he/she has any questions regarding the recordkeeping
policy.

X. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

Each employee has an obligation
to comply with the laws of the cities, provinces, regions and countries in which the Company operates. This includes, without limitation,
laws covering commercial bribery and kickbacks, patent, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, information privacy, insider trading,
offering or receiving gratuities, employment harassment, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, false or misleading
financial information, misuse of corporate assets and foreign currency exchange activities. Employees are expected to understand and comply
with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to their positions at the Company. If any doubt exists about whether a course of action
is lawful, the employee should seek advice immediately from the Compliance Officer.

XI. DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT

The Company is firmly committed
to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment based on race,
ethnicity, religion, gender, age, national origin or any other protected class. For further information, employees should consult the
Compliance Officer.

XII. FAIR DEALING

Each employee should endeavor
to deal fairly with the Companys customers, suppliers, competitors and employees. None should take unfair advantage of anyone through
manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair-dealing practice.

XIII. HEALTH AND SAFETY

The Company strives to provide
employees with a safe and healthy work environment. Each employee has responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for
other employees by following environmental, safety and health rules and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment,
practices or conditions. Violence or threats of violence are not permitted.

Each employee is expected
to perform his/her duty to the Company in a safe manner, not under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs or other controlled substances.
The use of illegal drugs or other controlled substances in the workplace is prohibited.

XIV. VIOLATIONS OF THE CODE

All employees have a duty
to report any known or suspected violation of this Code, including any violation of laws, rules, regulations or policies that apply to
the Company. Reporting a known or suspected violation of this Code by others will not be considered an act of disloyalty, but an action
to safeguard the reputation and integrity of the Company and its employees.

If an employee knows of or
suspects a violation of this Code, it is such employees responsibility to immediately report the violation to the Compliance Officer,
who will work with the employee to investigate his/her concern. All questions and reports of known or suspected violations of this Code
will be treated with sensitivity and discretion. The Compliance Officer and the Company will protect the employees confidentiality
to the extent possible, consistent with the law and the Companys need to investigate the employees concern.

It is the Companys
policy that any employee who violates this Code will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, including termination of employment,
based upon the facts and circumstances of each particular situation. An employees conduct, if it does not comply with the law or
with this Code, can result in serious consequences for both the employee and the Company.

The Company strictly prohibits
retaliation against an employee who, in good faith, seeks help or reports known or suspected violations. An employee inflicting reprisal
or retaliation against another employee for reporting a known or suspected violation will be subject to disciplinary action, including
termination of employment.

XV. WAIVERS OF THE CODE

Waivers of this Code will
be granted on a case-by-case basis and only in extraordinary circumstances. Waivers of this Code may be made only by the Board, or the
appropriate committee of the Board, and may be promptly disclosed to the public if so required by applicable laws and regulations and
rules of the Nasdaq. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any waiver of this Code for a senior officer or a director may only be granted by
the Board and must be publicly disclosed in accordance with the applicable rules of the Nasdaq.

XVI. CONCLUSION

This Code contains general
guidelines for conducting the business of the Company consistent with the highest standards of business ethics. If employees have any
questions about these guidelines, they should contact the Compliance Officer. We expect all employees to adhere to these standards. Each
employee is separately responsible for his/her actions. Conduct that violates the law or this Code cannot be justified by claiming that
it was ordered by a supervisor or someone in higher management positions. If an employee engages in conduct prohibited by the law or this
Code, such employee will be deemed to have acted outside the scope of his/her employment. Such conduct will subject the employee to disciplinary
action, including termination of employment.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex21-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 21.1

SUBSIDIAIRES OF SCANTECH AI SYSTEMS INC.

Subsidiaries Place of Incorporation Incorporation Time Percentage

Ownership 

ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC Delaware May 13, 2011 100 %

Mars Acquisition Corp. Cayman Islands April 23, 2021 100 %
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Defined
terms included below shall have the same meaning as terms defined and included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation.

Introduction

We
are providing the following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information to aid you in your analysis of the financial
aspects of the Business Combination. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us, our,
Mars, and the Company refers to Mars Acquisition Corp. following the Closing Date, and references to ScanTech
refer to ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC and its subsidiaries at or prior to the Closing Date.

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X. The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information presents the pro forma effects of the Business Combination and the pre-listing financing
described herein (collectively, the Transactions).

The Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements

The
following unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 assumes that the Transactions occurred on
September 30, 2024. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the nine months ending September 30,
2024 assumes that the Transactions had been completed on October 1, 2022. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
operations for the year ending September 30, 2023 assumes that the Transactions had been completed on October 1, 2022.

Management
has made estimates and assumptions in its determination of the pro forma transaction accounting adjustments. As the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial information has been prepared based on these preliminary estimates, the final amounts recorded may differ
materially from the information presented. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not give effect to any
anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies, tax savings or cost savings that may be associated with the Transactions.

The
unaudited pro forma transaction accounting adjustments reflecting the completion of the Transactions are based on certain currently available
information and certain assumptions and methodologies that Mars believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The unaudited pro forma
transaction accounting adjustments, which are described in the accompanying notes, may be revised as additional information becomes available
and is evaluated. Therefore, it is likely that the actual adjustments will differ from the unaudited pro forma transaction accounting
adjustments, and it is possible the difference may be material. Mars believes that its assumptions and methodologies provide a reasonable
basis for presenting all of the significant effects of the Transactions based on information available to management at this time and
that the unaudited pro forma transaction accounting adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions and are properly applied
in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not necessarily reflect what ScanTechs financial condition or results
of operations would have been had the Transactions occurred on the dates indicated. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information also may not be useful in predicting the future financial condition and results of operations of the post-combination company.
The actual financial position and results of operations may differ significantly from the pro forma amounts reflected herein due to a
variety of factors.

Mars
and ScanTech have different fiscal year ends. Mars is September 30 and ScanTech is December 31. The historical financial information
of Mars was derived from:

(i) the
unaudited financial statements of Mars as of and for the nine months ended June 30,
2024 included in Marss Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14,
2024, which is included in the proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation, and

1

(ii) the
audited financial statements of Mars as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023
included in Marss Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 28,
2023, which is included in the proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation.

The
historical financial information of ScanTech was derived from:

(i) the
unaudited condensed financial statements of ScanTech as of and for the nine months ending
September 30, 2024, incorporated in the Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2025
by reference, and

(ii) the
audited condensed financial statements of ScanTech as of and for the year ending December 31,
2023, incorporated in the Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2025 by reference.

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is qualified in its entirety by reference to, and should be read together
with ScanTechs and Marss audited financial statements and related notes, which is incorporated in the Form 8-K filed
on January 8, 2025 by reference..

Description
of the Business Combination

On
September 5, 2023, Mars Acquisition Corp. (Mars), a Cayman Island exempted company, entered into a Business
Combination Agreement (as amended or supplemented, the Business Combination Agreement) with ScanTech AI Systems
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mars (Pubco), Mars Merger Sub I Corp., a Cayman Islands
exempted company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mars (Purchaser Merger Sub), Mars Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub), ScanTech Identification Beam
Systems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (ScanTech or the Company), and Dolan Falconer
in the capacity as the representative from and after the Effective Time for the Company Holder Participants as of immediately prior to
the Effective (the Seller Representative). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are
hereinafter referred to collectively as the Business Combination. Any capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Business Combination Agreement, as amended from time to time.

In
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement:

At the closing of
the Business Combination, which occurred on January 2, 2025 (Closing),
Purchaser Merger Sub merged with and into Mars, with Mars continuing as the surviving entity
(Purchaser Merger), and, in connection therewith, each ordinary shares
of Mars (Ordinary Share) issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive,
with respect to each Ordinary Share that is not redeemed or converted at Closing, one share
of common stock of Pubco (Pubco Common Stock), and two additional shares
of Pubco Common Stock that will be issued to Public Shareholders who elect not to redeem
at the Redemption that will be issued, after 90 days following the Closing or such other
period as may be agreed by parties to the Business Combination Agreement. Each share of Ordinary
Shares held by Mars shareholders who validly redeemed their Ordinary Shares was automatically
cancelled and ceased to exist and thereafter represented only the right to be paid a pro-rata redemption
price.

At the Closing, each
issued and outstanding unit of Mars (Unit) was automatically separated
into (i) one Ordinary Share, which will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the
holder thereof to receive one Pubco Common Stock and, (ii) one right (Right)
to receive two-tenths (2/10) of one share of Ordinary Share, which will be cancelled in exchange
for the right of the holder thereof to receive Pubco Common Stock.

At the Closing, Company
Merger Sub will merge with and into ScanTech, with ScanTech continuing as the surviving entity
(Company Merger, and together with the Purchaser Merger, the Mergers),
and, in connection therewith, (i) ScanTech Units issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holders thereof
to receive shares of Pubco Common Stock as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement
and (ii) any convertible securities of ScanTech will be terminated.

2

The merger consideration
to be paid to Company Holder Participants will be a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (a) the sum of (i) $140.0 million minus (ii) the amount of Closing Net Debt in excess of $20.0 million, if
any, as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, as amended, by (b) $9.87, the conversion ratio set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement, and rounded down to the nearest whole share. Upon Closing, holders of ScanTech Units are expected to
collectively hold 14,184,397 shares of Pubco Common Stock.

Additionally,
the Company Holder Participants may receive up to a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to 10% of the fully diluted shares of
Pubco Common Stock outstanding immediately following the Closing (subject to adjustment based on stock splits and similar events) as
Earnout Shares upon the achievement of the following milestones over the Earnout Period:

(1) one-third (1/3) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if Pubco or
its subsidiaries receive the TSA APSS 6.2.0 Explosive Standard Certification at any time
during the Earnout Period;

(2) one-third (1/3) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if Pubco or
its subsidiaries receives Qualifying Orders for an aggregate of not less than one hundred
(100) Sentinel Scanners over a six (6)-month period at any time during the Earnout Period;

(3) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the revenue
of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in the annual
report of Pubco for fiscal year 2024 as filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds Twenty-Five
Million Dollars ($25,000,000);

(4) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the EBITDA
of Pubco for fiscal year 2024 is a positive number;

(5) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the revenue
of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in the annual
report of Pubco for fiscal year 2025 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds Seventy-Five
Million Dollars ($75,000,000); and

(6) one-twelfth (1/12) of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the EBITDA
of Pubco for fiscal year 2025 is equal to or exceeds Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000).

If
any or all of Earnout Shares are not earned and issued pursuant to the above contingencies, any unearned Earnout Shares (up to the maximum
number of Earnout Shares) will be earned in their entirety and issued to the Company Holder Participants if any one of the following
milestones is achieved:

(1) The
revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in
the annual report of Pubco for fiscal year 2026 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds
One Hundred and Fifty Million Dollars ($150,000,000) and Pubcos EBITDA for fiscal
year 2026 equals or exceeds Sixty Million Dollars ($60,000,000); or

(2) The
revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in
the annual report of Pubco for fiscal year 2027 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds
Three Hundred Million Dollars ($300,000,000) and Pubcos EBITDA for fiscal year 2027
equals or exceeds One Hundred Twenty Million Dollars ($120,000,000); or

3

(3) The
revenue of Pubco as reported in the audited consolidated financial statements set forth in
the annual report of Pubco for fiscal year 2028 filed with the SEC is equal to or exceeds
Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000) and Pubcos EBITDA for fiscal year 2028
equals or exceeds Two Hundred Million Dollars ($200,000,000).

If there
is a Change of Control (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) of Pubco during the Earnout Period, the Company Holder Participants
have the right to receive all Earnout Shares not previously earned and issued.

Transaction Financing

Polar Non-Redemption Agreement

On December 30, 2024,
Mars and Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (Polar) entered into a non-redemption agreement. Under the agreement, Polar agrees
not to redeem 200,000 Ordinary Shares and to leave $750,000 in the Trust Account as a transaction financing in connection with the Business
Combination, which corresponds to the amount Polar would have received if it had redeemed the shares.

Seaport Promissory Note

On December 31, 2024, Seaport
Group SIBS LLC, an affiliate of Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC (Seaport), and Pubco entered into a senior unsecured
promissory note (Seaport Promissory Note), pursuant to which Seaport provided Pubco with an investment of $1,000,000 as
transaction financing in connection with the Business Combination. Seaport will receive 303,951 shares of Pubco Common Stock as repayment
of the investment under the Seaport Promissory Note, including any and all accrued interest, with such shares being issuable and registered
at the time of Pubcos filing of a follow-on registration statement immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination.

Seaport Credit Faclity

On December 31, 2024, Seaport SIBS LLC, an affiliate
of Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC, entered into a senior secured credit facility with Pubco (the Seaport Credit Facility)
for up to $2,000,000, with the initial advance available 15 days after execution. The principal amount and accrued interest are due upon
demand no later than twelve months from the date of funding. The facility bears Payment-In-Kind (PIK) interest at 15.0% per annum, calculated
on a 360-day year. Secured by the borrowers collateral pool, the facility designates the holder as a party to the Intercreditor
Agreement dated September 24, 2024.

4

The following table shows the basic and diluted
outstanding shares of Pubco after giving effect to the Business Combination and post-closing dilution:

Pro Forma Outstanding Pubco

Common Stock 

Basic Actual Redemptions 

Former ScanTech members (1) 14,184,397 

Public Investors (2)(3)(4)(5) 3,683,094 

Insiders (6)(4) 6,550,400 

Maxim (4) 828,000 

Shares repurchased by RiverNorth pursuant to the Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement (6) 400,000 

Shares issued to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund pursuant to Subscription Agreement (7) 312,500 

Shares issued to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund pursuant to Special unit issuance from ScanTech (8) 1,187,500 

Shares issued to Roth Capital Partners for transaction advisory services 100,000 

Earnout shares 1,872,280 

Shares issued pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan 2,808,420 

Shares issued to Seaport (9)(12)(13)(14) 2,552,481 

Extension Waiver (11) 200,000 

Shares issued to Aegus (10) 304,380 

Total basic shares 34,134,369 

(1) Number of Pubco Common Stock were calculated based on the valuation of $140,000,000 and using a share price of $9.87 based on the fair value ascribed to Mars issued representative shares.

(2) Includes the 362,676 Pubco Common Stock to be issued to Public Shareholders in connection with the Non-Redemption Agreements.

(3) Inclusing (i) the maximum redemption scenario assumes the redemption of all Public Shares outstanding, and the 1,380,000 Mars ordinary shares shown outstanding in such scenario are those issued upon conversion of Public Rights and (ii) 646,806 remaining Public Shares, both of which are converted into Pubco Common Stock at Closing.

(4) Includes the two additional shares of Pubco Common Stock for each Ordinary Share not redeemed upon Closing, pursuant to Amendment No. 4 to the Business Combination Agreement.

(5) Represents the 400,000 shares purchased and not redeemed by RiverNorth pursuant to the Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement.

(6) Including (i) 2,116,000 Ordinary Shares, (ii) 78,200 Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Rights, both of which are converted into Pubco Common Stock at Closing, and (iii) 41,400 Pubco Common Stock issued in connection with the the promissory notes for working capital loans.

(7) Pursuant to a non redemption agreement dated December 31, 2024 between Polar Multi-Strategy Fund, Mars and Pubco, Polar agreed to among other things reduce the number of shares issuable under the Subscription Agreement to 312,500.

(8) Pursuant to SIBS Seventh Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, Polar Multi-Strategy Fund was issued a special membership interest exchangeable for 1,187,500 ordinary shares of Pubco following the consummation of the business combination.

(9) Includes 1,149,230 Pubco Common Stock to be issued to Seaport Group SIBS LLC following the Closing, in connection with the Promissory Bridge Note dated March 27, 2024.

5

(10) Includes
234,380 Pubco Common Stock to be issued to Aegus Corp. following the Closing, in connection
with the Promissory Bridge Note dated May 7, 2024, and 70,000 shares of Pubco common
stock pursuant to an Acknowledgement Agreement dated December 31, 2024 between Aegus,
Pubco and SIBS.

(11) Shares issued pursuant
to waiver agreements with certain former creditors of SIBS in exchange for an extension of
time to consummate the business combination beyond December 31, 2024. ScanTech, Mars and Pubco continue to negotiate waivers with several
creditors that have expressed an interest in such waiver. The negotiated settlements are expected to largely mirror those completed
as of this filing. There is no guarantee any further extension agreements will be reached.

(12) Includes 303,951 shares
pursuant to an agreement between Pubco and Seaport whereby in exchange for Seaport investing
$1,000,000 at the Closing, Pubco was to issue Seaport such shares upon the follow on registration
statement.

(13) Includes 1,000,000
shares issuable to Seaport upon the exercise of a $10.00 option to acquire 1,000,000 shares
of Pubco common stock pursuant to a November 2024 financing agreement between Pubco,
Seaport and SIBS

The foregoing table does not
account for any issuance of Earnout Shares to holders of ScanTech membership units at the Closing. It also assumes no positive adjustment
for the number of shares of Pubco Common Stock issued at the Closing based on Pubcos achievement of certain milestones.

The foregoing table assumes no
positive adjustment for the number of shares of Pubco Common Stock issued to ScanTech members at the Closing as a result of ScanTechs
Closing Net Debt and do not reflect the impact of any other equity or equity-linked issuances on the beneficial ownership levels of Pubco,
which may be material to relative ownership and voting percentages that non-redeeming Public Shareholders own and hold in Pubco and which
may include, but not be limited to:

the
issuance, if any, in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, to
ScanTech members of any Earnout Shares;

the
vesting and settlement or exercise of equity or equity-linked securities issued or granted
pursuant to the Incentive Plan (a summary of which is set forth in the Proposal 5
The Equity Incentive Plan Proposal section of this proxy statement/prospectus),
assuming approval thereof by Mars Stockholders at the Mars Special Meeting and contingent
upon the Closing, in connection with which shares of Pubco Common Stock representing 15%
of the total number of shares of Pubco Common Stock issued and outstanding as of immediately
following the Closing are expected to be reserved and available for issuance for each fiscal
year until and including January 1, 2033.

The aforementioned equity issuances
are not the only sources of potential dilution to the relative ownership and associated voting percentage associated with Pubco shares
held by non-redeeming Public Shareholders after the Closing; any additional equity and equity-linked issuances by Pubco may result in
additional dilution to Public Shareholders percentage ownership in Pubco, potentially significantly, which, in turn, may limit
or decrease Public Shareholders voting power and ability to influence decision-making with regard to Pubco and may have other
effects, as described above and as further described in the Risk Factors section of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Should one or more of the assumptions
prove incorrect, actual ownership percentages (and associated percentage voting power) may vary, potentially materially, from those described
in this proxy statement/prospectus as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected or intended.

Accounting for the Business Combination

Notwithstanding the legal form
of the Business Combination pursuant to the Business Combination agreement, the Business Combination will be accounted for as a recapitalization
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, Mars will be treated as the acquiree for financial reporting
purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination will be treated as the equivalent of ScanTech issuing shares
in the Business Combination for the net assets of Mars, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Mars will be stated at historical
cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded.

6

ScanTech has been determined
to be the accounting acquirer based on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances:

ScanTechs
existing members will have the greatest voting interest in the combined entity under all
redemption scenarios;

ScanTechs
senior management will be the senior management of the combined entity following the consummation
of the Business Combination; and

ScanTechs
operations prior to the acquisition will compromise the only ongoing operations of the combined
entity.

The business combination is not
within the scope of ASC 805 (Business Combinations) because Mars does not meet the definition of a business in accordance
with ASC 805. As such, it will be accounted for as a recapitalization with any difference between the fair value of ScanTech membership
units issued and the fair value of Marss identifiable net assets should be recorded as additional paid-in capital.

Accounting Policies and Reclassifications

The Prepaid Forward Purchase
Agreement was signed on September 4, 2023. The agreement was evaluated under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Under
ASC 480, it was determined that the prepaid forward purchase agreement was a liability, as Pubco is required to remit cash to RiverNorth
upon closing of the Business Combination based on the number of shares purchased by RiverNorth in the open market. Mars utilizes a Monte
Carlo simulation model to value the forward purchase agreement at inception and at each reporting period. Inherent in the model are assumptions
related to share price on valuation date, volatilities, expected life, risk-free rate and probability of business combination. Based
on this valuation, the fair value of the forward purchase liability was $293,000 as of September 30, 2024. At each reporting period,
Mars will re-evaluate the forward purchase liability, and any changes in fair value will be recognized in the statement of operations.

The Business Combination Agreement
was signed on September 5, 2023, but the Earnout Shares were reflected in the pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as if the
agreement was effective as of September 30, 2024. The agreement was evaluated under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity,
and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Under ASC 480, it was determined that as of September 30, 2024, the shares issued pursuant
to the Earnout Agreement should be classified as a liability, as the shares to be issued pursuant to the Earnout Agreement are not indexed
to Pubcos own stock. Therefore, a pro forma adjustment will be made to reflect the liability as of September 30, 2024 using
a probability-weighted analysis for each of the milestones set forth in the Earnout Agreement.

The Business Combination Agreement
states that Mars and ScanTech agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause Pubco or ScanTech, as applicable, to agree upon definitive
terms relating to the Specified Indebtedness. ScanTech has secured agreements or is in the final stages of discussions to secure signed
agreements, from holders of promissory indebtedness that converts such indebtedness to common shares of Pubco upon the closing of the
Business Combination. ScanTech evaluated its debt agreements, as well as the agreements to convert its indebtedness to shares of Pubco,
and determined these transactions qualify as troubled debt restructurings under ASC 470-60, Debt Troubled Debt Restructurings
by Debtors. ScanTech has experienced financial difficulties, and concessions have been received from certain creditors, including
NACS and Azure. Under ASC 470-60, gains from debtors who are also equity holders of ScanTech will be classified as additional capital
contributions. All other gains and losses related to the extinguishment of these debt agreements will be recognized on the pro forma
statements of operations.

Based on managements initial
analysis of the accounting policies of ScanTech and Mars, there were no other significant differences identified that would have an impact
on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information or that would require adjustments to the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statements. Currently, management is performing a comprehensive review of the accounting policies of ScanTech and Mars. As a
result of the comprehensive review, management may identify differences between the accounting policies of these entities, which, when
conformed, could have a material impact on the financial statements of the post-combination company.

The following unaudited pro forma
condensed combined balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
for the nine months ended of September 30, 2024 are based on the historical financial statements of ScanTech and Mars. The unaudited
pro forma transaction accounting adjustments are based on information currently available, and assumptions and estimates underlying the
unaudited pro forma transaction accounting adjustments are described in the accompanying notes. Actual results may differ materially
from the assumptions used to present the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

7

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

ACTUAL 

REDEMPTIONS 

ScanTech

Identification

Beam

Systems,

LLC Mars 

Acquisition 

Corp. Transaction

Accounting

Adjustments Pro Forma 

Condensed

Combined 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 181,432 $ 206,762 $ 7,273,513 A $ 2,247,354 

(6,963,155 ) D 

1,000,010 M 

548,792 X 

Prepaid expenses 206,632 57,792 264,424 

Investments held in trust account 22,836,871 (22,836,871 ) A 

R&D tax credit receivable 194,535 194,535 

Inventory 1,020,100 1,020,100 

Other current assets 142,346 142,136 

Total current assets 1,745,045 23,101,425 (20,977,711 ) 3,868,759 

Noncurrent assets: 

Other long term assets 36,333 36,333 

Property and equipment, net 58,761 58,761 

Total noncurrent assets 95,094 95,094 

Total assets $ 1,840,139 $ 23,101,425 $ (20,977,711 ) $ 3,963,853 

Liabilities and stockholders deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 3,950,652 $ $ $ 3,950,652 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 9,384,736 146,477 (9,231,070 ) G 300,143 

Accrued compensation 1,669,546 1,669,546 

Accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest 6,148,068 6,148,068 

Interest payable 16,426,277 (16,341,423 ) G 

Interest payable to related parties 37,850,832 (37,765,978 ) G 84,854 

Dividend payable 414,467 (414,467 ) G 

Deferred revenue 932,066 932,066 

Derivative liabilities 2,027,773 (2,027,773 ) G 9,870,000 

9,870,000 M 

Warrant liabilities 52,955,510 (52,955,510 ) G 

Payable to related parties 1,512,855 (1,289,255 ) G 223,600 

Forward Purchase Agreement liability 293,000 (293,000 ) L 

Earnout liability 2,247,000 F 2,247,000 

Share issuance liability 22,783,227 Z 22,783,227 

Short-term debt from related parties, net 6,117,809 G 7,481,959 

557,150 X 

1,000,000 M 

Short-term debt, net 26,300,469 (26,300,809 ) G 

Short-term debt from related parties, net 22,346,055 452,088 (22,346,055 ) G 

(452,088 ) I 

Total current liabilities $ 181,919,306 $ 891,565 $ (117,088,256 ) $ 55,852,615 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Long-term debt from related party, net 17,296,909 G 17,296,909 

Total noncurrent liabilities 17,296,909 17,296,909 

Total liabilities 181,919,306 891,565 (109,822,847 ) 72,988,024 

8

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

ACTUAL

REDEMPTIONS 

ScanTech Identification Beam Systems,
LLC Mars Acquisition Corp. Transaction Accounting Adjustments Pro Forma Condensed Combined 

Temporary equity 

Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption, 2,081,432 shares at redemption value of $10.97
per share 22,836,871 (22,836,871 ) B 

Series A units
subject to possible redemption, 9,965,000 units at a redemption value of $2.79 per
share 28,323,419 (28,323,429 ) H 

Stockholders equity/(deficit) 

Ordinary
shares, $0.000125 par value; 800,000,000 shares authorized; 2,392,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 299 2,751 

150 B 

1,773 C 

5 I 

156 J 

654 K 

13 N 

Additional paid-in capital (15,536,358 ) A 174,732,680 

22,836,721 B 

(1,773 ) C 

(6,963,155 ) D 

(627,310 ) E 

(2,247,000 ) F 

174,149,830 G 

10,000,000 H 

452,083 I 

14,062,344 J 

(654 ) K 

293,000 L 

(22,783,227 ) Z 

1,124,987 N 

Accumulated deficit (208,402,586 ) (627,310 ) 627,310 E (243,759,709 )

(28,614,694 ) G 

18,323,419 H 

(14,062,500 ) J 

(9,869,990 ) M 

(8,358 ) X 

(1,125,000 ) N 

Total stockholders equity/(deficit) (208,402,586 ) (627,011 ) 140,005,426 (69,024,171 )

Total liabilities and stockholders equity/ (deficit) $ 1,840,139 $ 23,101,425 $ (20,977,711 ) $ 3,963,853 

9

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024

For
the nine

months ended

September 30, 2024 For
the nine

months ended

June 30, 2024 ACTUAL
REDEMPTIONS 

ScanTech

Identification

Beam Systems,

LLC Mars

Acquisition

Corp. Transaction

Accounting

Adjustments Pro
Forma

Condensed

Combined 

Revenue $ 522,166 $ $ $ 522,166 

Less: Cost of goods sold (448,095 ) (448,095 )

Gross profit 74,071 74,071 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative
expenses $ 3,863,403 $ 538,440 $ 11,153,987 V $ 15,555,830 

Research and development
expenses 2,604,500 2,604,500 

Depreciation and amortization 24,376 24,376 

Total operating expenses 6,492,279 538,440 11,948,886 18,184,706 

Other income (expense): 

Investment income on Trust Account 1,865,297 (1,865,297 ) O 

Interest expense (9,106,317 ) 9,106,317 T (1,175,899 )

(1,167,541 ) U 

(8,358 ) X 

Change in fair value
of derivative liabilities (1,104,939 ) 1,104,939 S 

Change in fair value
of warrant liabilities (30,931,345 ) 30,931,345 S 

Fair
value adjustment for Forward Purchase Agreement liability (293,000 ) (293,000 )

Fair value adjustment for convertible note (107,165 ) (107,165 )

Other income (expense),
net (16,176 ) (16,176 )

Total other income (expense) (47,576,985 ) 1,465,132 38,101,405 (19,702,875 )

Net income (loss) $ (47,576,985 ) $ 926,692 $ 26,947,418 $ (19,702,875 )

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 18,722,803 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 34,134,369 

Net income per share, basic $ (0.7291 )

Net income per share, diluted $ (0.50 )

10

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023

For the year

ended 

December 31, 2023 For the year

ended

September 30, 2023 ACTUAL REDEMPTIONS 

ScanTech

Identification

Beam Systems,

LLC Mars

Acquisition

Corp. Transaction

Accounting

Adjustments Pro Forma

Condensed

Combined 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses $ 6,283,770 $ 521,582 $ 13,597,118 V $ 22,737,200 V 

Research and development expenses 3,238,925 3,238,925 

Depreciation and amortization 36,634 36,634 

Total operating expenses 9,559,329 521,582 15,931,848 26,012,759 

Other income (expense): 

Investment income on Trust Account 2,207,820 (2,207,820 ) O 

Interest expense (10,251,094 ) 10,251,094 T (2,179,955 ) 

(2,179,955 ) U 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 649,244 (649,244 ) S 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (16,371,612 ) 16,371,612 S 

Other income (expense), net (90,967,813 ) P (105,030,157 ) 

(14,062,344 ) R 

Total other income (expense) (25,973,462 ) 2,207,820 (82,821,237 ) (107,210,111 ) 

Non-recurring income: 

Gains from extinguishment of temporary equity 14,651,442 Q 14,651,442 

Net income (loss) $ (35,532,791 ) $ 1,686,238 $ (68,326,654 ) $ (116,236,698 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 18,722,803 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 34,134,369 

Net income per share, basic $ (6.04 ) 

Net income per share, diluted $ (3.32 ) 

11

Adjustments
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared to illustrate the effect of the Business Combination and
related transactions and has been prepared for informational purposes only.

The
following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation
S-X as amended by the final rule, Release No. 33-10786 Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses.
Release No. 33-10786 replaces the existing pro forma adjustment criteria with simplified requirements to depict the accounting for
the transaction (Transaction Accounting Adjustments) and present the reasonably estimable synergies and other transaction
effects that have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur (Managements Adjustments). Only Transaction Accounting
Adjustments, and not Managements Adjustments, are presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
Mars and ScanTech have not had any historical relationship prior to the Business Combination. Accordingly, no pro forma adjustments were
required to eliminate activities between the companies.

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations includes $538,440 and $521,582 of expenses incurred by Mars for the
nine months ended June 30, 2024 and for the year ended September 30, 2023, respectively, as well as $1,865,297 and
$2,207,820 of interest earned in Marss Trust Account for the nine months ended June 30, 2024 and for the year ended
September 30, 2023, respectively. These items are directly related to the Business Combination and are not expected to
recur.

The
unaudited pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements
of operations are based upon the number of shares outstanding, assuming the Business Combination occurred on October 1,
2022.

The
unaudited pro forma transaction accounting adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of June 30,
2024, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the nine months ending June 30, 2024 and for the
year ending September 30, 2023, are as follows:

Adjustments
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet

A. Represents the
reclassification of cash and investments held in the Trust Account that become available
at the closing of Business Combination, net of cash paid for 1,500,000 shares purchased by
RiverNorth pursuant to the Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement, cash paid for redemptions
pursuant to the special meeting on January 30, 2024, and any cash paid for redemptions.
Redemption and forward purchase share amounts are calculated by multiplying the number of
shares redeemed by the redemption price of $10.97 per share.

B. Represents the
reclassification of the redeemable portion of the Public Shares to permanent equity, net
of any redemptions under both scenarios.

C. Represents the
close out of the equity of ScanTech, which becomes part of additional paid-in capital.

D. Represents estimated
transaction costs of $6,963,155 incurred in aggregate by Mars and ScanTech, which include
shares issued to Polar pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, as well as shares issued
to Seaport pursuant to the Promissory Note issued on January 24, 2024. Any costs that
have not been paid with the Companys cash on hand will be recorded as accounts payable
upon closing of the Business Combination. Mars and ScanTech have agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to enter into financing agreements to obtain cash to pay the estimated
transaction costs. However, no such transaction financing has been obtained as of the date
of this prospectus.

E. Represents the
elimination of Marss historical accumulated deficit at the time of the common control
reverse acquisition.

F. Represents the
liability for the Earnout Shares to be issued upon achievement of each milestone set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Management
utilized a probability-weighted analysis for each milestone to calculate the liability. As of September 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023, the fair value of the liability for the Earnout Shares under the no redemption scenario was $1,872,280.

12

G. Represents the
extinguishment of ScanTech debt and related conversion to equity pursuant to Section 6.28
of the Business Combination agreement, which states, The Parties agree to use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause Pubco or the Company, as applicable, prior to the filing of the Registration Statement, to agree upon definitive
terms relating to the Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 6.28 (the Specified Indebtedness), which Specified Indebtedness
shall become effective as of and be contingent upon the Closing. ScanTech has secured agreements or is in the final stages of
discussions to secure signed agreements, from holders of promissory indebtedness that converts such indebtedness to common shares of
PubCo upon the closing of the Business Combination.

In addition, ScanTech has
secured agreements with holders of warrants and other derivatives for the cancellation of such derivatives upon the closing of the
Business Combination. See adjustment P to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the effect to net
income. Any shares issued as part of this debt extinguishment are included in the 14,184,397 shares issued to ScanTech members. No
additional shares will be issued as a result of this debt conversion. See below for a breakdown of the liabilities to be
extinguished.

As of this
filing, although ScanTech has secured agreements from creditors to exchange indebtedness into shares of Pubco, those agreements do not
specify the number of shares to be delivered to creditors. As of this filing, ScanTech has also secured agreements with those holders
of warrants and other derivatives to cancel such warrants and derivatives.

Other Fair Value Long-term 

Derivative Warrant Short-term Total Shares of Shares Debt to be 

Liabilities Liabilities Liabilities Liabilities Issued(1) Issued(2) Issued 

NACS(3) $ $ $ 48,587,078 $ 48,587,078 745,444 $ 8,386,245 $ 

Taylor Freres(4) 7,625,000 7,625,000 595,000 6,693,750 

Seaport(5) 247,790 52,389,543 15,372,569 68,003,902 7,554,792 84,991,410 14,296,909 

Bay Point(6) 754,039 2,917,034 3,671,073 402,745 4,530,881 

Azure(7) 64,389 9,615,686 9,680,075 743,920 8,369,100 

Catalytic(8) 718,052 2,362,191 3,080,243 391,712 4,406,760 

Steele(9) 342,955 9,965,692 10,308,647 800,000 9,000,000 3,000,000 

Stephen Sale(10) 26,328 780,598 806,836 37,994 427,433 

John Quinn(11) 17,493 520,399 537,892 2,106 23,693 

Other Lenders(12)(13) 313,892 114,892 14,422,369 14,851,153 436,902 4,915,148 

$ 2,027,773 $ 52,955,510 $ 112,168,616 $ 167,151,899 11,710,615 $ 115,583,769 $ 17,296,909 

Total Long-term To 

Liabilities Fair
Value of Debt
to be Total Gain
/ (Loss) on Accumulated 

Extinguished Shares
Issued Issued Compensation Extinguishment To
APIC Deficit 

NACS(3) $ 48,587,078 $ 8,386,245 $ $ 8,386,245 40,200,833 $ 40,200,833 $ 

Taylor
Freres(4) 7,625,000 6,693,750 6,693,750 931,250 931,250 

Seaport(5) 68,003,902 84,991,410 14,296,909 99,288,319 (31,284,417 ) (31,284,417 )

Bay
Point(6) 3,671,073 4,530,881 4,530,881 (859,808 ) (859,808 )

Azure(7) 9,680,075 8,369,100 8,369,100 1,310,975 1,310,975 

Catalytic(8) 3,080,243 4,406,760 4,406,760 (1,326,517 ) (1,326,517 )

Steele(9) 10,308,647 9,000,000 3,000,000 12,000,000 (1,691,353 ) (1,691,353 )

Stephen
Sale(10) 806,836 427,433 427,433 379,404 379,404 

John
Quinn(11) 537,892 23,693 23,693 514,200 514,200 

Other
Lenders(12)(13) 14,851,153 4,915,148 4,915,148 9,936,006 9,936,006 

$ 167,151,899 $ 115,583,769 $ 17,296,909 $ 149,041,328 18,110,571 $ 42,405,411 $ (24,294,840 )

(1) The shares issued
for each party are based on the calculations provided by ScanTech. The totals are inclusive
only of the indebtedness exchange and warrant and derivative liability and do not include
other holders of ScanTech units that will also be receiving Pubco shares at the consummation
of the business combination.

On June 18, 2024, through the Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, NACS, LLC agreed to provide Taylor Freres
3% of NACS, LLC Series B Units of ScanTech which the transfer of these shares is reflected in the Share Issued
in the table above.

13

(2) Assumes
a share price of $9.87 based on the fair value ascribed to Mars issued representative
shares.

(3) On
January 29, 2024, NACS signed a Creditor Conversion Agreement whereby NACS agreed to
exchange all of its indebtedness, including its accrued interest, for shares in Pubco, immediately
following an exchange for B units in ScanTech. In addition, NACS agreed to cancel any warrants
it held as part of the conversion. NACS agreement expired May 1, 2024 and was extended
to September 30, 2024.

Based on the facts and circumstances related
to NACS, the gain on extinguishment of NACSs liabilities will be treated as a troubled debt restructuring, as NACS is granting
a concession in this case. Since NACS also holds equity in ScanTech as of June 30, 2024, the gain will be treated as an additional
capital contribution.

(4) ScanTech
and Taylor Frres have agreed to amend the settlement agreement such that Taylor Frres
shall receive 595,000 shares of PubCo at the consummation of the Business Combination, although
the parties have not yet signed an amended settlement agreement.

(5) On
December 1, 2023, Seaport entered into a promissory note that contains a $10.00 option
to acquire an amount of equity of ScanTech equal to the dollar value of the loan, including
all accrued interest, divided by $20,010,000. It is anticipated that Seaport will exercise
this option prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. In addition, On September 23,
2024, Seaport signed a new agreement whereby it agreed to be issued a new, Senior Secured
Promissory Note with Pubco at the consummation of the Business Combination.

(6) On
September 20, 2024, Bay Point entered into a creditor conversion agreement whereby Bay
Point agreed to convert all of its outstanding indebtedness, including all fees and penalties,
into shares of the Company, immediately following an exchange for B units in ScanTech, as
well as cancel any warrants associated with the indebtedness or held by Bay Point.

(7) On
January 29, 2024, Azure signed Creditor Conversion Agreement nearly identical to that
of NACS. This agreement expired May 1, 2024 and was subsequently extended to September 30,
2024.

Based on the facts and circumstances related
to Azure, the gain on extinguishment of Azures liabilities will be treated as a troubled debt restructuring, as Azure is granting
a concession in this case. Since Azure also holds equity in ScanTech as of June 30, 2024, the gain will be treated as an additional
capital contribution.

(8) On
September 20, 2024, Catalytic entered into a creditor conversion agreement whereby Catalytic
agreed to convert all of its outstanding indebtedness, including all fees and penalties,
into shares of the Company, immediately following an exchange for B units in ScanTech, as
well as cancel any warrants associated with the indebtedness or held by Catalytic.

(9) On
September 25, 2024, Steele entered into a creditor conversion agreement whereby Steele
agreed to convert a portion of its outstanding indebtedness, including all fees and penalties,
into shares of the Company, immediately following an exchange for B units in ScanTech, as
well as cancel any warrants associated with the indebtedness or held by Steele. Steele also
agreed to be issued a new, Senior Secured Promissory Note with Pubco.

(10) Stephen
Sale and John Redmond entered into an agreement whereby John Redmond would assume Stephen
Sales indebtedness. Since John Redmond also holds equity in ScanTech as of June 30,
2024, the gain will be treated as an additional capital contribution.

(11) John
Quinn and John Redmond entered into an agreement whereby John Redmond would assume John Quinns
indebtedness. Since John Redmond also holds equity in ScanTech as of June 30, 2024,
the gain will be treated as an additional capital contribution.

(12) Various
other lenders, including the lenders under Seed Financing Notes, in the fourth quarter 2023
and first quarter 2024, signed Creditor Conversion Agreements nearly identical to that of
NACS and Azure. These lenders also agreed to cancel any warrants held by them. These agreements
expired May 1, 2024 and were subsequently extended to September 30, 2024. The Seed
Financing Note lenders signed new Creditor Conversion Agreements on September 20, 2024
superseding any prior signed agreements, providing for the conversion of existing indebtedness
into an aggregate of 425,570 common shares of PubCo and the cancellation of any warrants
or derivatives as of the consummation of the Business Combination.

14

H. Represents the
reclassification of ScanTechs redeemable Series A shares to permanent equity.
Pursuant to this conversion, John Redmonds initial investment of $10,000,000 will
convert to an equivalent number of shares at a fair value of $9.87 pursuant to the Business
Combination. These shares are included in the 14,184,397 shares issued to ScanTech members.

I. Represents the
conversion of Mars working capital loans to equity upon consummation of the Business
Combination.

J. Represents the
shares issued to Polar pursuant to the Subscription Agreements dated April 2, 2024 and
May 29, 2024 whereby Polar will provide ScanTech up to $1,250,000 in funding for working
capital expenses. At closing, Pubco will pay Polar a fee of $1,750,000 In addition to the
repayment, Pubco will issue up to 1,250,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock upon consummation
of the Business Combination. The share price of $9.87 is based on the fair value ascribed
to Mars issued representative shares.

K. Represents the
par value of the additional shares issued to non-redeeming shareholders pursuant to Amendment
2 of the Business Combination Agreement.

L. Represents the
settlement of the forward purchase liability with RiverNorth upon consummation of the Business
Combination.

M. Represents
Seaport investing $1,000,000 at closing in exchange for 303,951 shares and the exercise of
a $10.00 option to acquire 1,000,000 shares of Pubco common stock pursuant to a November 2024
financing agreement between Pubco, Seaport and SIBS

N. Represents the
shares issued to Roth Capital Partners for transaction advisory services related to the Business
Combination. The share price of $9.87 is based on the fair value ascribed to Mars
issued representative shares.

Adjustments
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

O. Represents the
elimination of unrealized and realized gains and losses on Marss Trust Account, which
would not have been incurred had the Business Combination occurred as of the beginning of
the period presented.

P. Represents the
losses on extinguishment of ScanTechs warrant, derivative, and other liabilities pursuant
to a recapitalization assuming the Business Combination occurred as of the beginning of the
period presented. The loss for ScanTechs year ended December 31, 2023 was calculated
utilizing ScanTechs liability balances as of January 1, 2023, which is the beginning
of ScanTechs income statement period presented in this pro forma income statement.
The liabilities to be extinguished were less than the fair value of shares to be issued as
of the most recent calculations provided by ScanTech.

See
below for a detailed breakdown of the loss on extinguishment of these liabilities for ScanTechs year ended December 31, 2023.

15

For the year ended September 30,
2024

Derivative

Liabilities Warrant

Liabilities Other

Liabilities Total 

Liabilities Shares

Issued(1) Fair Value of

Shares Issued(2) Long-term

Debt
to be 

Issued 

NACS(3)(4) $ $ $ 39,425,021 $ 39,425,021 745,444 $ 8,386,245 $ 

Taylor Freres 7,625,000 7,625,000 595,000 6,693,750 

Seaport 5,295,578 6,252,014 11,547,592 7,554,792 84,991,410 14,296,909 

Bay Point 765,907 2,686,280 3,452,187 402,745 4,530,881 

Azure(4) 43,805 7,447,120 7,490,925 743,920 8,369,100 

Catalytic 806,171 1,983,322 2,789,493 391,712 4,406,760 

Steele 174,891 7,677,358 7,852,249 800,000 9,000,000 3,000,000 

Stephen
Sale(4) 13,752 601,356 615,108 37,994 427,433 

John
Quinn(4) 9,168 400,904 410,072 2,106 23,693 

Other Lenders 115,361 7,485,163 7,600,524 436,902 4,915,458 

$ 1,572,078 $ 5,652,555 $ 81,583,538 $ 88,808,171 11,710,615 $ 131,744,419 $ 17,296,909 

For the year ended
September 30, 2024

Total

Liabilities

Extinguished Fair
Value of

Shares Issued 

Long-term

Debt to be

Issued
Total

Compensation 

Gain
/ (Loss) on

Extinguishment To
APIC 

To

Accumulated

Deficit 

NACS(3)(4) $ 39,425,021 $ 8,386,245 $ $ 8,386,245 31,038,776 31,038,776 $ 

Taylor Freres 7,625,000 6,693,750 6,693,750 931,250 931,250 

Seaport 11,547,592 84,991,410 14,296,909 99,288,319 (87,740,727 ) (87,740,727 )

Bay Point 3,452,187 4,530,881 4,530,881 (1,078,694 ) (1,078,694 )

Azure(4) 7,490,925 8,369,100 8,369,100 (878,175 ) (878,175 ) 

Catalytic 2,789,493 4,406,760 4,406,760 (1,617,267 ) (1,617,267 )

Steele 7,852,249 9,000,000 3,000,000 12,000,000 (4,147,751 ) (4,147,751 )

Stephen
Sale(4) 615,108 427,433 427,433 187,676 187,676 

John
Quinn(4) 410,072 23,693 23,693 386,380 386,380 

Other Lenders 7,600,524 4,915,458 4,915,148 2,685,377 2,685,377 

$ 88,808,171 $ 131,744,419 $ 17,296,909 $ 132,880,678 (60,233,157 ) $ 30,734,656 $ (90,967,813 )

(1) The
shares issued for each party are based on the calculations provided by ScanTech. The totals
are inclusive only of the indebtedness exchange and warrant and derivative liability and
do not include other holders of ScanTech units that will also be receiving Pubco shares at
the consummation of the business combination.

On June 18, 2024, through the Settlement
Agreement and Mutual Release, NACS, LLC agreed to provide Taylor Freres 3% of NACS, LLC Series B Units of ScanTech which the transfer
of these shares is reflected in the Share Issued in the table above. The pro forma adjustment has not been incorporated
to reflect the impacts of SAB Topic 5.T, if any, as the executed agreement was subsequent to the June 30, 2024 balance sheet date.

(2) Assumes
a share price of $11.25 based on the fair value ascribed to Mars issued representative
shares.

(3) Includes
NACS Assumed. The original NACS and Azure agreements expired May 1, 2024. On July 28,
2024, both parties, which are controlled by John Redmond, extended these agreements through
September 30, 2024.

(4) As
noted in Adjustment G, the gains on extinguishment of the liabilities for NACS, Azure, and
John Redmond will be treated as troubled debt restructurings, as all parties are granting
concessions in this case. Since both parties also hold equity in ScanTech as of June 30,
2024, the gains will be treated as additional capital contributions.

16

Q. Represents the
gains related to the reclassification of ScanTechs redeemable Series A shares
to permanent equity. Pursuant to this conversion, John Redmonds initial investment
of $10,000,000 will convert to an equivalent number of shares at a fair value of $9.87 pursuant
to the Business Combination, and the remaining amount will be extinguished. As of December 31,
2022, the value of ScanTechs redeemable Series A shares was $24,651,442, which
results in a gain of $14,651,442.

R. Represents the
fair value of the shares issued to Polar pursuant to their Subscription Agreements as detailed
in adjustment J.

S. Represents the
elimination of any fair value adjustments to the derivative and warrant liabilities, which
would not have been incurred had the Business Combination occurred as of the beginning of
the period presented.

T. Represents the
elimination of interest expense on ScanTechs indebtedness, which would have been extinguished
on October 1, 2022 had the Business Combination occurred as of the beginning of the
period presented.

U. Represents the
interest expense to be accrued on the new Senior Secured Promissory Notes issued to Seaport
and Steele pursuant to adjustment G. These notes bear interest at 9% per year.

V. Represents the
shares issued pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan included in Section 6.11 of the
Business Combination Agreement. Per the Equity Incentive Plan, 15% of the aggregate number
of shares of Pubco Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after the Closing will
be available upon consummation of the Business Combination. Each share in the Equity Incentive
Plan shall vest over a three (3) year period, with one-third (1/3) of the shares vesting
on the first annual anniversary of the date of grant and the remaining portion vesting quarterly
thereafter. The share price of $9.87 is based on the fair value ascribed to Mars issued
representative shares. As of June 30, 2024, no formal agreement has been signed related
to the Equity Incentive Plan.

Comparative
Historical and Unaudited Pro Forma Per Share Financial Information

The
following table sets forth the historical comparative share information for Mars and ScanTech on a stand-alone basis and the unaudited
pro forma combined share information for the nine months ended June 30, 2024 and for the year ended September 30, 2023, after
giving effect to the Business Combination, assuming (i) no additional Public Stockholders aside from the shares redeemed
in connection with the Shareholder Meeting on January 30, 2024 exercise redemption rights with respect to their Public Shares
upon the consummation of the Business Combination; and (ii) the Public Shareholders exercise their redemption rights with respect
to a maximum of 2,081,432 remaining Public Shares. This leads to a total 100% redemption value of $22.8 million calculated by multiplying
the maximum of 2,081,432 remaining Public Shares by the redemption price of approximately $10.97
per share. The estimated per share redemption value of $10.97 was calculated by dividing the amount of $22.8 million in the Trust
Account as of June 30, 2024 by the 2,081,432 remaining Public Shares. The 100% redemption amount reflects the maximum number of
Public Shares that can be redeemed without violating the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement. This scenario includes all
adjustments contained in the no redemption scenario and presents additional adjustments to reflect the effect of 100% redemptions.

This
information is only a summary and should be read together with the selected historical financial information summary of Mars and ScanTech
and the historical financial statements and related notes of each of Mars and ScanTech, in each case, that are included elsewhere in
this proxy statement. The unaudited pro forma combined per share information of Mars and ScanTech is derived from, and should be read
in conjunction with, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this proxy
statement.

17

The unaudited
pro forma combined earnings per share information below does not purport to represent the earnings per share which would have occurred
had Mars and ScanTech consummated a business combination during the periods presented, nor earnings per share for any future date or
period. The unaudited pro forma combined book value per share information below does not purport to represent what the value of Mars
and ScanTech would have been had Mars and ScanTech consummated a business combination during the period presented. Finally, in the unaudited
pro forma combined earnings per share information below, the Company assumes in a maximum redemption scenario that the FPA with River
North is triggered, even though River North has no obligation to purchase the shares under the existing FPA.

Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 

ScanTech

Identification

Beam

Systems, LLC Mars

Acquisition

Corp. Assuming

No Additional

Redemptions Assuming

Maximum

Redemptions 

Pro forma net income/(loss) attributable
to common shareholders $ (31,571,142 ) $ 926,692 $ (22,895,430 ) $ (21,139,446 )

Weighted average non-redeemable common shares
outstanding, basic 295,914,780 2,392,000 35,667,686 30,211,745 

Weighted average non-redeemable common shares
outstanding, diluted 295,914,780 2,392,000 35,667,686 30,211,745 

Net income/(loss) per non-redeemable share,
basic $ (0.09 ) $ 0.10 $ (0.64 ) $ (0.70 )

Net income/(loss) per non-redeemable share,
diluted $ (0.09 ) $ 0.10 $ (0.64 ) $ (0.70 )

Pro forma weighted
average shares calculation: 

Former ScanTech members 14,184,397 14,184,397 

Public Investors 11,425,540 7,262,676 

Insiders 6,472,200 6,472,200 

Maxim 828,000 828,000 

Shares
issued to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund pursuant to Subscription Agreement 1,250,000 1,250,000 

Shares
repurchased by RiverNorth pursuant to the Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement 1,500,000 

Shares issued to Roth Capital Partners for
transaction advisory services 100,000 100,000 

Shares issued to Seaport 1,149,230 1,149,230 

Shares issued to Aegus 234,380 234,380 

Shares issued pursuant to the Equity Incentive
Plan 4,842,507 4,130,862 

Share redemptions (4,818,568 ) (6,900,000 )

Weighted average common
shares outstanding, basic and diluted 35,667,686 30,211,745 

Year ended September 30, 2023 

ScanTech

Identification

Beam

Systems, LLC(1) Mars

Acquisition

Corp. Assuming

No Additional

Redemptions Assuming

Maximum

Redemptions 

Pro forma net income/(loss) attributable
to common shareholders $ (35,532,791 ) $ 1,686,238 $ (115,497,707 ) $ (113,156,395 )

Weighted average non-redeemable common shares
outstanding, basic 188,579,085 2,059,414 35,667,686 30,211,745 

Weighted average non-redeemable common shares
outstanding, diluted 188,579,085 2,059,414 35,667,686 30,211,745 

Net income/(loss) per non-redeemable share,
basic $ (0.20 ) $ 0.27 $ (3.24 ) $ (3.75 )

Net income/(loss) per non-redeemable share,
diluted $ (0.20 ) $ 0.27 $ (3.24 ) $ (3.75 )

Pro forma weighted
average shares calculation: 

Former ScanTech members 14,184,397 14,184,397 

Public Investors 11,425,540 7,262,676 

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

BALANCE SHEETS

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) (Audited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash $ 181,432 $ 333,084 

Prepaid expenses 206,632 244,030 

R&D tax credit receivable 194,535 276,705 

Inventory 1,020,100 249,844 

Other current assets 142,346 163,512 

Total current asset 1,745,044 1,267,175 

Property and equipment, net 58,761 82,038 

Other long term assets 36,333 

Total assets $ 1,840,139 $ 1,349,213 

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 3,950,652 $ 3,173,677 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 9,384,736 9,421,258 

Accrued compensation 1,669,546 1,610,052 

Accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest 6,148,068 5,415,149 

Interest payable 16,426,277 12,749,929 

Interest payable to related parties 37,850,832 32,599,048 

Dividend payable 414,467 376,399 

Deferred revenue 932,066 1,023,007 

Derivative liabilities 2,027,773 922,834 

Warrant liabilities 52,955,510 22,024,165 

Related parties payable 1,512,855 885,041 

Short-term debt, net 26,300,469 21,301,085 

Short-term debt from related parties, net 22,346,055 22,346,055 

Total current liabilities 181,919,306 133,847,699 

Total liabilities $ 181,919,306 $ 133,847,699 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Series A units subject to possible redemption, 9,965,000 units at a redemption value of $2.84 per unit and $2.68 per unit as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 28,323,419 26,686,397 

Members deficit 

Series A units, 245,300 units authorized, issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively 

Series B units, 321,593,463 units authorized, 9,906,827 units issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series C units, 1,748,264 units authorized, 1,584,327 units issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (208,402,586 ) (159,184,883 )

Total members deficit (208,402,586 ) (159,184,883 )

Total liabilities and members deficit $ 1,840,139 $ 1,349,213 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-1

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(UNAUDITED)

For
the Three Months Ended September 30, For
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Revenue $ - $ - $ 522,166 $ - 

Cost of Goods Sold - - 448,095 - 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 1,378,388 2,142,618 3,863,403 3,523,743 

Research and development expenses 814,539 778,680 2,604,500 2,464,306 

Depreciation and
amortization 8,137 8,668 24,376 28,733 

Total operating
expenses 2,201,064 2,929,966 6,492,279 6,016,782 

Loss from operations (2,201,064 ) (2,929,966 ) (6,418,208 ) (6,016,782 )

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense (3,249,134 ) (2,627,510 ) (9,106,317 ) (7,427,555 )

Change in fair value of derivative
liabilities (529,546 ) 281,783 (1,104,939 ) (1,605,819 )

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (17,452,684 ) (2,638,645 ) (30,931,345 ) (14,120,580 )

Other income (expense),
net - - (16,176 ) - 

Total other income
(expense): (21,231,364 ) (4,984,372 ) (41,158,777 ) (23,153,954 )

Net loss $ (23,432,428 ) $ (7,914,338 ) $ (47,576,985 ) $ (29,170,736 )

Net loss per unit: 

Basic and diluted $ (0.08 ) $ (0.13 ) $ (0.15 ) $ (0.48 )

Weighted average number of units: 

Basic and diluted 318,340,442 64,319,210 318,340,442 64,024,061 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-2

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS DEFICIT

(UNAUDITED)

Series A
Preferred 

Nonvoting Units Series C
Profit 

Non

redeemable Series B
Units Interest

Nonvoting Additional

Paid-In Accumulated Members 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2024 Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of
June 30, 2024 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (184,393,971 ) $ (184,393,971 )

Adjustment
to shareholder receivables (2,625 ) (2,625 )

Unit-based
compensation 

Preferred
A Unit dividend 2,625 (576,187 ) (573,562 )

Net
loss (23,432,428 ) (23,432,428 )

Balance
as of September 30, 2024 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (208,402,586 ) $ (208,402,586 )

Series A
Preferred 

Nonvoting Units Series C
Profit 

Non

redeemable Series B
Units Interest

Nonvoting Additional

Paid-In Accumulated Members 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2023 Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (143,824,666 ) $ (143,824,666 )

Adjustment to shareholder receivables (8,382 ) (8,382 )

Unit-based compensation (6,109 ) (6,109 )

Preferred A Unit dividend 14,491 (544,261 ) (529,770 )

Net loss (7,914,338 ) (7,914,338 )

Balance as of September 30,
2023 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (152,283,265 ) $ (152,283,265 )

Series A
Preferred 

Nonvoting Units Series C
Profit 

Non

redeemable Series B
Units Interest

Nonvoting Additional

Paid-In Accumulated Members 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2024 Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (159,184,883 ) $ (159,184,883 )

Adjustment to shareholder receivables (4,113 ) (4,113 )

Unit-based compensation 38,486 38,486 

Preferred A Unit dividend (34,373 ) (1,640,718 ) (1,675,091 )

Net loss (47,576,985 ) (47,576,985 )

Balance as of September 30,
2024 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (208,402,586 ) $ (208,402,586 )

Series A
Preferred 

Nonvoting Units Series C
Profit 

Non

redeemable Series B
Units Interest

Nonvoting Additional

Paid-In Accumulated Members 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2023 Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 245,300 $ 9,590,106 $ 1,336,067 $ $ $ (121,659,065 ) $ (121,659,065 )

Adjustment to shareholder receivables (11,068 ) (11,068 )

Unit-based compensation 316,721 248,260 99,365 99,365 

Preferred A Unit dividend (88,297 ) (1,453,464 ) (1,541,761 )

Net loss (29,170,736 ) (29,170,736 )

Balance as of September 30,
2023 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (152,283,265 ) $ (152,283,265 )

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-3

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(UNAUDITED)

Nine Month
Ended September 30, 

2024 2023 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss $ (47,576,985 ) $ (29,170,736 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 24,377 28,733 

Unit-based compensation expense 38,486 99,365 

Amortization of debt issuance cost 444 111,962 

Change in fair value of derivative
liabilities 1,104,939 1,605,819 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 30,931,345 14,120,580 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

R&D tax credit receivable 82,170 91,560 

Prepaid and other current assets (240,439 ) (111,845 )

Inventory (770,256 ) 

Long term assets (36,333 ) 

Accounts payable 776,975 1,354,982 

Accrued liabilities (36,523 ) (25,616 )

Accrued compensation 59,494 (279,079 )

Accrued federal tax liability, penalties
and interest 732,919 718,252 

Interest payable 3,676,348 2,601,594 

Interest payable to related parties 5,251,784 4,645,303 

Deferred revenue 208,062 

Payable to related
parties 627,814 114,097 

Net cash used in
operating activities (5,145,379 ) (4,095,029 )

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property,
plant and equipment (1,100 ) 

Net cash used in
investing activities (1,100 ) 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from loans 5,018,940 4,070,110 

Loan origination fees (20,000 ) 

Principal payments on finance lease
liabilities (6,650 )

Repayment of loans (15,150 )

Adjustment to
shareholder receivables (4,113 ) (11,067 )

Net cash provided
by financing activities 4,994,827 4,037,243 

Net decrease in cash during period (151,652 ) (57,786 )

Cash, beginning of period 333,084 92,975 

Cash, end of period $ 181,432 $ 35,189 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH
FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Conversion of interest payable to debt $ $ 2,164,743 

349,871 series B units transfer from
NACS to Taylor Freres $ 38,486 $ 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-4

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION
BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(UNAUDITED)

NOTE 1 Description of Organization and Business Operations

Organization and Nature of Operations

ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC (the
Company, we, our, or us), formed in 2011, is developing and deploying security
screening systems that protect travelers and other members of the public from criminals, terrorists and other bad actors. It has developed
a proprietary Computed Tomography scanning system that uses fixed-gantry technology to detect explosives, weapons, narcotics and other
contraband.

Since inception, the Companys operations
have been focused primarily on research and development, product testing, sales and marketing, as well as raising capital to support
its domestic and international certification efforts.

On September 8, 2023, the Company signed
a definitive Business Combination Agreement with Mars Acquisition Corp..(Mars) (Nasdaq: MARX). The combined company is
expected to have an estimated post- transaction enterprise value of $110 million, consisting of an estimated equity value of $197.5 million
and $48 million in net cash, assuming no redemptions by Mars public shareholders. On January 24, 2024, Mars asked Mars
shareholders to approve an extension of time for Mars to consummate an initial business combination. As of January 24, 2024, Mars
Capital Holding Corporation and Mars have entered into Non-Redemption Agreements with several unaffiliated third parties (the Investors)
on substantially the same terms in exchange for their agreement to not redeem an aggregate of 200,000 ordinary shares in Mars at the
Shareholder Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitment not to redeem such shares, the Sponsor has agreed to cause ScanTech AI
Systems Inc. (Pubco) to issue to such Investors an aggregate of 40,000 common Unit of Pubco immediately following the consummation
of the initial business combination if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Shareholder Meeting. Net cash will
come from Mars approximately $22 million of cash in trust (assuming no additional shareholder redemptions) and any third-party
capital the Company is able to raise through the SPAC transaction.

Going Concern Consideration

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had
$181,432 in cash, a significant working capital deficit of $180,174,261 and accumulated deficit of $208,402,586. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the cash flow used in operating activities was $5,145,379. The Companys business plan is dependent
on several factors, including securing customer agreements, achieving the Transportation Safety Administrations APSS 6.2 certification,
of which are uncertain to occur, and raising capital to fund operations. On September 8, 2023, the Company signed a business combination
agreement (Merger Agreement) with Mars, a special purpose acquisition company. The Companys strategic plan includes
its business combination with Mars to assist the Company in its efforts to raise capital and grow its business.

The Company expects to continue to incur significant
expenditures in pursuit of its growth, merger and capital raising plans and there are no assurances that any of those plans will be successful.

As discussed in Note 11, most of our indebtedness
is in default or matures in less than twelve months and is presented as short-term debt in the Balance Sheets. Our operating losses raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the financial statements are issued or
available to be issued.

We currently have almost no cash resources and
significantly greater current liabilities than current assets. The majority of our funding has been advances from Seaport Group LLC Profit
Sharing Plan (Seaport). Should Seaport cease to make such advances prior to us obtaining other sources of financing sufficient
to pay its expenses and current liabilities, we would be unable to continue in business.

Historically, we have financed operations primarily
through cash generated from debt offerings and equity raises. Our primary short-term requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund
general working capital and capital expenditures. Our principal long-term working capital uses primarily include research and development
expenses, operational payroll and development of scanning for customers.

F-5

Our liquidity needs will be dependent both on
the performance of our business and on the amount of proceeds we realize through the Business Combination. If we do not realize sufficient
proceeds from the Business Combination to carry out our business plan or if our business does not perform as we expect, we may be required
to pursue additional financing sources or take other measures to improve our liquidity. See Risk Factors ScanTech may
require substantial additional funding to finance our operations, but adequate additional financing may not be available when we need
it, on acceptable terms or at all.

As a result of the foregoing,
Management has determined that there is substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern for at least
one year from the date the financial statements are available for issuance.

NOTE 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The Companys financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP),
as determined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC).

Emerging Growth Company

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) are required to comply
with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition
period and comply with the requirements that apply to non- emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable.
The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised
and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new
or revised accounting standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.

Recently adopted accounting pronouncements

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the FASB) issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which introduced an expected credit loss model for the impairment of financial assets
measured at amortized cost. The model replaces the probable, incurred loss model for those assets and broadens the information an
entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate for assets measured at amortized cost. On January 1, 2023,
we adopted ASU No. 2016-13 using the modified retrospective method with no material impact to our financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows. To estimate expected credit losses on trade accounts receivable, we use a combination of historical loss data,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Loss rates are calculated based on historical experience and adjusted for
any changes in current and future economic conditions.

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting, which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures
about significant segment expenses. The updated standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2025 and interim periods
beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026.

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income
Taxes, which prescribes standardized categories and disaggregation of information in the reconciliation of provision for income taxes,
requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, and modifies other income tax-related disclosure requirements. The updated standard
is effective for us beginning with our fiscal year 2026 annual reporting period.

F-6

In November 2024, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of income statement expenses, which requires disclosures of certain additional expense information
on an annual and interim basis, including, among other items, the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation
and intangible asset amortization included within each income statement expense caption, as applicable. We expect to adopt this standard
in our fiscal year 2028 annual report.

Changes in Accounting Policies

The Company has consistently applied
the accounting policies described in this Note 2 to all periods presented in these financial statements.

Risks and Uncertainties

The Company is currently in the
development stage and has commenced principal operations and generated revenue in the second quarter of 2024. The development of the Companys
projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, the receipt of the necessary permits and regulatory
approvals, the availability and ability to obtain the necessary financing for the manufacturing and development of projects.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The Company bases its estimates on historical
experience, known or expected trends, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information
available as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these
estimates.

Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all highly
liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its
cash deposits with major financial institutions over the FDIC limit. There were no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 or December 31,
2023. The Companys exposure as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were $0 and $43,949, respectively.

Fair Value Measurement

Fair value is defined as the
exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. Applicable accounting
guidance provides an established hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes
the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that
market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent
of us. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the factors that market participants would use in valuing the
asset or liability. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access.

Level 2 Inputs
other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities,
quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the assets and liabilities.

F-7

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are
supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities.

Assets and liabilities measured
at fair value are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company reviews
the fair value hierarchy classification on an as needed basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification
of levels for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. The Company recognizes transfers into and out of levels within
the fair value hierarchy in the appropriate period in which the actual event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer to occur.

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Prepaid expenses consist primarily
of prepaid insurance premiums and retainers for services. Other current assets consist primarily of employee cash advances.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Maintenance, repairs, and minor replacements are charged to expense as incurred.
Depreciation on property and equipment is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and
any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the accompanying statements of operations in the period realized.

We evaluate our long-lived assets
each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. Indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of
losses, or when changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation for long-lived
assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is the enterprise level (the Company). The assets
of the Company with indicators of impairment are evaluated for recoverability by comparing its undiscounted future cash flows with its
carrying value. If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted future cash flows, we then measure the assets fair value
to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized. If the resulting fair value is less than the carrying value, an impairment
loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. There are no impairment charges for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023.

Inventories

Inventory is valued at the lower
cost or net realizable value. Costs include materials and direct labor on a first-in-first-out basis. We review inventory quantities on
hand and record provisions for estimated excess, slow moving, and obsolete inventory. The evaluation of the carrying value of our inventories
takes into consideration such factors as historical and anticipated future sales compared to quantities on hand and the prices we expect
to obtain for products. We adjust excess and obsolete inventories to net realizable value, and write-downs of excess and obsolete inventories
are recorded as a component of cost of revenues. See Note 8 - Inventories for further details.

Leases

The Company accounts for leases
under Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The core principle of this standard is that a lessee
should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases, by recognizing in the Balance Sheets a liability to make lease payments
(the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The Company elected
the package of practical expedients permitted within the standard, which allow an entity to forgo reassessing (i) whether a contract
contains a lease, (ii) classification of leases, and (iii) whether capitalized costs associated with a lease meet the definition
of initial direct costs. Also, the Company elected the expedient allowing an entity not have to separate lease and non-lease components.
The Company has also elected the short-term lease accounting policy under which the Company would not recognize a lease liability or ROU
asset for any lease that at the commencement date has a lease term of twelve months or less and does not include a purchase option that
the Company is more than reasonably certain to exercise.

F-8

The Company recognizes
right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities for leases with terms greater than 12 months. Leases are classified as either finance
or operating leases. This classification dictates whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line
basis over the term of the lease.

The Companys leases are
capitalized at the present value of the minimum lease payments not yet paid. The Company uses either the rate implicit in the lease, if
readily determinable, or the Companys incremental borrowing rate for a period comparable to the lease term in order to calculate
net present value of the lease liability.

Short-term leases
(leases with an initial term of 12 months or less or leases that are cancelable by the lessee and lessor without significant penalties)
are not capitalized but are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has one short term operating lease for
the Companys combined office and warehouse facility located in Buford, Georgia.

Revenue Recognition

Overview

The Companys
sales revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new CT Sentinel scanning systems, and specific other products and services that
meet the definition of a performance obligation under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, including when-and-if-available
operating system updates and bins. We recognize revenue on CT Sentinel scanning systems upon customer acceptance. Customer acceptance
occurs at the earlier of when the customer provides notice or within 30 days of customer receipt of goods. We recognize revenue on bins
once goods are at the shipping points. Revenue attributable to when-and-if-available operating system updates, if material, are
recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected ownership life of the CT Sentinel scanning systems, as we have a stand-ready obligation
to deliver such services to the customer. All of our revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was recognized
at a point-in-time.

For our performance obligations, we allocate the
transaction price using the expected cost plus a margin approach. Standalone selling prices are estimated by considering costs used to
develop and deliver the service, third-party pricing of similar options and other information that may be available. The
Company recognizes its revenues net of any value-added or sales tax. Payments are received at three milestone dates including at
contract inception, upon delivery and after customer acceptance.

The Company currently has one
customer to whom it sells its baggage scanning systems, which is a distributor. We act as principal in this transaction as we are primarily
responsible for fulfilling the contract and have inventory risk, and thus record the gross amount earned within total revenue. Baggage
scanning systems including fixed gantry detector, image-processing units and conveyance systems are sold as a combined baggage scanning
system. Training services designed to enable distributor customers to service baggage scanning systems they sell to end users of such
systems are deemed to be immaterial in the context of the contract.

Restocking fees

Restocking fees for goods expected to be returned
are included in the estimate of the transaction price at contract inception and recorded as revenue when control of the good transfers.
Restocking costs are recorded as a reduction of the amount of the return asset when control of the good is
transferred to the customer. There were no goods expected to be returned at contract inception. No restocking fees have been incurred
for the period ended September 30, 2024.

F-9

Disaggregation of Revenue

The Company has one reportable
operating segment. Revenue is disaggregated from contracts by geography, which the Company believes best depicts how the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Currently the Company has only one revenue contract,
all of which relates to a customer located in North America.

Contract Balances

Contract liabilities are included
within the deferred revenues in the Balance Sheets. The Company does not have any material contract assets.

Deferred revenue represents the
Company's obligation to transfer goods or services to its customers for which it has already received consideration (or the amount is
due) from the customer. The Company's deferred revenue balance primarily relates to contract advances. Deferred revenue in the amount
of $1,231,069 and $1,023,007 were recorded in the Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

The Company recognized revenue
in the amount of $522,166 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. No revenue was recognized for the three months ended September 30,
2024.

Research and Development

Research and development costs
for prototype scanning machines were expensed as incurred because they have no alternative future use beyond their current testing programs
and therefore no economic benefit in the future. Labor costs, including salaries, employee benefits, payroll taxes, third-party contractor
expenses, were expensed as incurred.

Unit-Based Compensation

The Companys 2012 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) as revised by the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan provide for noncash equity-based compensation
through the grant of Series C units. In addition, the Company has issued Series B units as compensation to advisors and vendors.
Unit-based compensation is based on the fair value of the member units on the grant date, as determined using an option pricing method
(OPM). The OPM considers the various terms that would affect the distributions to each class of equity based upon the estimated
total equity value of the Company on the grant date, the estimated timing of a future liquidity event including probabilities of different
events occurring, the level of seniority among the different classes of securities, dividend policy, and the contractual conversion ratios.
In addition, the method implicitly considers the effect of the liquidation preferences as of the estimated future liquidation event and
date. Under the OPM, each class of equity is modeled as a call option with a distinct claim on the total equity value of the Company.
The characteristics of each class of security, including but not limited to any liquidation preference of the preferred units, determine
the class of securitys claim on the equity value.

Net loss per unit

The Company computes basic net
loss per unit by dividing net loss attributable to members by the weighted average number of units outstanding. Diluted loss per unit
is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive issuances of units using the treasury Unit method for warrants and the if-converted
method for convertible notes. When the Company incurs a net loss, the effect of the Companys outstanding warrants and convertible
notes are not included in the calculation of diluted loss per unit as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, basic and diluted
net loss per unit is identical.

Research and Development (R&D) Tax Credit

The Company accounts for Georgia
R&D tax credits as current assets on its Balance Sheets. Georgia R&D tax credits are calculated at the time of annual state income
tax filing and considers R&D tax credits to be assets once the Georgia Department of Revenue approves the R&D tax credit calculation.
The Company is permitted to elect to apply credits to future state employer payroll withholding or income taxes. When the Company elects
to apply R&D tax credits to employer payroll withholding, application of R&D tax credits reduces the liability for employer payroll
withholding for the quarter in which such tax credits are applied.

F-10

NOTE 3 Net Loss Per Unit

The Company has issued Series A,
Series B and Series C units, as discussed in Note 15 Members Deficit. Series A units are entitled to a preferred
rate of return and Series C units are equivalent to profits interests. Only Series B units have voting rights. All Series B
and Series C units are used in the computation of net loss per unit.

The Company has issued a number of warrants, exercisable
at $0.01 per unit at any time from the warrant agreement execution dates to the exercise period end dates. Depending on the warrant agreement,
the exercise period varies from seventh to tenth anniversary of the warrant agreement execution date. There were 311,686,636 and 181,148,044
warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Given the nominal exercise price, penny warrants
are considered to be outstanding in the context of basic earnings per share, and thus the units are included in the computation of basic
and diluted earnings per unit as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. However, the puttable warrants associated
with the Bay Point note in the amounts of 4,837,348 and 3,839,359 are anti-dilutive for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and for the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. Therefore, the Bay Point warrants are excluded from the calculation of diluted
net loss per unit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively.

The Company had 9,906,827 weighted average series
B units for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 9,906,827 and 9,748,995 weighted average series B units for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. In addition, the Company also had 1,584,327 weighted average series C units
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 1,584,327 and 1,447,011 weighted average series C units for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Together with the exercisable warrants outstanding, the Company had 318,340,442
weighted average common series B and C units for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 64,319,210 and 64,024,061 weighted
average common series B and C units for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023.

The dividend calculation in the numerator represents
the dividend expenses accrued but not yet paid for the periods indicated to the various owners of Series A units. Series A
Units entitle the holder to receive an eight percent (8%) per annum rate of return on the unrecovered capital contribution of such
holder.

Series A units, some of which are redeemable
and some of which are nonredeemable, are excluded in the net loss per unit calculation below as they are not participating units. Series C
units are non-voting units. These units are included in the basic and diluted weighted Series B units
and Series C units outstanding calculation below. Warrants are also included in the below calculation of basic and diluted weighted
average Series B units and Series C units outstanding because they are fully exercisable at any time by the holders.

The following table sets forth
the computation of the Companys basic and diluted loss per unit:

Three
Months Ended September 30, Nine
Months Ended September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Numerator: 

Net loss $ (23,432,428 ) $ (7,914,338 ) $ (47,576,985 ) $ (29,170,736 )

Dividend (573,562 ) (529,770 ) (1,675,090 ) (1,541,762 )

Earnings available for common
units $ (24,005,990 ) $ (8,444,108 ) $ (49,252,075 ) $ (30,712,498 )

Denominator: 

Weighted average common units
outstanding (basic) 318,340,442 64,319,210 318,340,442 64,024,061 

Dilutive effect of potential
membership units 

Weighted average common units
outstanding (diluted) 318,340,442 64,319,210 318,340,442 64,024,061 

Basic earnings per unit $ (0.08 ) $ (0.13 ) $ (0.15 ) $ (0.48 )

Diluted earnings per unit $ (0.08 ) $ (0.13 ) $ (0.15 ) $ (0.48 )

F-11

NOTE 4 Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net as of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023 consists of the following:

Estimated
useful life September 30,
2024 December 31,
2023 

Finance lease ROU
asset 4-5 years 33,662 33,662 

Computers and equipment 3-5 years 163,486 162,386 

Less: Accumulated depreciation
and amortization (138,387 ) (114,010 )

Property and equipment, net 58,761 82,038 

Depreciation and amortization were $8,137 and
$24,376 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company focused primarily on research and development which were expensed as incurred as
the costs had no alternative future use.

NOTE 5 Related Party Transactions

ScanTech/IBS IP Holding Company, LLC

The Company licenses certain key
intellectual property from ScanTech/IBS IP Holding Company, LLC (ScanTech IP Holdco). The license agreement between ScanTech
IP Holdco and the Company provides for a perpetual, royalty free license and survivability in the event of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy of
ScanTech IP Holdco. ScanTech IP Holdco has no employees and is a manager-managed LLC. John Redmond and Dolan Falconer are the controlling
managers of ScanTech IP Holdco. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no liabilities or payables owed to
ScanTech IP Holdco from the Company and there were no receivables due to the Company from ScanTech IP Holdco.

John Redmond

Azure, LLC (Azure)
and NACS, LLC (NACS) have certain outstanding notes with the Company, all of which are secured by the assets of the Company.
Azure and NACS are controlled by Mr. Redmond, the Chairman of the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the Companys outstanding loan balances with these entities, including accrued interest, were approximately $59.5 million
and $54.3 million, respectively.

The conversion feature did not
meet the definition of a derivative and did not contain a significant premium. Therefore, the Company did not account for the conversion
feature separately. John Redmond also has an intercreditor agreement with the Seed financing noteholders which provides for drag-along
conversion and certain collateral agency rights under certain terms and conditions. The drag-along conversion rights were deemed to be
a contingent conversion feature, which would not require recognition until the contingency is met. The drag-along conversion rights also
did not meet the definition of a derivative.

F-12

The following table lists the
accrued interest and principal balances of the notes issued to related parties associated with John Redmond, the Companys Chairman.
(See Note 11 Debt and Warrant Liabilities for terms and details of John Redmond series of notes)

As
of September 30, 2024 As
of December 31, 2023 

Interest Principal Interest Principal 

Entity Payable Payable Total Payable Payable Total 

Azure, LLC $ 2,783,599 $ 6,831,987 $ 9,615,586 $ 1,904,740 $ 6,831,987 $ 8,736,727 

NACS, LLC 23,977,923 11,493,949 35,471,872 20,939,396 11,493,949 32,433,345 

Assumed notes 10,646,083 3,770,119 14,416,202 9,385,014 3,770,119 13,155,133 

Total $ 37,407,605 $ 22,096,055 $ 59,503,660 $ 32,229,150 $ 22,096,055 $ 54,325,205 

Mr. Redmond also paid expenses
on behalf of the Company which were not included as principal balance in any of Mr. Redmonds outstanding loans. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, Mr. Redmonds outstanding expense advances were $1.3 million and $0.7 million, respectively.
These items are presented in the Balance Sheets under the caption of related parties payables.

As of September 30, 2024, the Company was
in default on all notes held by NACS, Azure assumed notes and Mr. Redmond. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was in default
on all notes held by NACS and Mr. Redmond but was not in default on the notes held by Azure.

For the nine months ended September 30,
2024, Mr. Redmond provided short term funding to the Company in the amount of $316,000. These short term fundings had interest rates
of 0% per annum. On April 4, 2024, the $25,000 of the short term funding was repaid to Azure LLC.

On October 24,
2024 , the Company entered into a settlement and mutual release agreement with Taylor Frres Americas LLP (TFA)
which replaced the agreement executed on June 18, 2024 and expired on September 30, 2024. In connection with the Companys
ongoing restructuring and reorganization activities, the parties wish to settle and resolve any and all claims arising from or related
to the engagement letter and the TFAs other dealings with NACS, ScanTech, John Redmond (the controlling member of NACS and the
Chairman of ScanTech) and their affiliates. Pursuance to the June 18, 2024 agreement, the Company agreed
to pay to TFA a good faith deposit in the amount of $50,000, which was paid in full by July 2024.

In connection with the June 18,
2024 agreement, 349,871 units of series B were transferred from NACS to TFA. As of September 30, 2024, TFA owned 8% of all outstanding
Series B Units as a result of the transfer. The series B unit was valued at 0.11/unit as of September 30, 2024. The Company
subsequently recorded a unit-based compensation in the amount of $38,486 and an increase in additional paid in capital of $38,486.

Dolan Falconer

Mr. Falconer, the CEO of the Company, paid
for certain expenses on behalf of the Company. In addition, the Company owes Mr. Falconer deferred compensation of $721,987 and $697,422
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The amounts were presented on the Balance Sheets under the caption
of accrued compensation.

The Company owed
Mr. Falconer for deferred compensation and late fees amounting to $277,904 and $214,712 as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, respectively. These items are presented in the Balance Sheets under the caption of
accrued compensation.

On June 1, 2023, the Board
of Director of the Company approved the accelerated vesting of the remaining unvested 2.25% of Series C membership interests previously
approved and awarded to Mr. Falconer in 2014. As a result of this decision, 248,260 units of Series C membership interests were
fully vested to Mr. Falconer. The 248,260 units were valued at $0.41 per unit at the grant date of April 1, 2014, resulting
in a total value of $101,787. This amount was recorded as Unit compensation expense on June 1, 2023.

F-13

Ben DeCosta

Mr. DeCosta is a member of the Board of Directors
of the Company. Mr. DeCosta has an outstanding promissory note with the Company with a principal balance of $250,000 and a stated
interest rate of 15% per annum. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of Mr. DeCostas promissory
note were $693,227 and $619,897, respectively, including all principal and unpaid accrued interest. The principal of $250,000 was presented
in the Balance Sheets under the caption of short-term debt from related parties, net. The interest payables in the amount of $443,227
and $369,897 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were presented in the Balance Sheets under the caption
of interest payable to related parties.

Alice Wilson

Mrs. Wilson
is the sister of Mr. Falconer. Mrs. Wilson has extended an expense advance on behalf of the Company. The balance of Mrs. Wilsons
expense advance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was $20,000. The amount was presented in the Balance Sheets under
the caption of related parties payable.

NOTE 6 Leases

The Company has two finance leases
for forklifts, with one lease expired in September 2022 and the other expired in August 2023. Both leases had bargain purchase
options that were exercised at the end of the leases. The two forklift leases as of the effective date were classified as finance leases.

On June 27,
2023, the Company entered into a twelve-month operating lease. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had one operating lease. The
Company currently pays a rent of $15,167 per month for the leased space. Since this lease has a lease term of 12 months and does not include
an option to purchase the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, it is considered a short-term lease. The
Company elects not to apply the recognition requirements of ASC 842 to short-term leases. By electing this practical expedient, short-term
leases do not need to be reported on the Balance Sheets.

The components of lease cost were
as follows:

Three
Months Ended September 30, Nine
Months Ended September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Short-term Lease
Cost $ 45,501 $ 35,250 $ 133,086 $ 105,750 

NOTE 7 Inventories

The following table summarizes
the Companys inventories, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023:

September 30,
2024 December 31,
2023 

Raw materials and
parts $ 930,651 $ 182,455 

Work-in-progress $ - $ - 

Finished goods $ 89,449 $ 67,389 

Total inventories $ 1,020,100 $ 249,844 

F-14

NOTE 8 Federal Tax Liability, Penalties
and Interest

From the first quarter
of 2017 through October 31, 2023, the Company failed to remit U.S. federal taxes from amounts withheld from employee wages, and failed
to remit the employer portion of such taxes. In addition, during the same period, the Company did not file quarterly federal tax returns
on Form 941 to report income taxes and payroll taxes withheld from employee wages. As a result, the Company has an accrued payroll
tax liability on its Balance Sheets that amounted to $6.15 million and $5.42 million
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company has devised and
implemented a plan to become compliant in its obligations, including hiring appropriate counsel, preparing and filing appropriate historical
filings, making payments, and engaging in discussions with appropriate parties, including the IRS. There can be no assurance that that
the IRS will agree to the terms of a settlement and not instead demand immediate payment of the amounts due. Even if a settlement offer
is accepted, the terms of any settlement may require substantial upfront payments, which we may not have sufficient funds available for.
In addition, willful failure to comply with statutory obligations to collect, account for and pay over taxes imposed on employees is a
federal criminal offense. There can be no assurance that the Department of Justice will not commence criminal charges against the Company
and management for failure to remit payroll taxes to the IRS.

The Company remitted payments to IRS for the employee
income taxes withheld and the employee and employer portion of the payroll taxes. The payroll taxes and income taxes withheld were remitted
to IRS in full for the payroll periods from November 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024. The Company paid four payroll cycles late
and accrued associated penalties and interests for these four cycles.

The employee income taxes withheld and the payroll
taxes prior to November 1, 2023 were not remitted to IRS yet. The failure to deposit penalty and associated interest was calculated
and recorded in Balance Sheets under the caption of accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest.

NOTE 9 Unit-Based Compensation

The 2012 Plan has an aggregate authorized limit
of 15% of Series C units outstanding at any given time. The total authorized Series C units were 1,748,264 as of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 1,584,327 units of Series C
membership interests issued and outstanding, respectively.

On June 1,
2023, the Companys Board of Directors approved the accelerated vesting of 248,260 Plan units to its CEO, Mr. Dolan Falconer,
and the 248,260 units were fully vested immediately.

On June 18, 2024, NACS agreed
to transfer the ownership of its series B units to TFA which equals to 3% of all outstanding Series B Units of the Company. In connection
with this agreement, 349,871 units of series B were transferred from NACS to TFA. As of September 30, 2024, TFA owned 8% of all outstanding
Series B Units as a result of the transfer. The Company accounts for unit-based compensation under SAB Topic 5.T. The value of the
shares transferred should be reflected as an expense in the company's financial statements with a corresponding credit to contributed
(paid-in) capital. The series B unit was valued at 0.11/unit as of June 30, 2024. The Company subsequently recorded a unit-based
compensation in the amount of $38,486 and an increase in additional paid in capital of $38,486.

NOTE 10 Fair Value Measurements

Derivative Instruments:
Derivative instruments that are not traded on an exchange are valued using conventional calculations/models that are primarily
based on unobservable inputs such as private company unit price and volatilities, and therefore, such derivative instruments are included
in Level 3.

Warrant Liabilities: Warrant
liabilities that are not traded on an exchange are valued using conventional calculations/models that are primarily based on unobservable
inputs such as private company unit price and volatilities, and therefore, such warrant instruments are included in Level 3.

F-15

The following table presents information
about the Companys assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, respectively, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized.

Description Level September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 

Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 3 $ 52,955,510 $ 22,024,165 

Derivative liabilities 3 $ 2,027,773 $ 922,834 

The Company has determined that
the warrants associated with notes are subject to treatment as a liability as the warrants for units of the Company are not indexed to
its own membership interests. The warrants are subject to remeasurement at each Balance Sheet date and any change in fair value is recognized
as a component of other expense on the statements of operations. The Company will continue to adjust the liability for changes in fair
value until the earlier of the exercise or expiration of the warrants. At that time, the portion of the warrant liability related to the
common unit warrants will be reclassified to additional paid-in capital.

The following tables present information
about the change in fair value of the Companys Level 3 warrant liabilities and derivative liabilities for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024:

Warrant liabilities Three months ended 

September 30, 2024 Nine months ended 

September 30, 2024 

Fair Value - beginning of period $ 35,502,826 $ 22,024,165 

Addition 3,432,870 18,674,089 

Change in fair value 14,019,814 12,257,256 

Fair Value - end of period $ 52,955,510 $ 52,955,510 

Derivative liabilities Three months ended 

September 30, 2024 Nine months ended 

September 30, 2024 

Fair Value - beginning of period $ 1,498,227 $ 922,834 

Addition - 555,682 

Change in fair value 529,546 549,257 

Fair Value - end of period $ 2,027,773 $ 2,027,773 

NOTE 11 Debt and Warrant Liabilities

All of our indebtedness is in
default or matures in less than twelve months and is presented as short-term debt in the Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023. Interest expense includes the interest on the notes and amortization of any original issue discounts, which
includes debt issuance costs and the relative fair value of warrants issued contemporaneously with certain notes.

All of our indebtedness is secured by a continuing
security interest in all of our property and assets.

Maturities Effective Rate September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 

John Redmond notes 2018 - 2024 12.00% -14.50% 22,096,055 22,096,055 

Seaport notes 2024 12% 16,264,584 12,670,200 

Catalytic notes 2020 12% 1,563,796 1,563,796 

Seed financing notes 2024 12% 7,908,456 6,503,456 

Bay Point notes 2023 15% 813,633 813,633 

Total Principal $ 48,646,524 $ 43,647,140 

Accrued interest (compounded) 54,277,109 45,348,977 

Total debt $ 102,923,633 $ 88,996,117 

Reported as: 

Short-term debt 102,923,633 $ 88,996,117 

Total $ 102,923,633 $ 88,996,117 

F-16

John Redmond notes

NACS note

On October 11, 2013, the
Company issued NACS a note with an interest rate of 8% and a default interest rate of 12% (the 2013 Note). Principal and
accrued interest may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty. The 2013 Note was amended on June 1, 2016 to provide
NACS with the right to convert principal and accrued interest on the note into Series A and Series B units of the Company at
a conversion price of $1 and $0.47, respectively. As amended, the 2013 Note had a maturity date of December 31, 2018. FASB ASC 815
generally requires an analysis of embedded terms and features that have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation
and separate accounting in instances where their economic risks and characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of
the host contract. The Company identified certain conversion features which it evaluated for bifurcation and determined that no bifurcation
of these embedded or conversion features was required as the net settlement provision was not met.

The principal and accrued interest
on the NACS note was $35,471,872 and $32,433,345 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

Azure notes

The Company has issued multiple
notes to Azure, which is an affiliate of and controlled by John Redmond:

Principal and Accrued Interest 

Issuance date Maturities Interest Rate As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 

January 1, 2021 March 31, 2024 12.00 % $ 1,077,528 $ 985,227 

January 1, 2021 March 31, 2024 12.00 % 5,253,215 4,803,224 

October 25, 2021 March 31, 2024 14.50 % 610,489 547,938 

October 25, 2021 March 31, 2024 14.50 % 1,373,600 1,232,860 

October 1, 2022 March 31, 2024 14.50 % 1,300,754 1,167,478 

Total $ 9,615,586 $ 8,736,727 

Assumed notes

On September 12, 2012, the
Company issued to another party a note with a principal balance of $3,270,119, an interest rate of 8% per annum, a default interest rate
of 12% and a maturity date of December 31, 2018. The note was subsequently acquired from the original noteholder by NACS. Principal
and accrued interest on the note as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were $13,115,206 and $11,991,755, respectively.

On October 2, 2019, Mr. Redmond
purchased from another party (i) a secured note with a principal amount of $300,000 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and (ii) a
warrant to acquire 2.26% of issued and outstanding Series B units for each $1,000,000 of initial principal and accrued unpaid interest,
with an exercise price of $0.01. Mr. Redmond may exercise the warrant at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part (but
not as to a fractional unit). If at any time any of the principal and interest outstanding on the senior secured promissory notes issued
by the Company and held by NACS is converted into any equity membership interests in the Company, the warrant will be deemed to have opted
to exercise, without any further action on its part, the same proportionate amount of this warrant as that portion of the NACS notes converted
by NACS. Principal and accrued interest on the note as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were $780,598 and $698,027,
respectively.

F-17

On October 2, 2019, Mr. Redmond
also purchased from another party (i) a secured note with a principal amount of $200,000 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and
(ii) a warrant to acquire 2.26% of issued and outstanding Series B units for each $1,000,000 of initial principal and accrued
unpaid interest, with an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. Principal and accrued interest on the note as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023 were $520,399 and $465,351, respectively.

Seaport notes

On July 17, 2019, the Company
issued a note to Seaport Group LLC Profit Sharing Plan (Seaport) with an interest rate of 12% and a maturity date of August 31,
2019. As subsequently amended, the note provides for a maximum principal amount of $4,500,000. As amended, the note contains a $10.00
option to purchase a percentage of membership interests of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis at the time of such exercise)
equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount under such note, plus accrued and unpaid interest by (ii) $22,500,000.

On June 13, 2023, the Company
amended and restated its note with Seaport (the 2023 Seaport Note). The 2023 Seaport Note provides for a new principal loan
amount of $7,853,008, a maximum loan amount of $10,000,000, a 12% annual interest rate a maturity date of March 31, 2024, and is
senior secured indebtedness. In addition to principal and interest payable under the note, the note grants Seaport an option to purchase
a percentage of membership interests of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis at the time of such exercise) equal to (i) the
outstanding principal amount under such note, plus accrued and unpaid interest by (ii) $20,010,000. The option has no expiration
date and will be in full force and effect until it is exercised, or the principal and accrued interest of the Seaport Note are paid in
full.

Pursuant to the loan amendment
agreement executed on December 1, 2023, on September 28, 2023, the total accrued and unpaid interests in the amount of $500,853
were rolled into the principal in the amount of $10,170,000 at the time to reach at an aggregate principal amount of $10,670,853. On December 31,
2023, the total accrued and unpaid interests in the amount of $352,725 were rolled into the principal in the amount of $12,317,475 at
the time to reach at an aggregate principal amount of $12,670,200 as of December 31, 2023.

Pursuant to an intercreditor agreement,
Seaport note is senior in priority of payment to notes issued to NACS and John Redmond. The principal and accrued interest on the note
were $14,299,442 and $12,670,200 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

Seaport bridge financing

On March 24,
2024, the Company signed a bridge financing note with Seaport Group SIBS, LLC, with an initial principal amount of $421,200. The
terms of the bridge financing are separate from the existing Seaport financing already in place with the Company. The Bridge
Financing has a maximum principal draw amount of up to $1,000,000, a maturity date of September 30, 2024, an annual interest rate
of 12%, and is pari-passu in seniority to the existing Seaport financing. In addition, at the consummation of the Business Combination,
the note is to be repaid in full out of the proceeds of the transaction and Seaport Group SIBS, LLC is to be issued 1 share for every
$1 lent to the Company under the terms of the bridge financing. In the event the business combination does not close, Seaport Group SIBS,
LLC has a purchase option of $10 to purchase membership interest in the Company based upon the principal and accrued and unpaid interest
divided by $15,000,000. The Company concluded that the features in the Bridge Financing are embedded derivatives which are included in
the Derivative Liability balance on the September 30, 2024 balance sheet in the amount of $241,790. As of September 30, 2024,
the principal and accrued interest on the note were $1,073,127.

F-18

Seaport purchase order loan

On June 27, 2024, the Company executed a
purchase order purchase agreement with Seaport Group SIBS, LLC. In the agreement, the Company agreed to sell
and Seaport Group SIBS, LLC agreed to buy certain purchase orders that the Company is entitled to bill to its customer in the future.
Two purchase orders amounted to $3,410,023 were approved by the customer in October 2023. For the nine months ended September 30,
2024, the Company has sold invoices in the amount of $364,780 collectively to Seaport Group in exchange for cash payments of $350,000.

As of September 30, 2024,
Seaport Group SIBS, LLC has paid the Company in the amount of $1,777,400 in exchange for the right to receive the full balance of $1,955,140
on the invoice to be billed to the customer in the future. Because the invoices were not billed to the customer at the time of the agreements,
the Company concluded that the total balance of $1,955,140 is considered a series of collateral purchase order loans from Seaport Group
SIBS, LLC to the Company by using the underlying cash receipt of the future invoices as collaterals.

The following table presents the transactions
on the purchase order loan and invoice factoring services between the Company and Seaport for three and nine months ended September 30,
2024.

Three months ended 

September 30, 2024 Nine months ended 

September 30, 2024 

Total invoices sold to Seaport $ - $ 364,780 

Total cash received from Seaport - 350,000 

Total factoring amount - 14,780 

Total PO loan from Seaport 1,627,400 1,777,400 

Interest paid to Seaport 162,740 177,740 

Total amount in exchange for PO loan $ 1,790,140 $ 1,955,140 

Seaport working capital
loan

On September 27, the Company issued a promissory
note to Seaport Group SIBS, LLC with an interest rate of 12.0% accruing from September 27, 2024
and a principal amount of $220,000. The principal amount of this note is subject to a $20,000 original issue discount. The outstanding
principal amount and any accrued interest shall be due and payable on the earlier of: (i) The date on which the Company receives
proceeds from customer purchases tied to new purchase orders or invoices (which is separate from the $3,410,023
purchase order loan); (ii) March 26, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the principal and accrued interest on the note,
net of unamortized original issue discount, were $200,738.

Catalytic note and warrant

On January 23, 2019, the
Company issued a note to Catalytic Holdings I LLC (Catalytic) with an interest rate of 12.0% accruing from March 15,
2019, a principal amount of $1,080,000 and a maturity date of April 30, 2019. The principal amount of this note is subject to a
20% original issue discount. As a result, the Company received cash in the amount of $900,000. Principal
and accrued interest on the note as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were $2,362,191 and $2,221,321,
respectively.

F-19

In January 2019, the Company
also issued a warrant to Catalytic. As amended, the warrant entitles Catalytic to purchase 2.0% of the units of the Company on a fully
diluted basis at an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. The warrant expires on the tenth anniversary of the warrant issue date.

On June 26, 2019, the Company
entered into a consulting agreement with Alchemy Advisory LLC (Alchemy), a subsidiary of Catalytic. In exchange for the
business and strategic advice service from Alchemy, the Company agreed to issue to Alchemy warrants which grant Alchemy the ten-year right
to purchase membership interests representing voting common Unit of the Company with a per share exercise price of $0.01 per unit and
representing 1.0% of the outstanding common membership interests and membership interest equivalents of the Company.

On May 18, 2023, Catalytic
Holdings I LC was awarded a summary judgment against the Company in Company Kings County New York state court. On July 14, 2023,
Catalytic notified the Company that it would be presenting the court a proposed order for settlement of its summary judgment, scheduled
with the court on August 7, 2023. The proposed order was in the amount of $1,563,796 in satisfaction of Catalytics indebtedness
with the Company. On September 7, 2023, the court granted Catalytic both the order and judgment amount of $1,563,796 plus accruing
interest at a rate of 12% per annum from October 6, 2020. These amounts are incorporated with the amounts on the Companys
Balance Sheets plus accrued interest since the summary judgment.

Bay Point note and warrant

On August 22, 2018, the Company issued a
promissory note to Bay Point Capital Partners, LP (Bay Point), with an interest rate of 15%, a default interest rate of
20%, a principal amount of $670,000 and a maturity date of December 1, 2023. Principal and accrued interest on the note as of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023 were $1,310,965 and $1,188,921, respectively. The Bay Point note is in default.

On August 22, 2018,
John Redmond executed an unconditional guaranty of payment agreement with Bay Point. For and in consideration of $10.00, John
Redmond unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Bay Point the complete payment of the principal in the amount of $420,000 and
all other obligations of the Company to Bay Point under the terms of the note or any other documents evidencing, securing or
otherwise relating to the note.

In July 2019, the Company
issued Bay Point a warrant to purchase 3.5% of the Series B units of the Company on a fully diluted basis at an exercise price of
$0.01 per unit. The warrant expires on the tenth anniversary of the issue date. The warrant may also be converted, in whole or in part,
into a number of units (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to (i) the fair market value of the warrant or portion thereof
being converted divided by (ii) (A) 70% of the most recent pre-money Company valuation that pertains to securities issued in
exchange for raising capital, divided by (B) all issued and outstanding Company units or securities at the time the warrant is converted
to units. Bay Point has a right to put the warrant to the Company at any time.

In November 2023, the Company
amended its forbearance agreement date December 15, 2022 and agreed to pay $1,400,000 exit fees, $116,850 legal fees and $89,220
late fees on unpaid interests and principal. The exit fees, legal fees and late fees amounted to $1,606,070 as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 was recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in Balance Sheets.

On April 24, 2024, the Company signed a term
sheet agreement with Bay Point Capital Partners, LP, defining the terms of the conversion of Bay Points indebtedness with the Company
into equity simultaneous with the consummation of the Business Combination. Per the term sheet, Bay Point is to convert its total
indebtedness, including any accrued interest and fees, into equity equal to 120% of its total indebtedness as of the date of the consummation
of the Business Combination. Successful conversion also releases the Company from any and all claims Bay Point may have.

F-20

Mars capital loans

On April 2, 2024, Polar Multi-Strategy
Master Fund (the Investor), Mars Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the SPAC), Mars Capital
Holdings Corporation, a British Virgin Islands business company (the Sponsor), and the Company entered into a subscription
agreement. The Sponsor seek to raise funds from existing SPAC investors which will in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company for
working capital expenses (Mar capital loan). The investor has agreed to fund an amount up to $1,000,000 to the Sponsor as
a capital contribution in return for subscription shares. The Company will pay all principal under the Mar capital loan to the Sponsor
at the closing of the De-SPAC transaction (the De-SPAC Closing). The investor will be entitled to receive from the Sponsor
an amount equal to the amount funded as a return of capital. In consideration of the capital calls funded by the Investor and received
by the Sponsor (such funded amounts, being the Investors Capital Investment), SPAC (or the surviving entity following
the De-SPAC Closing) will issue 1 share of the surviving entitys common Unit for each dollar of the Capital Investment that has
been funded as of or prior to the De-SPAC Closing at the close of the Business Combination.

The Mar capital loan shall not
accrue interest and shall be repaid by the Company to the Sponsor upon the De-SPAC Closing. Upon such repayment from the Company to the
Sponsor, an amount equal to the Capital Investment will be paid by the Sponsor (or by the SPAC (or surviving entity following De-SPAC
closing) on behalf of the Sponsor) to the Investor as a return of capital within 5 business days of the De-SPAC Closing.

In the event that, following the
Closing, (i) the Business Combination Agreement is terminated or (ii) the Business Combination does not close by November 16,
2024 (or such other date as the parties shall agree) (the Termination), the Company agrees that within ten (10) business
days of the Termination, (a) it will issue, to the Sponsor, a promissory note with a principal amount equal to the Capital Contribution
with terms, rights, and obligations that mirror the Seaport Bridge Note (Sponsor Note) and Sponsor shall promptly assign
such Sponsor Note to Investor within five (5) business days of its receipt; and (b) it will provide Investor with any further
approvals required for the issuance of the Sponsor Note and any subordination agreement necessary to ensure that Investor has all the
same rights as Seaport.

On April 2, 2024, the Sponsor
and the Company also executed a fund transfer agreement simultaneously, in which the Sponsor agreed to transfer funds received from the
Investor to the Company upon receipt. In consideration for the drawdown requests and the transfer of funds from Sponsor to the Company,
Sponsor shall receive consideration in the form of securities, either as Transaction Closing Shares or ScanTech Units as specified below:

(a) Upon closing of the de-SPAC
transaction, Sponsor shall be entitled to 10,000 shares of Pubco Common Unit (Transaction Closing Shares). Pubco
Common Unit means the shares of common Unit, par value of $0.0001 per share, of ScanTech AI Systems Inc.

(b) In the event that the
de-SPAC transaction does not consummate, the Sponsor shall be entitled to 0.1% of the total outstanding units of ScanTech as of the date
when the Business combination Agreement is terminated (ScanTech Units).

On May 29, 2024, the Investor,
the Sponsor and the Company executed another subscription agreement to increase the total Capital Investment amount from $1,000,000 to
$1,250,000.

The Company made the first draw
request and the Sponsor transferred in the amount of $500,000 on April 3, 2024. The Company made the second draw request and the
Sponsor transferred in the amount of $500,000 on April 5, 2024. The Company made the third draw request in the amount of $250,000
and the Sponsor transferred $175,000 on May 31, 2024. The remaining $75,000 in the third draw request was kept by the Sponsor to
pay for the shared transaction expenses related to the business combination.

The Company concluded that the features in the
Mars capital loans are embedded derivatives which are included in the derivative liability balance in the September 30, 2024 Balance
Sheet in the amount of $264,745. As of September 30, 2024, the principal on the note were $1,175,000 and no interest was accrued.

F-21

Aegus bridge financing notes

On May 7, 2024, the Company signed a bridge
financing note with Aegus Corp, with an initial principal amount of $230,000. The bridge financing note has a maximum principal draw amount
of up to $500,000, a maturity date of November 15, 2024, and an annual interest rate of 12%, In addition, at the consummation
of the Business Combination, the note is to be repaid in full out of the proceeds of the transaction and Aegus Corp is to be issued 1
share for every $1 lent to the Company under the terms of the bridge financing. In the event the Business Combination does not occur,
the Company grants Aegus Corp the right to acquire, at any time at the Aeguss option and upon written notice to the Company, for
a purchase price of ten dollars ($10.00), membership interests representing a percentage of the total outstanding equity interests in
the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis at the time of such exercise) equal to the percentage determined by dividing (i) the
outstanding Principal Amount due under this Note as of the date of such exercise by (ii) $20,010,000.

The Company concluded that the features in the
bridge financing are embedded derivatives which are included in the derivative liability balance in the September 30, 2024 Balance
Sheet in the amount of $49,148. As of September 30, 2024, the principal and accrued interest on the note were $241,433.

Seed financing notes

The Company obtained financing
from individual lenders in a principal amount of approximately $7.5 million as of September 30, 2024 and $6.5 million as of December 31,
2023, and issued notes to lenders with stated interest rates between 7.8% and 12% and default interest rates between 15% and 18% between
2014 and 2024. Each noteholder has a continuing security interest in all of the Companys property and assets. All such notes were
in default as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, except for a note with a small noteholder that matures on September 30,
2024.

Contemporaneously with the issuance
of the seed financing notes, the Company issued warrants to purchase Series B units at an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. The warrants
typically expire ten years after issuance and are each exercisable for up to approximately 3.0% of the total issued and outstanding Series B
units. See Note 16 Members Deficit for further discussion of Series B warrants.

John Redmond also has an intercreditor
agreement with the Seed Financing noteholders which provides for drag-along conversion and certain collateral agency rights under certain
terms and conditions.

NOTE 12 Commitments and Contingencies

From time to time, we may be subjected
to claims or lawsuits which arise in the ordinary course of business, including the matters described below. Estimates for resolution
of legal and other contingencies are accrued when losses are probable and reasonably estimable in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies.

Tax Matters

From the first quarter
of 2017 until October 31 , 2023, the Company failed to remit U.S. federal taxes from amounts withheld from employee wages, and also
failed to remit the employer portion of such taxes. In addition, during the same period, the Company did not file quarterly federal tax
returns on Form 941 to report income taxes and payroll taxes withheld from employee wages. As a result, the Company has an accrued
payroll tax liability on its Balance Sheets that amounted to $6.15 million and $5.42 million as of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

F-22

The Company remitted payments to IRS for the employee
income taxes withheld and the employee and employer portion of the payroll taxes. The payroll taxes and income taxes withheld were remitted
to IRS in full for the payroll periods from November 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, although four pay cycles during 2024 were
late.

The employee income taxes withheld and the payroll
taxes prior to November 1, 2023 were not remitted to IRS yet. The failure to deposit penalty and associated interest was calculated
and recorded in Balance Sheets under the caption of accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest.

The Company is subject to a state
tax lien from the State of Georgia, Gwinnett County, for the tax years 2019 to 2022, for a total lien amount of $71,486. These liens are
secured by business inventory and equipment. The Company intends to settle this amount in full.

The Company is subject to a city
tax lien from the City of Buford, Georgia, for the tax years 2018 and 2019, and 2022, in the amounts of $975, $9,955 and $403, respectively.

Charging Order

On August 15, 2019, the Superior
Court of Fulton County Georgia issued its Order Charging Judgment Debtors (the Charging Order). This Charging Order pertained
to Judgment Debtors ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech Security and prohibited certain related entities, including the Company, from making
distributions to ScanTech Holdings or ScanTech Security.

The Charging Order specifically
mandated that all distributions that would otherwise be made to or on behalf of ScanTech Holdings or ScanTech Security shall be paid to
Epstein, Becker & Green, PC (EBG) instead of being paid to ScanTech Holdings or ScanTech Security until the Judgments
are paid in full with interest. EBG was legal counsel to ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech Security, two entities that are not related parties
for disclosure purposes but have common ownership with ScanTech.

Subsequent to the issuance
of the Charging Order, the Company made a series of payments to third parties on behalf of ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech Security.
These payments, which totaled at least $54,000, included the payment of legal fees incurred by ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech
Security to defend themselves in the ongoing legal action. The Company intends to address this matter in accordance with the legal
process and is taking steps to rectify the situation by working with the Court to ensure full compliance with the Charging
Order.

Payments Triggerable by Business Combination

In addition to the above, the
Company has certain agreements that provide for payments upon completion of a business combination transaction such as that contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement (BCA).

On February 4, 2020, the
Company engaged Aegus Corporation (Aegus) as a consultant. As amended August 31, 2021 and September 28, 2022,
the agreement with Aegus provides for a fee of (i) $180,000 (which has not yet been paid) and (ii) a portion of future capital
raised through the efforts, introductions and/or advisory work or Aegus, provided that a merger or sale of the Company takes place on
or prior to September 28, 2024. Specifically, the Company must pay $5,000 for every $1.0 million of capital raised up to $5.5 million,
but not to exceed a total of 2.5%, of the total proceeds or consideration received from the merger or sale of the Company. Aegus is also
entitled to 5% of any non-M&A equity or debt financing received by the Company on or prior to September 28, 2024 from investors
referred by Aegus.

F-23

Pursuant to the ScanTech
Operating Agreement, if the Company receives, or the debt or equity holders of the Company receive as a distribution from the
Company or as proceeds relating to the sale of their interests, $20 million in proceeds or other consideration, including Unit or
other securities, in respect of their equity or debt interests in the Company, whether in connection with the liquidation, sale,
recapitalization, merger, initial public offering or other transaction, the distribution of profits or other proceeds or otherwise,
the Company shall pay to (York Capital) (i) 20% of all such amounts in excess of $20.0 million but less than $100.0
million, and (ii) 10% of all such amounts equal to or in excess of $100.0 million but less than $200.0 million. The Company has
no payment obligation to York with respect to (i) proceeds or other consideration used solely for working capital purposes,
including, without limitation, proceeds received in connection with a debt or equity investment in the Company.

On January 8, 2020, the Company
entered into a consulting agreement with MG Partners, LLC (the Consultant). The Consultant was engaged to provide certain
referral and other strategic financing consulting services for a term of one year. Thereafter, the MG Partners, LLC consulting agreement
automatically renewed for subsequent six month terms, until terminated by either party. As compensation for such services, the Consultant
was entitled to receive a fee for any debt or equity financing procured by MG Partners, LLC. No such amount was payable to the Consultant
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Between 2.5% - 5.0% of the proceeds of the Business Combination may be due to
the Consultant in the event of sale of the Company during the term of the agreement, and for a period of two years thereafter.

During the fourth
quarter 2023, Ellenoff Grossman and Schole LLP (EGS), the Companys legal counsel, agreed to receive delay payments
on the service fees for services provided to the Company. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding payment due was $256,869
and deferral service fee of $553,554. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding payment due was $26,716 and deferral service fee
of $911,717. The deferral service fees are contingent upon the Companys ability to successfully complete the business combination.
In the event that the Company is unable to complete the business combination, EGS will not be paid for the deferred services provided.

Taylor Freres Settlement Agreements

On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into
a settlement and mutual release agreement with Taylor Frres Americas LLP (TFA). In connection with the Companys
ongoing restructuring and reorganization activities, the parties wish to settle and resolve any and all claims arising from or related
to the engagement letter and the TFAs other dealings with NACS, ScanTech, John Redmond (the controlling member of NACS and the
Chairman of ScanTech) and their affiliates. Pursuance to the agreement, the Company agreed to pay to TFA
a good faith deposit in the amount of $50,000, which was paid in full by July 2024.

In addition, NACS agreed to transfer
the ownership of its series B units to TFA which equals to 3% of all outstanding Series B Units of the Company. In connection with
this agreement, 349,871 units of series B were transferred from NACS to TFA. As of September 30, 2024, TFA owned 8% of all outstanding
Series B Units as a result of the transfer.

On October 24, 2024, the
Company entered into a settlement agreement with Taylor Freres to replace the expired June 18, 2024 agreement. Pursuance to the agreement,
the Company agreed to make its best effort to reimburse TFGS VII Gestion LLC $222,837 for legal costs related to the settlement agreements.
In addition, the Taylor Freres parties agreed to convert all of its TF ScanTech equities and liabilities into 1,445,000 shares of the
combined companys common stock at the closing of the business combination.

NOTE 13 Income Taxes

The Company is a limited liability
company that is treated as a partnership for federal and state tax return purposes, in which the responsibility for determining and paying
income tax is passed through to its members. The Company analyzes its tax filing positions for all open tax years in all of the U.S. federal,
state and local tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns.

F-24

Tax laws are complex and subject
to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining
tax expenses and in evaluating tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. The Company reviews its tax positions quarterly and
adjusts its tax balances as new information becomes available.

NOTE 14 Series A Units

Series A Units

As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had 9,965,000 Series A units authorized and outstanding
with a stated value of $1 per unit. Series A Units entitle the holder to receive an eight percent (8%) per annum rate of return on
the unrecovered capital contribution of such holder.

Mezzanine Classification

Series A units held by NACS
are redeemable at any time if the Company has not carried out either a Qualified IPO or Change of Control (as defined in the ScanTech
Operating Agreement). These Series A units are classified as mezzanine and are accounted for under the ASC accounting
topics as Debt Debt With Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entitys Own Equity.

S99-3A(2) of the
SECs Accounting Series Release No. 268 (ASR 268) requires preferred securities that are redeemable
for cash or other assets to be classified outside of permanent equity if they are redeemable (i) at a fixed or determinable
price on a fixed or determinable date, (ii) at the option of the holder or (iii) upon the occurrence of an event that is
not solely within the control of the issuer. Preferred securities that are mandatorily redeemable are required to be classified by
the issuer as liabilities whereas under ASR 268, an issuer should classify a preferred security whose redemption is contingent on an
event not entirely in control of the issuer as mezzanine equity. If the Company has not carried out either a qualified IPO or a
change of control within five years after the date of the NACS Purchase Agreement, which was dated August 2013, NACS may
require the Company to redeem any portion of its Series A Units at any time. Accordingly, as the contingent redemption is not
solely in control of the Company, the Company determined that the Series A units should be treated as mezzanine equity.

Liquidation Preference

The Series A units rank,
with respect to distribution rights and rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution, (i) senior and in priority of payment
to the Companys Series B and C units and (ii) junior in priority of payment to the Companys creditors.

Voting

The Series A units confer no voting rights, except
as otherwise required by applicable law.

Other Accounting Matters

FASB ASC 815 generally requires
an analysis of embedded terms and features that have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation and separate accounting
in instances where their economic risks and characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of the host contract. The
Company performed an evaluation and determined the Series A and the host instrument is more akin to equity. The Company identified
certain embedded redemption features which it evaluated for bifurcation and determined no bifurcation of these embedded or conversion
features was required.

F-25

Dividends on redeemable Series A
units are included in Accumulated Deficit and accrued in Series A units subject to possible redemption.

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company had Series A units subject to possible redemption of $28,323,419 and $26,686,397, respectively.
This includes the original investment in the amount of $10,000,000.

NOTE 15 Members Deficit

Series A Units

The Company has 245,300
units of Series A units authorized and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023. Series A units entitle the holder to receive an eight percent (8%) per annum rate of return on the unrecovered capital contribution
of such holder, and such holder shall receive priority in distributions with respect to such preferred return.

Holders of the Series A units
are not entitled to vote on, or consent to, any matter reserved for vote, or presented for vote, of the members. Series A units are
not entitled to receive any distributions other than the preferred return and a return of the capital contributions. Accrued dividends
on Series A units are included in Accumulated Deficit and accrued in Dividend Payable.

As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued dividends payable to Series A unit holders
of $414,467 and $376,399, respectively.

Series B Units

The Company has authorized 321,593,463 Series B
units. The Series B units entitle the holder to receive a proportionate share of all distributions
after payment of the preferred return and the return of capital on the Series A units.

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the Company had 9,906,827 Series B units outstanding.

Series C Units

The Series C units are profits interests
granted to directors, employees and consultants from time to time under the 2012 Plan. Holders of the Series C units do not have
voting rights. A number of Series C units equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the total outstanding Series B units and Series C
units are reserved for grants under the plan. The allocation and vesting terms of grants of Series C units are determined by the
Board of Directors.

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were 1,748,264 of Series C membership interests authorized, and 1,584,327 units of Series C membership interests
issued and outstanding.

Warrants and Options

The Company has issued warrants
in connection with notes issued between 2014 and 2021. Each warrant entitles the holder to one Series B unit at an exercise price
of $0.01 per unit.

Pursuant to a note issued to Seaport in October 2019,
as subsequently amended, Seaport has a $10.00 option to purchase a percentage of membership interests of the Company (determined on a
fully diluted basis at the time of such exercise) equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount under such note, plus accrued and
unpaid interest by (ii) $22,500,000. On June 13, 2023, the Company amended and restated its note with Seaport (the 2023
Seaport Note). The 2023 Seaport Note provides for a maximum loan amount of $13,000,000, a 12% annual interest rate a maturity date
of March 31, 2024, and is senior secured indebtedness. In addition to principal and interest payable under the note, the note grants
Seaport an option to purchase a percentage of membership interests of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis at the time of
such exercise) equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount under such note, plus accrued and unpaid interest by (ii) $20,010,000.
The option has no expiration date and will be in full force and effect until it is exercised or the principal and accrued interest of
the Seaport Note are paid in full.

F-26

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the Company had 11,491,154 B and C units outstanding. See Note 12 Debt and Warrant Liabilities, for further discussion
of warrants.

NOTE 16 Subsequent Events

On October 10, 2024, the Companys
customer, VisionTec, issued a change order to modify the original purchase order.

The Company issued working capital promissory
notes to Seaport Group SIBS, LLC on October 15, October 22, and October 30, 2024, with
an interest rate of 12.0% accruing from the effective date and a principal amount of $187,000, $67,650 and $302,500, respectively. The
principal amount of this note is subject to a $17,000, $6,150 and $27,500 original issue discount, respectively. The outstanding principal
amount and any accrued interest shall be due and payable on the earlier of: (i) The date on which the Company receives proceeds from
customer purchases tied to new purchase orders or invoices (which is separate from the $3,410,023 purchase
order loan); (ii) 6 months after the effective date.

On November 14, 2024, ScanTech, Pubco and
Seaport entered into a a drawable, Senior Unsecured Promissory Note agreement in an amount of up to $1,000,000 with an annual interest
rate of 9% compounding daily. The note is due 90 days from its issuance with a default interest rate of 18%. The note contained a $10.00
option for Seaport to acquire shares in Pubco equal to the dollar amount drawn under the agreement (in this case, 1,000,000 shares).

On December 4, 2024, ScanTech along with
Mars (the Clients) entered into a Capital Markets Advisory Agreement with BENJAMIN SECURITIES, INC. (Benjamin). Under
the agreement, Benjamin will provide Capital Markets Advisory services on an as needed basis as determined by the mutual agreement of
both Parties, in exchange for a payment of $250,000 paid at the Closing. In addition to the service fee, the Clients shall also pay to
Benjamin a premium payment of $150,000.00, which following receipt Benjamin may in its sole discretion apply to benefit the holders of
the Purchased Shares. The Premium Payment due at execution of the agreement is $25,000.00 and $125,000 at the closing of the deSPAC merger.

On December 31, 2024, ScanTech approved the
Seventh Amended and Restated Operating Agreement. The primary amendments to the operating agreement included facilitating the membership
unit issuances to the creditor conversions as well as the issuance of the P Units to Polar.

On January 2, 2025, the ScanTech successfully
consummated its merger with Mars Acquisition Corp.

On January 2, 2025, ScanTech, Mars and Pubco
entered into a Supplemental Agreement with Bay Point wherein Bay Point extended the termination date of its conversion agreement to January 2,
2025 in exchange for an issuance of 100,000 shares issued to Bay Point.

On January 2, 2025, ScanTech, Mars and Pubco
entered into a Supplemental Agreement with Catalytic wherein Catalytic extended the termination date of its conversion agreement to January 2,
2025 in exchange for 100,000 shares issued to Catalytic.

ScanTech, Mars and Pubco continue to negotiate waivers with several creditors
that have expressed an interest in such waiver. The negotiated settlements are expected to largely mirror those completed as of
this filing. There is no guarantee any further extension agreements will be reached.

F-27

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash $ 333,084 $ 92,975 

Prepaid expenses 244,030 32,356 

R&D tax credit receivable 276,705 398,718 

Inventory 249,844 

Other current assets 163,512 163,215 

Total current asset 1,267,175 687,264 

Property and equipment, net 82,038 113,439 

Total assets $ 1,349,213 $ 800,703 

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 3,173,677 $ 2,141,689 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 9,421,258 7,847,647 

Accrued compensation 1,610,052 2,000,783 

Accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest 5,415,149 4,628,681 

Interest payable 12,749,929 11,672,255 

Interest payable to related parties 32,599,048 26,307,393 

Dividend payable 376,399 329,077 

Deferred revenue 1,023,007 

Derivative liabilities 922,834 1,572,078 

Warrant liabilities 22,024,165 5,652,553 

Related parties payable 885,041 750,872 

Short-term debt, net 21,301,085 12,763,418 

Short-term debt from related parties, net 22,346,055 15,514,068 

Short-term finance lease liabilities 6,356 

Total current liabilities 133,847,699 91,186,870 

Long-term debt, net 34,470 

Long-term debt from related parties, net 6,586,987 

Total liabilities $ 133,847,699 $ 97,808,327 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Series A units subject to possible redemption, 9,965,000 units at a redemption value of $2.68 per unit and $2.47 per unit as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 26,686,397 $ 24,651,442 

Members deficit 

Series A units, 245,300 units authorized, 245,300 units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Series B units, 191,054,871 units authorized, 9,906,827 and 9,590,106 units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Series C
units, 1,748,264 units authorized, 1,584,327 and 1,336,067 units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and
2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (159,184,883 ) (121,659,065 )

Total members deficit (159,184,883 ) (121,659,065 )

Total liabilities and members deficit $ 1,349,213 $ 800,703 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-28

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses $ 6,283,770 $ 1,503,506 

Research and development expenses 3,238,925 2,894,864 

Depreciation and amortization 36,634 52,545 

Total operating expenses 9,559,329 4,450,915 

Loss from operations (9,559,329 ) (4,450,915 )

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense (10,251,094 ) (8,682,782 )

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 649,244 (281,845 )

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (16,371,612 ) (1,873,658 )

Gains from extinguishment of debt 9,712 

Total other income (expense): (25,973,462 ) (10,828,573 )

Net loss $ (35,532,791 ) $ (15,279,488 )

Net loss per unit: 

Basic and diluted $ (0.20 ) $ (0.26 )

Weighted average number of units: 

Basic and diluted 188,579,085 67,134,921 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-29

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS DEFICIT

Series A Preferred

Nonvoting Units 

Non

redeemable Series B Units Series C Profit Interest

Nonvoting Additional

Paid-In Accumulated Members 

Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 245,300 $ 9,472,482 $ 1,336,067 $ $ $ (104,463,427 ) $ (104,463,427 )

Adjustment to shareholder receivables (5,715 ) (5,715 )

Stock-based compensation 117,624 17,395 17,395 

Preferred A Unit dividend (11,680 ) (1,916,150 ) (1,927,830 )

Net loss (15,279,488 ) (15,279,488 )

Balance as of December 31, 2022 245,300 $ 9,590,106 $ 1,336,067 $ $ $ (121,659,065 ) $ (121,659,065 )

Adjustment to shareholder receivables (10,116 ) (10,116 )

Stock-based compensation 316,722 248,260 99,365 99,365 

Preferred A Unit dividend (89,250 ) (1,993,027 ) (2,082,277 )

Net loss (35,532,791 ) (35,532,791 )

Balance as of December 31, 2023 245,300 $ 9,906,827 $ 1,584,327 $ $ $ (159,184,883 ) $ (159,184,883 )

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-30

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss $ (35,532,791 ) $ (15,279,488 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 36,634 52,545 

Stock-based compensation expense 99,365 17,395 

Gain from extinguishment of debt (9,712 )

Interest expense 149,184 150,775 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities (649,244 ) 281,845 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 16,371,612 1,873,658 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

R&D tax credit receivable 122,013 119,735 

Prepaid and other current assets (211,971 ) (1,413 )

Inventory (249,844 ) 

Accounts payable 1,031,988 42,654 

Accrued liabilities 1,815,775 (29,371 )

Accrued compensation (390,730 ) (462,604 )

Accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest 786,468 952,190 

Interest payable 3,595,142 3,207,417 

Interest payable to related parties 6,435,287 5,323,309 

Deferred revenue 1,023,007 

Payable to related parties 134,169 82,051 

Net cash (used in) operating activities (5,433,935 ) (3,679,014 )

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment (5,233 ) (53,932 )

Net cash (used in) investing activities (5,233 ) (53,932 )

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from loans 6,216,732 3,855,000 

Principal payments on finance lease liabilities (6,651 ) (12,519 )

Repayment of loans (520,688 ) (26,855 )

Adjustment to shareholder receivables (10,116 ) (5,715 )

Net cash provided by financing activities 5,679,277 3,809,911 

Net increase in cash during period 240,109 76,965 

Cash, beginning of period 92,975 16,010 

Cash, end of period $ 333,084 $ 92,975 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Conversion of interest payable to debt $ 2,661,100 $ (88,000 )

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-31

SCANTECH IDENTIFICATION BEAM SYSTEMS, LLC

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 Description of Organization and Business
Operations

Organization and Nature of Operations

ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC (the
Company), formed in 2011, is developing and deploying security screening systems that protect travelers and other members
of the public from criminals, terrorists and other bad actors. It has developed a proprietary Computed Tomography scanning system that
uses fixed-gantry technology to detect explosives, weapons, narcotics and other contraband.

Since inception, the Companys operations
have been focused primarily on research and development, product testing, sales and marketing, as well as raising capital to support its
domestic and international certification efforts.

On September 8, 2023, the Company signed
a definitive Business Combination Agreement with Mars Acquisition Corp. (Mars) (Nasdaq: MARX). The combined company is expected
to have an estimated post- transaction enterprise value of $110 million, consisting of an estimated equity value of $197.5 million
and $48 million in net cash, assuming no redemptions by Mars public shareholders. On January 24, 2024, Mars experienced
a partial redemption of $51 million. Net cash will come from Mars approximately $22 million of cash in trust (assuming
no additional shareholder redemptions) and any third-party capital the Company is able to raise through the SPAC transaction.

Going Concern Consideration

As of December 31, 2023, the Company had
$333,084 in cash, a significant working capital deficit of $132,580,524 and accumulated deficit of $159,184,883. For the year ended December 31,
2023, the cash flow used in operating activities was $5,433,935. The Company has no revenue as of the balance sheet date. The Companys
business plan is dependent on several factors, including securing customer agreements, achieving the Transportation Safety Administrations
APSS 6.2 certification, of which are uncertain to occur, and raising capital to fund operations. On September 8, 2023, the Company
signed a business combination agreement (Merger Agreement) with Mars, a special purpose acquisition company. The Companys
strategic plan includes its business combination with Mars to assist the Company in its efforts to raise capital and grow its business.

The Company expects to continue to incur significant
expenditures in pursuit of its growth, merger and capital raising plans and there are no assurances that any of those plans will be successful.

As discussed in Note 12, most of our indebtedness
is in default or matures in less than twelve months and is presented as short-term debt in the Balance Sheets. Our operating losses
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the financial statements are issued
or available to be issued. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report
on our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 with respect to this uncertainty.

We currently have almost no cash resources and
significantly greater current liabilities than current assets. For 30 months, the majority of our funding has been advances from
Seaport Group LLC Profit Sharing Plan (Seaport). Should Seaport cease to make such advances prior to us obtaining other
sources of financing sufficient to pay its expenses and current liabilities, we would be unable to continue in business.

Historically, we have financed operations primarily
through cash generated from debt offerings and equity raises. Our primary short-term requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund
general working capital and capital expenditures. Our principal long-term working capital uses primarily include research and development
expenses and operational payroll.

F-32

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, our cash
balance was $333,084 and $92,975, respectively. Our liquidity needs will be dependent both on the performance of our business and on
the amount of proceeds we realize through the Business Combination. If we do not realize sufficient proceeds from the Business Combination
to carry out our business plan or if our business does not perform as we expect, we may be required to pursue additional financing or
take other measures to improve our liquidity. See Risk Factors ScanTech may require substantial additional
funding to finance our operations, but adequate additional financing may not be available when we need it, on acceptable terms or at
all.

As a result of the foregoing, Management has determined
that there is substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the financial
statements are issued.

NOTE 2 Restatement and Other Corrections
of Previously Issued Financial Statements

The Companys management completed an analysis
in June 2024 and concluded $7,625,000 of the accrued expenses relating to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, were improperly
excluded during the year ended December 31, 2019. Through this analysis, the Company concluded that a liability to a vendor was probable
and reasonably estimable, and therefore it should have been accrued as at year ended December 31, 2019. Management prepared a quantitative
and qualitative analysis of this error, in accordance with the U.S. SEC Staffs Accounting Bulletin Nos. 99, Materiality, and
108, Quantifying Misstatements, and concluded the impact of the error is material to the Companys previously reported
interim financial statements as of the periods ended June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 and the annual financial statements
as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As a result, the accompanying financial statements as of and
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and related notes thereto, have been restated or revised, as applicable, to correct
the error.

A description of the errors and their impacts
on the previously issued financial statements are included below. The correction of the error had no impact on the statements of operations
or statements of cash flows previously presented. The statements of members equity for the periods previously reported where impacted
by the change in accumulated deficit and total members deficit as shown in the tables below.

Year Ended December 31, 2023 

As Previously

Reported Adjustment As Restated 

Total assets $ 1,349,213 $ $ 1,349,213 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 1,796,258 7,625,000 9,421,258 

Total current liabilities 126,222,699 7,625,000 133,847,699 

Total liabilities 126,222,699 7,625,000 133,847,699 

Accumulated deficit (151,559,883 ) (7,625,000 ) (159,184,883 )

Total members deficit (151,559,883 ) (7,625,000 ) (159,184,883 )

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

As Previously

Reported Adjustment As Restated 

Total assets $ 800,703 $ $ 800,703 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 222,647 7,625,000 7,847,647 

Total current liabilities 83,561,870 7,625,000 91,186,870 

Total liabilities 90,183,327 7,625,000 97,808,327 

Accumulated deficit (114,034,065 ) (7,625,000 ) (121,659,065 )

Total members deficit (114,034,065 ) (7,625,000 ) (121,659,065 )

F-33

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

As Previously

Reported Adjustment As Restated 

Total assets $ 840,673 $ $ 840,673 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 252,018 7,625,000 7,877,018 

Total current liabilities 71,823,322 7,625,000 79,448,322 

Total liabilities 74,911,664 7,625,000 82,536,664 

Accumulated deficit (96,838,428 ) (7,625,000 ) (104,463,428 )

Total members deficit (96,838,428 ) (7,625,000 ) (104,463,428 )

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

As Previously

Reported Adjustment As Restated 

Total assets $ 734,469 $ $ 734,469 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 197,030 7,625,000 7,822,030 

Total current liabilities 119,234,564 7,625,000 126,859,564 

Total liabilities 119,234,564 7,625,000 126,859,564 

Accumulated deficit (144,658,261 ) (7,625,000 ) (152,283,261 )

Total members deficit (144,658,261 ) (7,625,000 ) (152,283,261 )

Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

As Previously

Reported Adjustment As Restated 

Total assets $ 824,638 $ $ 824,638 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 204,479 7,625,000 7,829,479 

Total current liabilities 111,435,401 7,625,000 119,060,401 

Total liabilities 111,452,518 7,625,000 119,077,518 

Accumulated deficit (136,268,316 ) (7,625,000 ) (143,893,316 )

Total members deficit (136,268,316 ) (7,625,000 ) (143,893,316 )

NOTE 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The Companys financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), as
determined by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC).

Emerging Growth Company

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) are required to comply
with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition
period and comply with the requirements that apply to non- emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable.
The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised
and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new
or revised accounting standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.

F-34

Recently adopted accounting pronouncements

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,
which introduced an expected credit loss model for the impairment of financial assets measured at amortized cost. The model replaces the
probable, incurred loss model for those assets and broadens the information an entity must consider in developing its expected credit
loss estimate for assets measured at amortized cost. On January 1, 2023, we adopted ASU No. 2016-13 with no material impact
to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Changes in Accounting Policies

The Company has consistently applied the accounting
policies described in this Note 3 to all periods presented in these financial statements.

Risks and Uncertainties

The Company is currently in the development stage
and has not yet commenced principal operations or generated revenue. The development of the Companys projects is subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, the receipt of the necessary permits and regulatory approvals, the availability
and ability to obtain the necessary financing for the manufacturing and development of projects.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, known
or expected trends, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available as of
the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates.

Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid temporary
cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash deposits
with major financial institutions over the FDIC limit. There were no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. The Companys
exposure as of December 31, 2023 was $43,949.

Fair Value Measurement

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that
would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset
or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. Applicable accounting guidance provides
an established hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of
unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants
would use in valuing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable
inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the factors that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability.
There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:

Level 1 Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability
to access.

Level 2 Inputs
other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the assets and liabilities.

F-35

Level 3 Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities.

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value
are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company reviews the fair value
hierarchy classification on an as needed basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification of levels
for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. The Company recognizes transfers into and out of levels within the fair value
hierarchy in the appropriate period in which the actual event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer to occur.

Unless otherwise disclosed, the fair value of
the Companys financial instruments, including cash, prepaid expenses and other current assets, R&D tax credit receivable, accounts
and other payables, accrued expenses, related parties payable, short-term bank borrowings, and current finance lease liabilities, approximate
their recorded values due to their short-term maturities.

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Prepaid expenses consist primarily of prepaid
insurance premiums and retainers for services. Other current assets consist primarily of employee cash advances and security deposits.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation. Maintenance, repairs, and minor replacements are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation on property and
equipment is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. When assets are retired or
otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected
in the accompanying statements of operations in the period realized.

We evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter
for indicators of potential impairment. Indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of losses, or when
changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation for long-lived assets is
performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is the enterprise level (the Company). The assets of the
Company with indicators of impairment are evaluated for recoverability by comparing its undiscounted future cash flows with its carrying
value. If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted future cash flows, we then measure the assets fair value to determine
whether an impairment loss should be recognized. If the resulting fair value is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized
for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. Impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded as
a component of SG&A. There are no impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022.

Inventories

Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net
realizable value. Costs include materials and direct labor on a first-in-first-out basis. We review inventory quantities on hand and record
provisions for estimated excess, slow moving, and obsolete inventory. The evaluation of the carrying value of our inventories takes into
consideration such factors as historical and anticipated future sales compared to quantities on hand and the prices we expect to obtain
for products. We adjust excess and obsolete inventories to net realizable value, and write-downs of excess and obsolete inventories are
recorded as a component of cost of revenues. See Note 9 Inventories for further details.

Leases

The Company accounts for leases under Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The core principle of this standard is that a lessee should recognize
the assets and liabilities that arise from leases, by recognizing in the Balance Sheets a liability to make lease payments (the lease
liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.

The Company recognizes right-of-use (ROU) assets
and lease liabilities for leases with terms greater than 12 months. Leases are classified as either finance or operating leases.
This classification dictates whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over
the term of the lease. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has only an operating lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
has both finance and operating leases.

F-36

The Companys right-of-use asset relates
to two forklifts, which include an option to purchase at the end of the leases. Both leases had bargain purchase options that were exercised.
The Companys lease agreement does not contain residual value guarantees or material restrictions or covenants.

The Companys leases are capitalized at
the present value of the minimum lease payments not yet paid. The Company uses either the rate implicit in the lease, if readily determinable,
or the Companys incremental borrowing rate for a period comparable to the lease term in order to calculate net present value of
the lease liability.

Short-term leases (leases with an initial term
of 12 months or less or leases that are cancelable by the lessee and lessor without significant penalties) are not capitalized but
are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has one short term operating lease for the Companys combined
office and warehouse facility located in Buford, Georgia as of December 31, 2023.

Revenue Recognition

The Companys revenues are derived primarily
from the sale of hardware. The Company recognizes its revenues net of any value-added or sales tax.

The Company sells a high proportion of its baggage
scanning systems to a limited number of distributor customers. Baggage scanning systems including fixed gantry detector and image-processing units
and conveyance systems are sold as a combined baggage scanning system. Training services designed to enable distributor customers to service
baggage scanning systems they sell to end users of such systems. Distributor agreements also include a restocking fee which is applicable
until control of goods transfers (at shipping point).

The Company determines revenue recognition through the following
steps:

Identification of
the contract, or contracts, with a customer

Identification of
the performance obligations in the contract

Determination of
the transaction price

Allocation of the
transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract

Recognition of revenue
when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied.

Contracts and Performance Obligations

The Company accounts for a contract with a customer
when there is an approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the
contract has commercial substance and collectability of the consideration is probable. The Companys performance obligations consist
mainly of transferring control of products identified in the contracts or purchase orders. For each contract, the Company considers the
obligation to transfer products and services to the customer, which are distinct, to be performance obligations.

Transaction Price and Allocation to Performance
Obligation. Transaction prices of products or services are typically based on contracted rates.

If a contract contains a single performance obligation,
the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations
require an allocation of the transaction price based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised products or services
underlying each performance obligation. The Company determines standalone selling prices based on the price at which the performance obligation
could be sold separately.

F-37

Recognition of Revenue

Revenue is recognized when, or as, obligations
under the terms of a contract are satisfied, which occurs when control of the promised products or services is transferred to customers.
Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or services to
a customer.

Product revenue is generally recognized when the
customer obtains control of the Companys product, which occurs at a point in time, upon shipment based on criteria evaluated below:

The customer does not simultaneously receive and
consumes the benefits provided by the entitys performance as the entity performs.

The Companys
performance does not create or enhance an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced.

The Companys
performance creates an asset with an alternative use to the entity.

Principal vs. Agent

When our products and services are sold to distributors,
we assess whether or not we are acting as a principal or an agent in the arrangement. The assessment is based on whether we control the
specified products and services at any time before they are transferred to the customer. We have determined that in our transactions with
distributors, we act as a principal based on criteria evaluated below:

,. The entity is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the
specified good or service.

The entity
has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer.

The
entity has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. Establishing the price that the customer pays for
the specified good or service may indicate that the entity has the ability to direct the use of that good or service and obtain substantially
all of the remaining benefits.

We act as principal in all transactions and thus record the gross amount
when earned.

Restocking fees

Restocking fees for goods expected to be returned
are included in the estimate of the transaction price at contract inception and recorded as revenue when control of the good transfers.
Restocking costs are recorded as a reduction of the amount of the return asset when control of the good is transferred to the customer.
There were no goods expected to be returned at contract inception.

Disaggregation of Revenue

Revenue is disaggregated from contracts between
geography and by reportable operating segment, which the Company believes best depicts how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty
of revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors.

Contract Balances

Contract liabilities are included within the deferred
revenues in the Balance Sheets. The Company does not have any material contract assets.

Contract liabilities In US$ 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Additions during the year 1,023,007 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 1,023,007 

Deferred revenue represents the Companys
obligation to transfer goods or services to its customers for which it has already received consideration (or the amount is due) from
the customer. The Companys deferred revenue balance primarily relates to contract advances.

F-38

The Company has not recognized any revenue from
contracts with customers during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

Research and Development

Research and development costs for prototype scanning
machines were expensed as incurred because they have no alternative future use beyond their current testing programs and therefore no
economic benefit in the future. Labor costs, including salaries, employee benefits, payroll taxes, third-party contractor expenses, were
expensed as incurred.

Unit-Based Compensation

The Companys 2012 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2012 Plan) and 2018 Equity Incentive Plan provide for noncash equity-based compensation through the grant of Series C
units. In addition, the Company has issued Series B units as compensation to advisors and vendors. Unit-based compensation is based
on the fair value of the member units on the grant date, as determined using an option pricing method (OPM). The OPM
considers the various terms that would affect the distributions to each class of equity based upon the estimated total equity value of
the Company on the grant date, the estimated timing of a future liquidity event including probabilities of different events occurring,
the level of seniority among the different classes of securities, dividend policy, and the contractual conversion ratios. In addition,
the method implicitly considers the effect of the liquidation preferences as of the estimated future liquidation event and date. Under
the OPM, each class of equity is modeled as a call option with a distinct claim on the total equity value of the Company. The characteristics
of each class of security, including but not limited to any liquidation preference of the preferred units, determine the class of
securitys claim on the equity value.

Net loss per unit

The Company computes basic net loss per unit by
dividing net loss attributable to members by the weighted average number of units outstanding. Diluted loss per unit is computed
by giving effect to all potentially dilutive issuances of units using the treasury stock method for warrants and the if-converted
method for convertible notes. When the Company incurs a net loss, the effect of the Companys outstanding warrants and convertible
notes are not included in the calculation of diluted loss per unit as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, basic and diluted
net loss per unit is identical.

NOTE 4 Net Loss Per Unit

The Company has issued Series A, Series B
and Series C units, as discussed in Note 16 Members Deficit. Series A units are entitled to a preferred
rate of return and Series C units are equivalent to profits interests. Only Series B units have voting rights. All Series B
and Series C units are used in the computation of net loss per unit.

The Company has issued a number of warrants, exercisable
at $0.01 per unit at any time from the warrant agreement execution dates to the exercise period end dates. Depending on the warrant agreement,
the exercise period varies from seventh to tenth anniversary of the warrant agreement execution date. There were 181,148,044 and 62,828,562
warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Given the nominal exercise price, penny warrants are considered
to be outstanding in the context of basic earnings per share, and thus the units are included in the computation of basic and diluted
earnings per unit as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. However, the puttable warrants associated with the Bay Point note
in the amounts of 3,839,359 and 6,562,642 are anti-dilutive for the year ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Therefore,
the Bay Point warrants are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per unit for the years ended December 31, 2023,
and 2022, respectively.

F-39

The following table sets forth the computation
of the Companys basic and diluted loss per unit:

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 2022 

Numerator: 

Net (loss) $ (35,532,791 ) $ (15,279,488 )

Dividend (2,082,277 ) (1,927,830 )

Earnings available for common units $ (37,615,068 ) $ (17,207,318 )

Denominator: 

Weighted average common units outstanding (basic) 188,579,085 67,134,921 

Dilutive effect of potential membership units 

Weighted average common units outstanding (diluted) 188,579,085 67,134,921 

Basic earnings per unit $ (0.20 ) $ (0.26 )

Diluted earnings per unit $ (0.20 ) $ (0.26 )

Series A units, some of which are redeemable
and some of which are nonredeemable, are excluded in the net loss per unit calculation above as they are not participating units.
Series C units are non-voting units. These units are included in the basic and diluted weighted Series B units and
Series C units outstanding calculation above. Warrants are also included in the above calculation of basic and diluted weighted average
Series B units and Series C units outstanding because they are fully exercisable at any time by the holders.

NOTE 5 Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 consists
of the following:

Estimated

useful life December 31,

2023 December 31,

2022 

Finance lease ROU asset 4 5 years $ 33,662 $ 33,662 

Computers and equipment 3 5 years 162,386 175,011 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization (114,010 ) (95,234 )

Property and equipment, net $ 82,038 $ 113,439 

Depreciation and amortization were $36,634 and
$52,545 for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Two assets in the amount of $17,858 were disposed of
in the year ended December 31, 2023. Three assets in the amount of $132,281 were disposed of in the year ended December 31,
2022. During the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company focused primarily on research and development which were
expensed as incurred as the costs had no alternative future use.

NOTE 6 Research and Development (R&D)
Tax Credit Receivable

The Company accounts for Georgia R&D tax credits
as current assets on its Balance Sheets. Georgia R&D tax credits are calculated at the time of annual state income tax filing and
considers R&D tax credits to be assets once the Georgia Department of Revenue approves the R&D tax credit calculation. The Company
is permitted to elect to apply credits to future state employee payroll withholding or income taxes. When the Company elects to apply
R&D tax credits to employee payroll withholding, application of R&D tax credits reduces the liability for employee payroll withholding
for the quarter in which such tax credits are applied.

F-40

The following table summarizes the activity related to the Companys
R&D tax credits:

Balance as of January 1, 2022 $ 518,453 

Additions for current year tax credits earned 

Tax credits applied (119,735 )

Balance as of December 31, 2022 $ 398,718 

Additions for current year tax credits earned 

Tax credits applied (122,013 )

Balance as of December 31, 2023 $ 276,705 

NOTE 7 Related Party Transactions

ScanTech/IBS IP Holding Company, LLC

The Company licenses certain key intellectual
property from ScanTech/IBS IP Holding Company, LLC (ScanTech IP Holdco). The license agreement between ScanTech IP Holdco
and the Company provides for a perpetual, royalty free license and survivability in the event of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy of ScanTech IP
Holdco. ScanTech IP Holdco has no employees and is a manager-managed LLC. John Redmond and Dolan Falconer are the controlling managers
of ScanTech IP Holdco. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, there were no liabilities or payables owed to ScanTech IP Holdco from the
Company and there were no receivables due to the Company from ScanTech IP Holdco.

John Redmond

Azure, LLC (Azure) and NACS, LLC
(NACS) have certain outstanding notes with the Company, all of which are secured by the assets of the Company. Azure and
NACS are controlled by Mr. Redmond, the Chairman of the Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Companys
outstanding loan balances with these entities, including accrued interest, were approximately $54.3 million and $47.9 million,
respectively.

On October 11, 2013, the Company issued NACS
a note with an interest rate of 8% and a default interest rate of 12% (the 2013 Note). The 2013 Note was amended on June 1,
2016, to provide NACS with the right to convert principal and accrued interest on the note into Series A and Series B units
of the Company at a conversion price of $1.00 and $0.47, respectively. As amended, the 2013 Note had a maturity date of December 31,
2018.

The conversion feature did not meet the definition
of a derivative and did not contain a significant premium. Therefore, the Company did not account for the conversion feature separately.
John Redmond also has an intercreditor agreement with the Seed financing noteholders which provides for drag-along conversion and certain
collateral agency rights under certain terms and conditions. The drag-along conversion rights were deemed to be a contingent conversion
feature, which would not require recognition until the contingency is met. The drag-along conversion rights also did not meet the definition
of a derivative.

The following table lists the accrued interest
and principal balances of the notes issued to related parties associated with John Redmond, the Companys Chairman.

As of December 31, 2023 As of December 31, 2022 

Entity Interest

Payable Principal

Payable Total Interest

Payable Principal

Payable Total 

Azure, LLC $ 1,904,740 $ 6,831,987 $ 8,736,727 $ 860,133 $ 6,586,987 $ 7,447,120 

NACS, LLC 20,939,396 11,493,949 32,433,345 17,288,998 11,493,949 28,782,947 

Assumed notes 9,385,014 3,770,119 13,155,133 7,874,215 3,770,119 11,644,334 

Total $ 32,229,150 $ 22,096,055 $ 54,325,205 $ 26,023,346 $ 21,851,055 $ 47,874,401 

F-41

Mr. Redmond also paid expenses on behalf
of the Company which were not included as principal balance in any of Mr. Redmonds outstanding loans. As of December 31,
2023, and 2022, Mr. Redmonds outstanding expense advances were $0.7 million and $0.6 million, respectively. These
items are presented in the Balance Sheets under the caption of related parties payables.

On October 25, 2021, the Company issued Mr. Redmond
a warrant to acquire a number of membership interests equal to 3.0% of issued and outstanding Series B units at a purchase price
of $0.01 per unit. On the same date, the Company issued Mr. Redmond a warrant to acquire 1.333% of issued and outstanding Series B
units at a purchase price of $0.01 per unit. The Company determined that neither of the warrants was indexed to the entitys own
equity, and therefore they should not be classified as equity. As such, these warrants were accounted for as liabilities.

On October 2, 2019, Mr. Redmond purchased
from another party (i) a secured note with a principal amount of $300,000 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and (ii) a warrant
to acquire 2.26% of issued and outstanding Series B units for each $1,000,000 of initial principal and accrued unpaid interest, with
an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. Principal and accrued interest on the note were $698,027 and $601,356 as of December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively.

On October 2, 2019, Mr. Redmond also
purchased from another party (i) a secured note with a principal amount of $200,000 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and (ii) a
warrant to acquire 2.26% of issued and outstanding Series B units for each $1,000,000 of initial principal and accrued unpaid interest,
with an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. Principal and accrued interest on the note were $465,351 and 400,904 as of December 31,
2023, and 2022, respectively.

As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company
was in default on all notes held by NACS and Mr. Redmond but was not in default on the notes held by Azure.

Dolan Falconer

Mr. Falconer, the CEO of the Company, paid
for certain expenses on behalf of the Company. In addition, the Company owes Mr. Falconer deferred compensation of $929,646 and $840,134
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively and related party expenses of $188,136 and $132,732 as of December 31, 2023 and
2022, respectively. The amounts were presented in the Balance Sheets under the caption of accrued compensation.

On June 1, 2023, the Board of Director of
the Company approved the accelerated vesting of the remaining unvested 2.25% of Series C membership interests previously approved
and awarded to Mr. Falconer in 2014. As a result of this decision, 248,260 units of Series C membership interests were
fully vested to Mr. Falconer. The 248,260 units were valued at $0.41 per unit at the grant date of April 1, 2014, resulting
in a total value of $101,787. This amount was recorded as stock compensation expense on June 1, 2023.

Ben DeCosta

Mr. DeCosta is a member of the Board of Directors
of the Company. Mr. DeCosta has an outstanding promissory note with the Company with a principal balance of $250,000 and a stated
interest rate of 15% per annum. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, the balance of Mr. DeCostas promissory note were $619,897
and $534,047, respectively, including all principal and unpaid accrued interest. The principal of $250,000 was presented in the Balance
Sheets under the caption of short-term debt from related parties, net. The interest payables in the amount of $369,897 and $284,047 as
of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, were presented in the Balance Sheets under the caption of interest payable to related
parties.

Alice Wilson

Mrs. Wilson is the sister of Mr. Falconer.
Mrs. Wilson has extended an expense advance on behalf of the Company. The balance of Mrs. Wilsons expense advance as
of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $20,000. The amount was presented in the Balance Sheets under the caption of related parties payable.

NOTE 8 Leases

The Company has two finance leases for forklifts,
with one lease expired in September 2022 and the other expired in August 2023. Both leases had bargain purchase options that
were exercised at the end of the leases. The two forklift leases as of the effective date were classified as finance leases.

F-42

Management utilized a valuation specialist to
determine the Companys incremental borrowing rate. The valuation analysis looked at preferred return rates for the Series A
units (which are a debt-like security similar to mezzanine financing) and the Companys cost of borrowing and adjusted for the spread
between CCC and B rated corporate bonds. This resulted in an incremental borrowing rate of 16.45%.

On June 27, 2023, the Company entered into
a twelve-month operating lease with VJ Properties, LLC for combined office, workshop, manufacturing and warehouse space located in Buford,
Georgia. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had one operating lease. The Company currently pays a rent of $11,750 per month for
the leased space located in Buford, Georgia. Since this lease has a lease term of 12 months and does not include an option to purchase
the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, it is considered a short-term lease. The Company elects not to
apply the recognition requirements of ASC 842 to short-term leases. By electing this practical expedient, short-term leases do not need
to be reported on the Balance Sheets.

The components of lease expense were as follows:

December 31,

2023 December 31,

2022 

Amortization of ROU Assets Finance Leases $ 5,160 $ 9,305 

Interest on Lease Liabilities Finance Leases 294 1,886 

Short-term Lease Cost 141,000 125,700 

Total Lease Cost $ 146,454 $ 136,891 

Supplemental Balance Sheets information related to leases was as follows:

December 31,

2023 December 31,

2022 

Finance lease ROU assets, gross $ 33,662 $ 33,662 

Accumulated amortization (33,662 ) (28,503 )

Finance lease ROU assets, net 5,159 

Finance lease liabilities, current portion 6,355 

Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total financing lease liabilities $ $ 6,355 

December 31,

2023 December 31,

2022 

Weighted Average Lease Term Finance Leases 0.00 year 0.61 year 

Weighted Average Discount Rate Finance Leases 0.00 % 16.45 %

NOTE 9 Inventories

Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net
realizable value. Costs include materials and direct labor, and is computed on a first-in-first-out basis. The Company evaluates the carrying
value of its inventories taking into consideration of anticipated future sales compared to quantities on hand and the prices the Company
expects to obtain for products in its various markets. The Company adjusts excess and obsolete inventories to net realizable value and
write-downs of excess and obsolete inventories are recorded as a component of cost of revenues. As of December 31, 2023, there was
no revenue recognized and the associated cost of revenues was also equal to zero based on the matching principle under the U.S.GAAP.

F-43

The following table summarizes the Companys inventories, net:

December 31,

2023 December 31,

2022 

Raw materials and parts $ 182,455 $ 

Work-in-progress $ $ 

Finished goods $ 67,389 $ 

Total inventories $ 249,844 $ 

NOTE 10 Federal Tax Liability, Penalties and
Interest

From the first quarter of 2017 through October 31,
2023, the Company failed to remit U.S. federal taxes from amounts withheld from employee wages, and also failed to remit the employer
portion of such taxes. In addition, during the same period, the Company did not file quarterly federal tax returns on Form 941 to
report income taxes and payroll taxes withheld from employee wages. As a result, the Company has an accrued payroll tax liability on its
Balance Sheets that amounted to $5.42 million and $4.63 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company
has devised and implemented a plan to become compliant in its obligations, including hiring appropriate counsel, preparing and filing
appropriate historical filings, making payments, and engaging in discussions with appropriate parties, including the IRS. There can be
no assurance that that the IRS will agree to the terms of a settlement and not instead demand immediate payment of the amounts due. Even
if a settlement offer is accepted, the terms of any settlement may require substantial upfront payments, which we may not have sufficient
funds available for. In addition, willful failure to comply with statutory obligations to collect, account for and pay over taxes imposed
on employees is a federal criminal offense. There can be no assurance that the Department of Justice will not commence criminal charges
against the Company and management for failure to remit payroll taxes to the IRS.

The failure to deposit penalty and associated
interest was calculated and recorded in Balance Sheets under the caption of accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest.

From December 15, 2023 to December 31,
2023, the Company filed the federal tax returns on time on form 941, 943 and 944 to report income taxes withheld and payroll taxes withheld
from employee wages and paid in full to IRS for the employee taxes withheld and the employer portion of the payroll taxes for the then
current payroll periods.

Please see Note 18 Subsequent Events for more
information.

NOTE 11 Unit-Based Compensation

The 2012 Plan has an aggregate authorized limit
of 15% of Series C units outstanding at any given time. The total authorized Series C units were 1,748,264 and 1,670,724 as
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 1,584,327 and 1,336,067 units
of Series C membership interests issued and outstanding, respectively.

On June 1, 2023, the Companys Board
of Directors approved the accelerated vesting of 248,260 Plan units to its CEO, Mr. Dolan Falconer, and the 248,260 units
were fully vested immediately. No units were awarded under the Plan as of December 31, 2022.

F-44

The following table presents a summary regarding
Series B units issued as compensation to advisors and vendors:

Total Units Weight-Average

Grant Date Fair

Value Per Share 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2021 $ 

Granted 353,203 0.01 

Vested (117,624 ) 0.01 

Forfeited 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2022 235,580 $ 

Granted 81,142 0.14 

Vested (316,722 ) 0.04 

Forfeited 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2023 $ 

NOTE 12 Fair Value Measurements

Derivative
Instruments: Derivative instruments that are not traded on an exchange are valued using conventional calculations/models
that are primarily based on unobservable inputs such as private company unit price and volatilities, and therefore, such derivative instruments
are included in Level 3.

Warrant
Liabilities: Warrant liabilities that are not traded on an exchange are valued using conventional calculations/models
that are primarily based on unobservable inputs such as private company unit price and volatilities, and therefore, such warrant instruments
are included in Level 3.

The following table presents information about
the Companys assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized.

Description Level December 31,

2023 December 31,

2022 

Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 3 $ 22,024,165 $ 5,652,553 

Derivative Liabilities 3 $ 922,834 $ 1,572,078 

The Company has determined that the warrants associated
with notes are subject to treatment as a liability as the warrants for units of the Company are not indexed to its own membership
interests. The warrants are subject to remeasurement at each Balance Sheet date and any change in fair value is recognized as a component
of other expense on the statements of operations. The Company will continue to adjust the liability for changes in fair value until the
earlier of the exercise or expiration of the warrants. At that time, the portion of the warrant liability related to the common unit warrants
will be reclassified to additional paid-in capital.

NOTE 13 Debt and Warrant Liabilities

All of our indebtedness is in default or matures
in less than twelve months and is presented as short-term debt in the Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023. A few notes issued
by a certain service provider in exchange for a payable for services, and certain indebtedness issued to Azure, Bay Point Capital Partners,
LP and aforementioned service provider were long-term debt as of December 31, 2022. Long-term debt was amounted to $6,621,457 in
aggregate on principal and accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. Interest expense includes the interest on the notes and amortization
of any original issue discounts, which includes debt issuance costs and the relative fair value of warrants issued contemporaneously
with certain notes.

F-45

All of our indebtedness is secured by a continuing
security interest in all of our property and assets.

Maturities Effective Rate For the Year Ended

December 31, 2023 For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022 

Seaport notes 2023 12% 12,670,200 4,681,000 

John Redmond notes 2018 2024 12.00% 14.50% 22,096,055 21,851,055 

Catalytic notes 2020 12% 1,563,796 1,421,633 

Seed financing notes 2024 12% 6,503,456 6,424,145 

Bay Point notes 2023 15% 813,633 670,000 

Total Principal $ 43,647,140 $ 35,047,833 

Unamortized discount, including debt issuance costs (148,890 )

Accrued interest (compounded) 45,348,977 37,979,648 

Total debt $ 88,996,117 $ 72,878,591 

Reported as: 

Short-term debt $ 88,996,117 $ 66,257,134 

Long-term debt 6,621,457 

Total $ 88,996,117 $ 72,878,591 

John Redmond notes

NACS note

On October 11, 2013, the Company issued NACS
a note with an interest rate of 8% and a default interest rate of 12% (the 2013 Note). Principal and accrued interest may
be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty. The 2013 Note was amended on June 1, 2016 to provide NACS with the right
to convert principal and accrued interest on the note into Series A and Series B units of the Company at a conversion price
of $1 and $0.47, respectively. As amended, the 2013 Note had a maturity date of December 31, 2018. FASB ASC 815 generally requires
an analysis of embedded terms and features that have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation and separate accounting
in instances where their economic risks and characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of the host contract. The
Company identified certain conversion features which it evaluated for bifurcation and determined that no bifurcation of these embedded
or conversion features was required as the net settlement provision was not met.

The NACS note is subordinated to Seaport and has collateral security
rights with ScanTech.

The principal and accrued interest on the NACS
note was $32,433,345 and $28,782,947 as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Azure notes

The Company has issued multiple notes to Azure,
which is an affiliate of and controlled by John Redmond. These notes are pari-passu in capital seniority with NACS:

Principal and Accrued Interest 

For the Year Ended For the Year Ended 

Issuance date Maturities Interest Rate December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 

January 1, 2021 March 31, 2024 12.00 % $ 985,227 $ 874,339 

January 1, 2021 March 31, 2024 12.00 % $ 4,803,224 $ 4,020,239 

October 25, 2021 March 31, 2024 14.50 % $ 547,938 $ 474,391 

October 25, 2021 March 31, 2024 14.50 % $ 1,232,860 $ 1,067,379 

October 1, 2022 March 31, 2024 14.50 % $ 1,167,478 $ 1,010,773 

F-46

Assumed notes

On September 12, 2012, the Company issued
to another party a note with a principal balance of $3,270,119, an interest rate of 8% per annum, a default interest rate of 12% and a
maturity date of December 31, 2018. The note was subsequently acquired from the original noteholder by NACS. Principal and accrued
interest on the note as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were $11,991,755 and $10,642,073, respectively.

On October 2, 2019, Mr. Redmond purchased
from another party (i) a secured note with a principal amount of $300,000 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and (ii) a warrant
to acquire 2.26% of issued and outstanding Series B units for each $1,000,000 of initial principal and accrued unpaid interest, with
an exercise price of $0.01. Mr. Redmond may exercise the warrant at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part (but not
as to a fractional unit). If at any time any of the principal and interest outstanding on the senior secured promissory notes issued by
the Company and held by NACS is converted into any equity membership interests in the Company, the warrant will be deemed to have opted
to exercise, without any further action on its part, the same proportionate amount of this warrant as that portion of the NACS notes converted
by NACS. Principal and accrued interest on the note as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were $698,027 and $601,356, respectively.

On October 2, 2019, Mr. Redmond also
purchased from another party (i) a secured note with a principal amount of $200,000 and an interest rate of 12% per annum and (ii) a
warrant to acquire 2.26% of issued and outstanding Series B units for each $1,000,000 of initial principal and accrued unpaid interest,
with an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. Principal and accrued interest on the note as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were $465,351
and $400,904, respectively.

Seaport notes

On July 17, 2019, the Company issued a note
to Seaport Group LLC Profit Sharing Plan (Seaport) with an interest rate of 12% and a maturity date of August 31, 2019.
As subsequently amended, the note provides for a maximum principal amount of $4,500,000. As amended, the note contains a $10.00 option
to purchase a percentage of membership interests of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis at the time of such exercise)
equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount under such note, plus accrued and unpaid interest by (ii) $22,500,000.

On June 13, 2023, the Company amended and
restated its note with Seaport (the 2023 Seaport Note). The 2023 Seaport Note provides for a new principal loan amount of
$7,853,008, a maximum loan amount of $10,000,000, a 12% annual interest rate a maturity date of March 31, 2024, and is senior secured
indebtedness. In addition to principal and interest payable under the note, the note grants Seaport an option to purchase a percentage
of membership interests of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis at the time of such exercise) equal to (i) the outstanding
principal amount under such note, plus accrued and unpaid interest by (ii) $20,010,000. The option has no expiration date and will
be in full force and effect until it is exercised, or the principal and accrued interest of the Seaport Note are paid in full.

Pursuant to the loan amendment agreement executed
on December 1, 2023, on September 28, 2023, the total accrued and unpaid interests in the amount of $500,853 were rolled into
the principal in the amount of $10,170,000 at the time to reach at an aggregate principal amount of $10,670,853. On December 31,
2023, the total accrued and unpaid interests in the amount of $352,725 were rolled into the principal in the amount of $12,317,475 at
the time to reach at an aggregate principal amount of $12,670,200 as of December 31, 2023.

Pursuant to an intercreditor agreement, Seaport
note is senior in priority of payment to notes issued to NACS and John Redmond. The principal and accrued interest on the note were $12,670,200
and $6,252,014 as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Catalytic note and warrant

On January 23, 2019, the Company issued
a note to Catalytic Holdings I LLC (Catalytic) with an interest rate of 12.0% accruing from March 15, 2019, a
principal amount of $1,080,000 and a maturity date of April 30, 2019. The principal amount of this note is subject to a 20%
original issue discount. As a result, the Company received cash in the amount of $900,000. Principal and accrued interest on the
note as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were $2,221,321 and $1,983,322, respectively.

F-47

In January 2019, the Company also issued
a warrant to Catalytic. As amended, the warrant entitles Catalytic to purchase 2.0% of the units of the Company on a fully diluted
basis at an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. The warrant expires on the tenth anniversary of the warrant issue date.

On June 26, 2019, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with Alchemy Advisory LLC (Alchemy), a subsidiary of Catalytic. In exchange for the business and
strategic advice service from Alchemy, the Company agreed to issue to Alchemy warrants which grant Alchemy the ten-year right to purchase
membership interests representing voting common stock of the Company with a per share exercise price of $0.01 per unit and representing
1.0% of the outstanding common membership interests and membership interest equivalents of the Company.

On May 18, 2023, Catalytic Holdings I LC
was awarded a summary judgment against the Company in Company Kings County New York state court. On July 14, 2023, Catalytic notified
ScanTech that it would be presenting the court a proposed order for settlement of its summary judgment, scheduled with the court on August 7,
2023. The proposed order was in the amount of $1,563,796 in satisfaction of Catalytics indebtedness with the Company. On September 7,
2023, the court granted Catalytic both the order and judgment amount of $1,563,796 plus accruing interest at a rate of 12% per annum from
October 6, 2020. These amounts are consistent with the amounts on the Companys Balance Sheets.

Bay Point note and warrant

On August 22, 2018, the Company issued a
promissory note to Bay Point Capital Partners, LP (Bay Point), with an interest rate of 15%, a default interest rate of
20%, a principal amount of $670,000 and a maturity date of December 1, 2023. Principal and accrued interest on the note as of December 31,
2023 and 2022 were $1,188,921 and $1,080,210, respectively. The Bay Point note is in default.

On August 22, 2018, John Redmond executed
an unconditional guaranty of payment agreement with Bay Point. For and in consideration of $10.00, John Redmond unconditionally and irrevocably
guarantees to Bay Point the complete payment of the principal in the amount of $420,000 and all other obligations of the Company to Bay
Point under the terms of the note or any other documents evidencing, securing or otherwise relating to the note.

In July 2019, the Company issued Bay Point
a warrant to purchase 3.5% of the Series B units of the Company on a fully diluted basis at an exercise price of $0.01 per unit.
The warrant expires on the tenth anniversary of the issue date. The warrant may also be converted, in whole or in part, into a number
of units (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to (i) the fair market value of the warrant or portion thereof being
converted divided by (ii) (A) 70% of the most recent pre-money Company valuation that pertains to securities issued in exchange
for raising capital, divided by (B) all issued and outstanding Company units or securities at the time the warrant is converted
to units. Bay Point has a right to put the warrant to the Company at any time.

On December 15, 2022, the company executed
a forbearance agreement with Bay Point. In this agreement, the Company agreed to increase the principal amount owing to Bay Point from
$670,000 to $813,633 as of November 20, 2022. In addition to the interest accrued, the Company also agreed to pay Bay Point cumulative
legal fees in the amount of $115,000.

In November 2023, the Company further agreed
to pay $1,400,000 exit fees, $116,850 legal fees and $89,220 late fees on unpaid interests and principal. The exit fees, legal fees and
late fees amounted to $1,606,070 as of December 31, 2023 was recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in Balance
Sheets.

Seed financing notes

The Company obtained financing from
individual lenders in a principal amount of approximately $6.5 million and issued notes to said lenders with stated interest
rates between 7.8% and 12% and default interest rates between 15% and 18% between 2014 and 2022. Each noteholder has a continuing
security interest in all of the Companys property and assets. All such notes were in default as of December 31, 2023 and
2022, except for a note with a small noteholder that matures on September 30, 2024.

F-48

Contemporaneously with the issuance of the seed
financing notes, the Company issued warrants to purchase Series B units at an exercise price of $0.01 per unit. The warrants typically
expire ten years after issuance and are each exercisable for up to approximately 3.0% of the total issued and outstanding Series B
units. See Note 17 Members Deficit for further discussion of Series B warrants.

John Redmond also has an intercreditor agreement
with the Seed Financing noteholders which provides for drag-along conversion and certain collateral agency rights under certain terms
and conditions.

NOTE 14 Commitments and Contingencies

From time to time, we may be subjected to claims
or lawsuits which arise in the ordinary course of business, including the matters described below. Estimates for resolution of legal and
other contingencies are accrued when losses are probable and reasonably estimable in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies.

Tax Matters

From the first quarter of 2017 until October 31,
2023, the Company failed to remit U.S. federal taxes from amounts withheld from employee wages, and also failed to remit the employer
portion of such taxes. In addition, during the same period, the Company did not file quarterly federal tax returns on Form 941 to
report income taxes and payroll taxes withheld from employee wages. As a result, the Company has an accrued payroll tax liability on its
Balance Sheets that amounted to $5.42 million and $4.63 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

For the payroll period from November 1, 2023,
to November 30, 2023, the payments on income taxes withheld and the employee and employer portion of the payroll taxes were made
on December 15, 2023. The failure to deposit penalty and associated interest was calculated and recorded in Balance Sheets under
the caption of accrued federal tax liability, penalties and interest.

From December 15, 2023, to December 31,
2023, the Company filed the federal tax returns on time on form 941, 943 and 944 to report income taxes withheld and payroll taxes withheld
from employee wages and paid in full to IRS for the employee taxes withheld and the employer portion of the payroll taxes for the then
current payroll periods.

The Company is subject to a state tax lien from
the State of Georgia, Gwinnett County, for the tax years 2019 to 2022, for a total lien amount of $71,486. These liens are secured
by business inventory and equipment. The Company intends to settle this amount in full.

The Company is subject to a city tax lien from
the City of Buford, Georgia, for the tax years 2018 and 2019, and 2022, in the amounts of $975, $9,955 and $403, respectively.

Charging Order

On August 15, 2019, the Superior Court of
Fulton County Georgia issued its Order Charging Judgment Debtors (the Charging Order). This Charging Order pertained to
Judgment Debtors ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech Security and prohibited certain related entities, including the Company, from making distributions
to ScanTech Holdings or ScanTech Security.

The Charging Order specifically mandated that
all distributions that would otherwise be made to or on behalf of ScanTech Holdings or ScanTech Security shall be paid to Epstein, Becker &
Green, PC (EBG) instead of being paid to ScanTech Holdings or ScanTech Security until the Judgments are paid in full with
interest. EBG was legal counsel to ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech Security, two entities that are not related parties for disclosure purposes
but have common ownership with ScanTech.

Subsequent to the issuance of the Charging Order,
the Company made a series of payments to third parties on behalf of ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech Security. These payments, which totaled
at least $54,000, included the payment of legal fees incurred by ScanTech Holdings and ScanTech Security to defend themselves in the
ongoing legal action. The Company intends to address this matter in accordance with the legal process and is taking steps to rectify
the situation by working with the Court to ensure full compliance with the Charging Order.

F-49

Payments Triggerable by Business Combination

In addition to the above, the Company has certain
agreements that provide for payments upon completion of a business combination transaction such as that contemplated by the BCA.

On February 4, 2020, the Company engaged
Aegus Corporation (Aegus) as a consultant. As amended August 31, 2021 and September 28, 2022, the agreement with
Aegus provides for a fee of (i) $180,000 (which has not yet been paid) and (ii) a portion of future capital raised through the
efforts, introductions and/or advisory work or Aegus, provided that a merger or sale of the Company takes place on or prior to September 28,
2024. Specifically, the Company must pay $5,000 for every $1.0 million of capital raised up to $5.5 million, but not to exceed
a total of 2.5%, of the total proceeds or consideration received from the merger or sale of the Company. Aegus is also entitled to 5%
of any non-M&A equity or debt financing received by the Company on or prior to September 28, 2024 from investors referred by
Aegus.

Pursuant to the ScanTech Operating Agreement,
if the Company receives, or the debt or equity holders of the Company receive as a distribution from the Company or as proceeds relating
to the sale of their interests, $20 million in proceeds or other consideration, including stock or other securities, in respect of
their equity or debt interests in the Company, whether in connection with the liquidation, sale, recapitalization, merger, initial public
offering or other transaction, the distribution of profits or other proceeds or otherwise, the Company shall pay to York Capital (York
Capital) (i) 20% of all such amounts in excess of $20.0 million but less than $100.0 million, and (ii) 10%
of all such amounts equal to or in excess of $100.0 million but less than $200.0 million. The Company has no payment obligation
to York with respect to (i) proceeds or other consideration used solely for working capital purposes, including, without limitation,
proceeds received in connection with a debt or equity investment in the Company.

On January 8, 2020, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with MG Partners, LLC (the Consultant). The Consultant was engaged to provide certain referral and
other strategic financing consulting services for a term of one year. Thereafter, the MG Partners, LLC consulting agreement automatically
renewed for subsequent six month terms, until terminated by either party. As compensation for such services, the Consultant was entitled
to receive a fee for any debt or equity financing procured by MG Partners, LLC. No such amount was payable to the Consultant as of December 31,
2023 or 2022. Between 2.5% 5.0% of the proceeds of the Business Combination may be due to the Consultant in the
event of sale of the Company during the term of the agreement, and for a period of two years thereafter.

During the fourth quarter 2023, Ellenoff Grossman
and Schole LLP (EGS), the Companys legal counsel, agreed to receive delay payments on the service fees for services
provided to the Company. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding payment due was $256,869 and deferral service fee of $553, 554.
The fees are contingent upon the Companys ability to successfully complete the business combination. In the event that the Company
is unable to complete the business combination, EGS will not be paid for the services provided.

NOTE 15 Income Taxes

The Company is a limited liability company that
is treated as a partnership for federal and state tax return purposes, in which the responsibility for determining and paying income tax
is passed through to its members. The Company analyzes its tax filing positions for all open tax years in all of the U.S. federal,
state and local tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns.

Tax laws are complex and subject to different
interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining tax expenses
and in evaluating tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. The Company reviews its tax positions quarterly and adjusts its tax
balances as new information becomes available.

F-50

NOTE 16 Series A Units

Series A Units

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had 9,965,000 Series A units authorized and outstanding with a stated value of $1 per unit. Series A Units entitle the holder
to receive an eight percent (8%) per annum rate of return on the unrecovered capital contribution of such holder.

Mezzanine Classification

Series A units held by NACS are redeemable
at any time if the Company has not carried out either a Qualified IPO or Change of Control (as defined in the ScanTech Operating Agreement).
These Series A units are classified as mezzanine and are accounted for under the ASC accounting topics as Debt Debt
With Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own
Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entitys Own Equity.

S99-3A(2) of the SECs Accounting Series Release
No. 268 (ASR 268) requires preferred securities that are redeemable for cash or other assets to be classified outside
of permanent equity if they are redeemable (i) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date, (ii) at the
option of the holder or (iii) upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the issuer. Preferred securities
that are mandatorily redeemable are required to be classified by the issuer as liabilities whereas under ASR 268, an issuer should classify
a preferred security whose redemption is contingent on an event not entirely in control of the issuer as mezzanine equity. If the Company
has not carried out either a qualified IPO or a change of control within five years after the date of the NACS Purchase Agreement,
which was dated August 2013, NACS may require the Company to redeem any portion of its Series A Units at any time. Accordingly,
as the contingent redemption is not solely in control of the Company, the Company determined that the Series A units should be treated
as mezzanine equity.

Liquidation Preference

The Series A units rank, with respect to
distribution rights and rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution, (i) senior and in priority of payment to the Companys
Series B and C units and (ii) junior in priority of payment to the Companys creditors.

Voting

The Series A units confer no voting rights, except as otherwise
required by applicable law.

Other Accounting Matters

FASB ASC 815 generally requires an analysis of
embedded terms and features that have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation and separate accounting in instances
where their economic risks and characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of the host contract. The Company performed
an evaluation and determined the Series A and the host instrument is more akin to equity. The Company identified certain embedded
redemption features which it evaluated for bifurcation and determined no bifurcation of these embedded or conversion features was required.

Dividends on redeemable Series A units are
included in Accumulated Deficit and accrued in Series A units subject to possible redemption.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had Series A units subject to possible redemption of $26,686,397 and $24,651,442, respectively. This includes the original investment
in the amount of $10,000,000.

NOTE 17 Members Deficit

Series A Units

The Company has 245,300 units of
Series A units authorized and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. Series A units entitle the holder to
receive an eight percent (8%) per annum rate of return on the unrecovered capital contribution of such holder, and such holder
shall receive priority in distributions with respect to such preferred return.

F-51

Holders of the Series A units are not entitled
to vote on, or consent to, any matter reserved for vote, or presented for vote, of the members. Series A units are not entitled to
receive any distributions other than the preferred return and a return of the capital contributions. Accrued dividends on Series A
units are included in Accumulated Deficit and accrued in Dividend Payable.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had accrued dividends payable to Series A unit holders of $376,399 and $329,077, respectively.

Series B Units

The Company has authorized 191,054,871 Series B
units. The Series B units entitle the holder to receive a proportionate share of all distributions after payment of the preferred
return and the return of capital on the Series A units.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had 9,906,827 and 9,590,106 Series B units outstanding, respectively.

Series C Units

The Series C units are profits interests
granted to directors, employees and consultants from time to time under the 2012 Plan. Holders of the Series C units do not have
voting rights. A number of Series C units equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the total outstanding Series B units and Series C
units are reserved for grants under the plan. The allocation and vesting terms of grants of Series C units are determined by the
Board of Directors.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were
1,748,264 of Series C membership interests authorized, and 1,584,327 and 1,336,067 units of Series C membership interests
issued and outstanding, respectively.

Warrants and Options

The Company has issued warrants in connection
with notes issued between 2014 and 2021. Each warrant entitles the holder to one Series B unit at an exercise price of $0.01 per
unit.

Pursuant to a note issued to Seaport in October 2019,
as subsequently amended, Seaport has a $10.00 option to purchase a percentage of membership interests of the Company (determined
on a fully diluted basis at the time of such exercise) equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount under such note, plus accrued
and unpaid interest by (ii) $22,500,000. On June 13, 2023, the Company amended and restated its note with Seaport (the 2023
Seaport Note). The 2023 Seaport Note provides for a maximum loan amount of $13,000,000, a 12% annual interest rate a maturity date
of March 31, 2024, and is senior secured indebtedness. In addition to principal and interest payable under the note, the note grants
Seaport an option to purchase a percentage of membership interests of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis at the time
of such exercise) equal to (i) the outstanding principal amount under such note, plus accrued and unpaid interest by (ii) $20,010,000.
The option has no expiration date and will be in full force and effect until it is exercised or the principal and accrued interest of
the Seaport Note are paid in full.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had 11,491,154 and 10,926,198 B and C units outstanding, respectively. See Note 13 Debt and Warrant Liabilities,
for further discussion of warrants.

NOTE 18 Subsequent Events

Federal Payroll Tax Liability

From January 1, 2024 to the April 15,
2024, the Company filed the federal tax returns on Form 941, 943 and 944 to report income taxes withheld and payroll taxes withheld
from employee wages and paid in full to IRS for the employee taxes withheld and the employer portion of the payroll taxes for the then
current payroll periods.

F-52

Business Combination Agreement

On April 2, 2024, the Company entered into
Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, which provides that the merger consideration will be a number of shares of
Pubco Common Stock with an aggregate value equal to One Hundred Ten Million U.S. Dollars ($110,000,000) minus (or plus, if negative) the
amount of the Closing Net Debt that exceeds Twenty Million U.S. Dollars ($20,000,000). In addition, every issued and outstanding Ordinary
Share that is not redeemed shall be converted automatically to (i) one share of Pubco Common Stock and (ii) one additional (1) share
of Pubco Common Stock, or a convertible security convertible or exercisable for one (1) share of Pubco Common Stock upon consummation
of the Business Combination.

On April 2, 2024, Mars entered into a definitive
subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement) with Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (the Investor),
Mars Capital Holdings Corporation (the Sponsor), and ScanTech for Investor to provide ScanTech up to $1,000,000 in
funding for working capital expenses in connection with the Business Combination. Per the terms of the Subscription Agreement, Investor
is entitled to receive repayment of any amounts funded under the Subscription Agreement in addition to one newly issued share of ScanTech
AI Systems Inc. per dollar provided under the Subscription Agreement upon the closing of the business combination. ScanTech received $1M
that was drawn from the Polar note via transfer from the SPAC sponsor with a contingent liability of 10,000 PubCo shares due to the sponsor,
if the business combination closes. If the transaction does not close, ScanTech must issue 0.1% of the total outstanding units to the
sponsor.

In order to facilitate the completion of the Business
Combination, on April 17, 2024, ScanTech entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement to extend the outside
date for a second time to September 30, 2024. No other changes to the Business Combination Agreement were made in Amendment No. 3.

Subsequent to December 31, 2023, in various
dates in January 2024, ScanTech secured agreements from NACS, Azure, and the majority of its Series A seed financing holders
to convert their outstanding indebtedness to equity upon the consummation of the business combination, but the specific terms of such
conversion have not yet been agreed upon. The Company is continuing to secure conversion term sheets for the remaining holders including
Catalytic, and Steele Interests which are the only Series A seed financing holders to not yet sign a conversion agreement.

Seaport Bridge Financing

On March 24, 2024, the Company signed a bridge
financing note with Seaport Group SIBS, LLC, with a principal amount of $421,200. The terms of the bridge financing are separate from
the existing Seaport financing already in place with the Company. The Bridge Financing has a maximum principal draw amount of up to $1,000,000,
has a maturity date of June 30, 2024, an annual interest rate of 12%, and is pari-passu in seniority to the existing Seaport financing.
In addition, at the consummation of the Business Combination, the note is to be repaid in full out of the proceeds of the transaction
and Seaport Group SIBS, LLC is to be issued 1 share for every $1 lent to the Company under the terms of the bridge financing.

Bay Point Term Sheet

On April 24, 2024, the Company signed a term
sheet agreement with Bay Point Capital Partners, LP, defining the terms of the conversion of Bay Points indebtedness with the Company
into equity simultaneous with the consummation of the Business Combination. Per the term sheet, Bay Point is to convert its total indebtedness,
including any accrued interest and fees, into equity equal to 120% its total indebtedness as of the date of the consummation of the Business
Combination. Successful conversion also releases the Company from any and all claims Bay Point may have.

NOTE 19 Events (Unaudited) Subsequent to the
Date of the Independent Auditors Report

Settlement and Release Agreement

On June 18, 2024, the Company signed a
definitive Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release Agreement with a vendor. Upon execution of the agreement, the Company shall pay
to the vendor a deposit totaling $50,000 in two payments. Upon a business combination before September 30, 2024, the vendor
shall receive 742,049 common shares of Pubco in exchange for a full release of all claims, which includes a $7.625 million
outstanding balance, which is recorded in accrued expenses as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. In addition, upon the business
combination the Company shall pay to an affiliate of the vendor $161,787. In the event the business combination does not consummate
before September 30, 2024, the vendor shall retain all of its rights as prior to the execution of the Settlement Agreement and
Mutual Release Agreement.

F-53

On September 20, 2024, certain lenders, including
Catalytic and Bay Point have agreed to material economic arrangements under the Conversion and Mutual Release Agreement which provides
for the debt conversion at the Closing of its existing indebtedness, including principal and accrued interest, into a predetermined number
of Pubco Common Stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. This Agreement also provides for the cancellation of any existing
indebtedness, warrants or derivatives held by the investor, upon the consummation of the Business Combination. In the event the Closing
of the Company Merger and listing of the Pubco Common Stock on NASDAQ does not occur on or before December 31, 2024, this Agreement
is automatically terminated.

On September 25, 2024, Steele and its affiliates
have agreed to material economic arrangements under the Loan Exchange and Release Agreement which provides for the exchange of its existing
warrants into a predetermined number of Pubco Common Stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. In the event the Closing
of the Company Merger and listing of the Pubco Common Stock on NASDAQ does not occur on or before December 31, 2024, this Agreement
is automatically terminated.

On September 25, 2024, Steele and Seaport
have agreed to material economic arrangements under the Credit and Security Agreement that provides for the exchange of its existing indebtedness,
including principal and accrued interest, for a senior secured term loan totaling $3,000,000 for 36 months and a senior secured term loan
totaling $14,296,909 for 60 months, respectively effective upon the closing of the Business Combination Agreement. All outstanding principal
and accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable in full on the Maturity Date. Interest shall accrue at a fixed per annum rate of 9.00%.
The aggregate principal amount of the term loan, including any additional advances, plus all other permitted indebtedness, shall not exceed
$20,000,000 on the Closing Date without the prior written consent of all of the parties.

On September 22, 2024, the Seed Financing
note holders have agreed to material economic arrangements under the Creditor Conversion Agreement which provides for the debt conversion
at the Closing of its existing indebtedness, including principal and accrued interest, into a predetermined number of Pubco Common Stock
upon the consummation of the Business Combination. This Agreement also provides for the cancellation of any existing indebtedness, warrants
or derivatives held by the investor, upon the consummation of the Business Combination. In the event the Closing of the Company Merger
and listing of the Pubco Common Stock on NASDAQ does not occur on or before December 31, 2024, this Agreement is automatically terminated.

On September 25, 2024, Seaport and Steele
also have agreed to material economic arrangements under the intercreditor agreement that provides for certain governance and intercreditor
relationship agency between Seaport and Steele, both as senior lenders to Pubco, to take effect simultaneous to the consummation of the
business combination.

On September 30, 2024, Mars and ScanTech,
among other parties, have entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Business Combination Agreement, which sets forth that every issued
and outstanding ordinary share that is not redeemed and sold between the Closing and the 90th day after the Closing, shall receive two
(2) extra shares of Pubco Common Stock ninety days following the Closing or such other period as may be agreed by parties to the
Business Combination Agreement. See the subsection entitled The Business Combination Proposal Amendments
to the Business Combination Agreement for additional information.

F-54

On October 10, 2024, the Companys
customer, VisionTec, issued a change order to modify the original purchase order.

The Company issued working capital promissory
notes to Seaport Group SIBS, LLC on October 15, October 22, and October 30, 2024, with
an interest rate of 12.0% accruing from the effective date and a principal amount of $187,000, $67,650 and $302,500, respectively. The
principal amount of this note is subject to a $17,000, $6,150 and $27,500 original issue discount, respectively. The outstanding principal
amount and any accrued interest shall be due and payable on the earlier of: (i) The date on which the Company receives proceeds from
customer purchases tied to new purchase orders or invoices (which is separate from the $3,410,023 purchase
order loan); (ii) 6 months after the effective date.

On November 14, 2024, ScanTech, Pubco and
Seaport entered into a a drawable, Senior Unsecured Promissory Note agreement in an amount of up to $1,000,000 with an annual interest
rate of 9% compounding daily. The note is due 90 days from its issuance with a default interest rate of 18%. The note contained a $10.00
option for Seaport to acquire shares in Pubco equal to the dollar amount drawn under the agreement (in this case, 1,000,000 shares).

On December 4, 2024, ScanTech along with
Mars (the Clients) entered into a Capital Markets Advisory Agreement with BENJAMIN SECURITIES, INC. (Benjamin). Under
the agreement, Benjamin will provide Capital Markets Advisory services on an as needed basis as determined by the mutual agreement of
both Parties, in exchange for a payment of $250,000 paid at the Closing. In addition to the service fee, the Clients shall also pay to
Benjamin a premium payment of $150,000.00, which following receipt Benjamin may in its sole discretion apply to benefit the holders of
the Purchased Shares. The Premium Payment due at execution of the agreement is $25,000.00 and $125,000 at the closing of the deSPAC merger.

On December 31, 2024, ScanTech approved the
Seventh Amended and Restated Operating Agreement. The primary amendments to the operating agreement included facilitating the membership
unit issuances to the creditor conversions as well as the issuance of the P Units to Polar.

On January 2, 2025, the ScanTech successfully
consummated its merger with Mars Acquisition Corp.

On January 2, 2025, ScanTech, Mars and Pubco
entered into a Supplemental Agreement with Bay Point wherein Bay Point extended the termination date of its conversion agreement to January 2,
2025 in exchange for an issuance of 100,000 shares issued to Bay Point.

On January 2, 2025, ScanTech, Mars and Pubco
entered into a Supplemental Agreement with Catalytic wherein Catalytic extended the termination date of its conversion agreement to January 2,
2025 in exchange for 100,000 shares issued to Catalytic.

ScanTech, Mars and Pubco continue to negotiate waivers with several creditors
that have expressed an interest in such waiver. The negotiated settlements are expected to largely mirror those completed as of
this filing. There is no guarantee any further extension agreements will be reached

F-55
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF SCANTECH

You should read the
following discussion in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus/consent solicitation. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under Risk Factors
and elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation.

Overview

Our mission is to develop and
deploy security screening systems that protect travelers and other members of the public from criminals, terrorists and other bad actors.
We have developed a proprietary fixed- gantry Computed Tomography scanning system that detects explosives, weapons, narcotics and other
contraband.

Our initial market focus is domestic
and international aviation checkpoints. However, we believe a significant global market opportunity also exists for deploying our scanners
in (i) other government facilities such as border crossings, seaports, military bases, embassies, federal buildings, prisons and
postal facilities and (ii) the private sector at manufacturing plants, entertainment facilities, power plants, petrochemical facilities,
convention centers, schools, sports stadiums and other highly-trafficked public buildings or venues.

Our SENTINEL fixed-gantry scanner
has already achieved several third-party certifications, including the TSAs Tier 2 Explosive Detection Certification. Certification
to the TSAs Accessible Property Screening System 6.2.0 Explosive Detection Standard and to the European Civil Aviation Conference
Explosive Detection System for Cabin Baggage Certification are in advanced stages.

We believe that our scanner systems
and fixed-gantry CT technology have advantages and improved threat detection capacity as compared to traditional rotating-gantry systems.

Our SENTINEL scanners are designed
to be deployed at security checkpoints. They can be quickly installed and easily maintained without major infrastructure modifications
to existing checkpoints.

Most CT security scanners on
the market are based on rotating-gantry technology, which was first developed in the 1970s for use in medical imaging. Rotating gantry
involves a single X-ray tube and detectors opposite this tube. These revolve around the object being scanned, generating images which
are reconstructed to produce a three-dimensional image.

SENTINEL Scanner Description

SENTINELs fix-gantry CT
architecture incorporates four (4) discrete pairs of fixed multi-energy X-ray generators and detector arrays. Each generator/ detector
pair is optimally configured to provide non- traditional planar slices significantly expanding the robustness, reliability and repeatability
of image data reconstruction and improving the systems ability to discriminate/interrogate threat materials and hidden objects.
The orientation of the generators/detectors yield three (3) discrete slices of the target for interrogation: 1) Perpendicular to
the tunnel; 2) 45 angle along the Belt from Entrance to Exit, and; 3) 45 angle backwards along the Belt from Exit to Entrance.
The three slices of metadata are used to reconstruct a three- dimensional map of the effective atomic numbers (Zeff) and mass densities
of the scanned contents. The projections in this innovative geometry provide three unique planes while the projections of conventional
CT systems are essentially in a single plane. Three integrated & interlaced slices through an object versus the typical single
plane slice of data in rotating-gantry CT improves spatial recognition, particularly in high clutter situations, as the four (4) X-ray
projections are traveling through unique paths for a given area of interest. Coupled with few-view CT reconstruction and advanced threat
detection algorithms, SENTINELS architecture expands the robustness, reliability and repeatability of the measurement data.

The
figure below depicts the SENTINELs fixed-gantry projection geometry showing the four X-ray sources tunnel entrance, exit, top
and side projections. The red box depicts the traditional 90 planer slice perpendicular to the conveyor. Two additional 45
planar slices (not shown) are also created.

1

SENTINEL Scanner Installation

First and foremost, the SENTINEL
has been designed for easy deployment and installation at domestic and international checkpoints. Following production, assembly and
factory acceptance testing, SENTINEL systems, simulators and peripheral equipment are packaged and marked in accordance with TSA packaging
and marking requirements for transportation security screening equipment. The system is shipped directly to the customers site
in one piece along with ingress and egress conveyors, primary and auxiliary viewing stations and peripheral equipment in three simple
shipping crates. We assign an installation site lead to coordinate system receipt, rigging unloading, installation and start-up. For
installed systems, the installation site lead collects data, performs on-site functional testing, and prepares a commissioning report.
For each system installed, the commissioning report will document i) Visual Inspection; ii) Operational/ Functional Test; iii) Image
Quality Test; and, iv) Explosive Simulant Detection Test. Because the system is delivered to the site in one piece, the installation,
setup, startup and functional test process is typically completed in four to six hours if the checkpoint has been prepared for system
setting.

SENTINEL Scanner Maintenance

Modular construction of SENTINEL
plays a major role in the systems serviceability and ensures fast field service to get the machine back on line. Furthermore,
as system upgrades and enhancements are designed, engineered, tested and approved, respective modules can easily be changed-out in the
field. System electrical and control components are mounted on four (4) back-plates that are easy to inspect, basic troubleshoot,
and remove & replace if necessary. All modules are individually certified by Underwriters Laboratory (UL) in addition
to the entire machine being UL certified. The four back-plate modules are located behind the same exterior panel and can easily be accessed
by an authorized service technician. If a module is diagnosed with a problem, the entire module is removed by unplugging the wiring harness
connectors, unscrewing four (4) nuts, removing the module and simply installing a new module, which takes five to ten minutes to
complete. The defective module is then returned to ScanTech for detailed troubleshooting, evaluation and if economical, repair. Likewise,
X-ray generators are a modular monoblock design hermetically enclosing the X-ray tube, high-voltage power supply, collimator, and cooling
system. The replacement of an X-ray generator takes less than an hour as the monoblock is mounted on a factory laser- aligned mounting
frame. The monoblock is removed by unbolting four (4) bolts plus two (2) connectors. Simply remove and replace the unit with
a new X-ray monoblock and the system is ready to scan. No alignment of the X-ray monoblock is required because of the pre-aligned precision
of the X-ray generator and detector array mounting frames, so an X-ray monoblock change out is simply a pull-plug-scan
service call. Detector Arrays can also be easily replaced. Each array is a modular unit mounted on a precision mounting bracket or frame.
To replace the detector board(s), one must merely remove the access plate(s), unplug the communication & power connectors, remove
the array bracket or frame, and repeat the process to reinstall. SENTINELs modular design provides a low-cost component upgrade
path, reduced system downtime, faster field service and troubleshooting, and lower maintenance costs.

2

SENTINEL Scanner Operation

In similar fashion to current
protocols at aviation checkpoint security stations, carry-on baggage and other approved carry-on items are
loaded onto the SENTINELs conveyor and queued for scanning through the systems tunnel. Once loaded onto the conveyor belt,
each item passes through the systems X-ray inspection tunnel, and within a matter of seconds, reappears at the opposite end. Instead
of a rotating gantry, SENTINELs four fixed independent and synchronized X-ray sources project X-ray images of scanned items onto
the systems four independent arrays of detectors where various signatures associated with the materials the X-rays interact with
inside of the tunnel are measured or calculated. Advanced and proprietary algorithms provide highly reliable automatic threat detection,
not only differentiating between threatening and non-threatening materials, but also specifically identifying the items as benign (such
as face cream,) or dangerous (such as explosives), as well as drugs and other hazardous materials. During a scan, four separate high-definition
visual images are generated and displayed on the systems high definition monitor. Operators can access vertical, horizontal and
45o snapshots of each item being scanned and will also be able to access a 3D reconstructed image of the scanned item. This supplies
the operator with the necessary visual tools to identify threats which otherwise would be difficult to distinguish. During the inspection
process, the image scrolls in the direction of conveyor travel to simulate the conveyor moving a target through the inspection tunnel.
The system provides real time storage of a selectable number of individual scanned items, which are maintained in a historical memory
buffer depicted at the bottom of the screen. Touch screen access allows screeners to easily move back and forth between items in the
systems immediate memory. In addition, item scans can easily be saved to permanent storage and subsequently re-loaded and analyzed
as if the scan was just made. SENTINEL also has the ability to wirelessly transmit large bits of data in real time to any number of on-
and off-site ancillary locations. Systems can be connected to a network in a matrix networked architecture allowing remote system threat
reporting and operation, remote management of diagnostics, remote reporting of operator performance, remote handling of the data of interest
and even remote and automatic software upgrades. Any supervisor, manager or regulatory agency, and any number of other off-site personnel
can look in on any particular system in action as dictated by conduct of operations.

SENTINEL systems are based on
the companys proprietary fixed-gantry CT technology, which employs four fixed X-ray generators and detector arrays to create a
three-dimensional visualization of the object being scanned. Each generator/detector array is optimally configured to provide planar
projections that significantly expand the robustness, reliability and repeatability of image data and volumetric reconstruction to improve
the discrimination and interrogation of threat materials and hidden objects.

While nearly identical in size
and overall appearance to traditional rotating-gantry scanners, we believe that SENTINEL has several important advantages, including
modular design, improved image quality, increased throughput, operation on simple 120V power and plug and play installation.

Our proprietary operator-friendly
SENTINEL software, which includes modules that we refer to as Automatic Threat Identification and Ray Trace Biopsy, enables SENTINEL
to automatically identify materials and substances hidden inside a scanned bag or parcel, by measuring X-ray attenuation data and calculating
Zeff number and mass densities by volumetric element and then comparing these calculated values to values of known materials. Potential
threat materials are then highlighted on the operators screen and flagged for further action by a screener. ATI and RTB data can
be provided to the operator or alternatively directed to remote auxiliary viewing or centralized monitoring stations.

SENTINEL successfully completed
TSAs Tier 2 Explosive Detection Standard testing in March 2018. Our application for APSS 6.2 certification is in advanced
stages, and we currently anticipate receiving APSS 6.2 certification in the first quarter of 2025. We were invited by ECAC to submit
SENTINEL for ECAC certification in 2021, and we expect to commence EDSCB certification testing and receive certification in early 2024.
We have applied for certification of our SENTINEL CT scanner for placement on TSAs Air Cargo Screening Technology List as a small
bore air cargo visual inspection system for inspecting small parcels and packages, and expect to receive such certification in late 2025.
We are also designing and developing a large bore fixed gantry CT scanner for air cargo screening of break-bulk cargo and larger packages
and parcels, and except to receive ACSTL certification of this scanner in 2025.

3

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

Following is a discussion about
the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements.

For a description of our significant
accounting policies, see Note 3 in our amended and restated audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022, and Note 2 in our unaudited financial statements for the period ending June 30, 2024.

Of these policies, the following
are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective
and the most complex judgments: Use of estimates, Fair value measurements, Inventories, Revenue recognition and Research and Development.

For a discussion of recently
adopted accounting standards, see Note 3 in our amended and restated audited financial statements for the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, and Note 2 in our unaudited financial statements for the period ending June 30, 2024.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The Company bases its estimates on historical
experience, known or expected trends, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information
available as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these
estimates.

Fair Value Measurement

Fair value is defined as the
exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. Applicable accounting
guidance provides an established hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes
the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that
market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent
of us. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the factors that market participants would use in valuing the
asset or liability. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:

Level
1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
entity has the ability to access.

Level
2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as
quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets and liabilities.

Level
3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant
to the fair value of the assets and liabilities.

Assets and liabilities measured
at fair value are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company reviews
the fair value hierarchy classification on an as needed basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification
of levels for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. The Company recognizes transfers into and out of levels within the
fair value hierarchy in the appropriate period in which the actual event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer to occur.

Unless otherwise disclosed, the
fair value of the Companys financial instruments, including cash, prepaid expenses and other current assets, R&D tax credit
receivable, accounts and other payables, accrued expenses, related parties payable, short-term bank borrowings, and current finance lease
liabilities, approximate their recorded values due to their short-term maturities.

4

Inventories

Inventory is valued at the lower
of cost or net realizable value. Costs include materials and direct labor on a first-in-first-out basis. We review inventory quantities
on hand and record provisions for estimated excess, slow moving, and obsolete inventory. The evaluation of the carrying value of our
inventories takes into consideration such factors as historical and anticipated future sales compared to quantities on hand and the prices
we expect to obtain for products. We adjust excess and obsolete inventories to net realizable value, and write-downs of excess and obsolete
inventories are recorded as a component of cost of revenues. For more detail on inventories, see Note 3 in our amended and restated audited
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and Note 2 in our unaudited financial statements for the period
ending June 30, 2024.

Revenue Recognition

The Companys revenues
are derived primarily from the sale of hardware. The Company recognizes its revenues net of any value-added or sales tax.

The Company expects to sell a
high proportion of its baggage scanning systems to a limited number of distributor customers. Baggage scanning systems including fixed
gantry detector and image-processing units and conveyance systems are sold as a combined baggage scanning system. Training services designed
to enable distributor customers to service baggage scanning systems they sell to end users of such systems. Distributor agreements also
include a three percent restocking fee which is applicable until control of goods transfers (at shipping point).

The Company determines revenue
recognition through the following steps:

Identification
of the contract, or contracts, with a customer

Identification
of the performance obligations in the contract

Determination
of the transaction price

Allocation
of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract

Recognition
of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied. Contracts and Performance
Obligations

The Company accounts for a contract
with a customer when there is an approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are
identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of the consideration is probable. The Companys performance
obligations consist mainly of transferring control of products identified in the contracts or purchase orders. For each contract, the
Company considers the obligation to transfer products and services to the customer, which are distinct, to be performance obligations.

Transaction Price and Allocation
to Performance Obligation. Transaction prices of products or services are typically based on contracted rates.

If a contract contains a single
performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple
performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the
promised products or services underlying each performance obligation. The Company determines standalone selling prices based on the price
at which the performance obligation could be sold separately.

Recognition of Revenue

Revenue is recognized when, or
as, obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied, which occurs when control of the promised products or services is transferred
to customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products
or services to a customer.

5

Product revenue is generally
recognized when the customer obtains control of the Companys product, which occurs at a point in time, upon shipment based on
criteria evaluated below:

The
customer does not simultaneously receive and consumes the benefits provided by the entitys
performance as the entity performs.

The
Companys performance does not create or enhance an asset that the customer controls
as the asset is created or enhanced.

The
Companys performance creates an asset with an alternative use to the entity.

Principal vs. Agent

When our products and services
are sold to distributors, during the sales process, we assess whether or not we are acting as a principal or an agent in the arrangement.
The assessment is based on whether we control the specified products and services at any time before they are transferred to the customer.
We have determined that in our transactions with distributors, we act as a principal based on criteria evaluated below:

The
entity is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good
or service.

The
entity has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a
customer or after transfer of control to the customer.

The
entity has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. Establishing
the price that the customer pays for the specified good or service may indicate that the
entity has the ability to direct the use of that good or service and obtain substantially
all of the remaining benefits.

We act as principal in all transactions
and thus record the gross amount earned within total revenue.

Restocking fees

Restocking fees for goods expected
to be returned are included in the estimate of the transaction price at contract inception and recorded as revenue when control of the
good transfers. Restocking costs are recorded as a reduction of the amount of the return asset when control of the good is transferred
to the customer. There were no goods expected to be returned at contract inception.

Disaggregation of Revenue

Revenue is disaggregated from
contracts between geography and by reportable operating segment, which the Company believes best depicts how the nature, amount, timing,
and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors.

Contract Balances

Contract liabilities are included
within the deferred revenues in the Balance Sheets. The Company does not have any material contract assets.

Deferred revenue represents the
Companys obligation to transfer goods or services to its customers for which it has already received consideration (or the amount
is due) from the customer. The Companys deferred revenue balance primarily relates to contract advances.

Deferred revenue that is estimated
to be recognized during the following twelve-month period is recorded as deferred revenues in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The Company recorded its first
revenue from contracts with customers during the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, and had no revenue from contracts with
customers in the three and six months ended June 30, 2023.

The Company did not recognize
any revenue from contracts with customers during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

6

Research and Development

Research and development costs
for prototype scanning machines were expensed as incurred because they have no alternative future use beyond their current testing programs
and therefore no economic benefit in the future. Labor costs, including salaries, employee benefits, payroll taxes, third-party contractor
expenses, were expensed as incurred.

Components of Results of Operations

We have not been profitable since
inception, and as of June 30, 2024, our accumulated deficit was $(184.4) million and as of December 31, 2023, our accumulated
deficit was $(159.2) million. Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through different forms of debt, primarily promissory
notes.

Operating expenses primarily include
general and administrative, which includes payroll, and research and development expense. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the largest component of our operating expenses is general and administrative which has increased meaningfully in the last twelve
months resulting primarily from expenses related to capital markets activities for the business combination.

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating expenses were $2.2 million $2.9 million, respectively, an decrease of 24% during the period.

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, operating expenses were and $6.5 million and $6.0 million, respectively, an increase of 8% during the period.

Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 2023 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses $ 1,378,388 $ 2,142,618 

Research and development expenses 814,539 778,680 

Depreciation and amortization 8,137 8,668 

Total operating expenses $ 2,201,064 $ 2,929,966 

Nine Months Ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses $ 3,863,403 $ 3,523,743 

Research and development expenses 2,604,500 2,464,306 

Depreciation and amortization 24,376 28,733 

Total operating expenses $ 6,492,279 $ 6,016,782 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 

2023 2022 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses $ 6,283,770 $ 1,503,506 

Research and development expenses 3,285,925 2,894,864 

Depreciation and amortization 36,634 52,545 

Total operating expenses $ 9,559,329 $ 4,450,915 

7

Research and Development Expense

Research and development expenses
consist primarily of engineering and regulatory activities.

8

We expense R&D costs as incurred.
We recognize expenses for certain development activities, such as software and hardware development and manufacturing, based on an evaluation
of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data or other information provided to us by our vendors. Payments for these activities
are based on the terms of the individual agreements, which may differ from the pattern of expenses incurred. Nonrefundable advance payments
for goods or services to be received in the future for use in R&D activities are recorded as prepaid expenses. These amounts are
recognized as an expense as the goods are delivered or the related services are performed, or until it is no longer expected that the
goods will be delivered, or the services rendered. R&D activities account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. We
expect our R&D expenses to increase significantly in future periods as we continue to implement our business strategy, which includes
advancing our business plan, expanding our R&D efforts, including hiring additional personnel to support our R&D efforts, and
seeking regulatory approvals.

General and Administrative Expense

General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel, as well as the
costs of information technology, professional services, insurance, travel, and other administrative expenses. We expect to invest in
our corporate organization and incur additional expenses associated with transitioning to, and operating as, a public company, including
increased legal, audit, tax and accounting costs, investor relations costs, higher insurance premiums and compliance costs. As a result,
we expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars in future periods. General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel, as well as the
costs of information technology, professional services, insurance, travel, and other administrative expenses.

We expect to invest in our corporate
organization and incur additional expenses associated with transitioning to, and operating as, a public company, including increased
legal, audit, tax and accounting costs, investor relations costs, higher insurance premiums and compliance costs. As a result, we expect
that general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars in future periods.

Interest Expense

Interest expense consists of
accrued and unpaid interest, including default interest, due on the Companys outstanding promissory notes. Interest expense consists
of accrued and unpaid interest, including default interest, due on the Companys outstanding promissory notes.

Results of Operations

The results of operations presented
below should be reviewed in conjunction with ScanTechs unaudited financial statements as of three and six months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, and audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and other information included elsewhere
in this proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation.

The following table sets forth
our statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022 and the change between the two periods.

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net loss was
$(23.4) million and $(7.9) million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net loss was $(47.6)
million and $(23.1) million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, our net loss was $(35.4) million and
$(15.3) million, respectively. Our net losses during the respective periods all widened primarily resulting from an increase in all of
our key operating expense line items. Our general and administrative expenses increased year over year primarily resulting from an increase
in expenses related to the business combination, as well as additional costs associated with parts and labor associated with our Visiontec
order. Changes in interest expense (increases year over year due to more debt and interest) and fair value changes in our warrant and
derivative liabilities also impacted year over year results.

9

Twelve
Months Ended 

December 31, 

2023 2022 

Other income (expense): 

Interest
expense $ (10,251,094 ) $ (8,682,782 )

Change in fair value
of derivative liabilities 649,244 (281,845 )

Change in fair value
of warrant liabilities (16,371,612 ) (1,873,658 )

Gains
from extinguishment of debt 9,712 

Total other income
(expense): $ (25,973,462 ) $ (10,828,573 )

Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 2023 

Interest expense $ (3,249,134 ) $ (2,627,510 )

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities (529,546 ) 281,783 )

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (17,452,684 ) (2,638,645 )

Other income (expense), net ) 

Total other income (expense): $ (21,231,364 ) $ (4,984,372 )

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 2023 

Interest expense $ (9,106,317 ) $ (7,427,555 )

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities (1,104,939 ) (1,605,819 )

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (13,478,661 ) (14,120,580 )

Other income (expense), net. (16,176 ) 

Total other income (expense): $ (19,927,413 ) $ (23,153,954 )

General and Administrative Expense

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, general and administrative costs were $1.3 million and $2.1 million, respectively, a year over year
increase of 38%. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, general and administrative costs were $3.9 million and
$3.5 million, respectively, an increase of 11% during the period. The increase during these periods was primarily due to an increase in
expenses attributable to transaction related expenses in the form of professional services related to the business combination as well
as expenses related to the Companys production and delivery of units under its Visiontec order.

During years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, general and administrative costs were $6.3 million and $1.5 million, respectively, a year over year increase of 320% during
the period.

The increase during the comparable
periods ended December 31, 2023 was due primarily to increased salary and overhead adjustments during the period.

In addition, during the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the majority of the increase in expenses is attributable to an increase in transaction related
expenses in the form of professional services related to the business combination. During the prior year period the Company was not involved
in capital markets activities so our general and administrative expense was primarily for personnel expenses, travel and related costs.

Research and Development Expense

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, research and development expenses were $0.8 million and $0.8 million respectively, with not a meaningful
change year over year.

10

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, research and development expenses were $2.6 million and $2.4 million, respectively, a 6% increase.

During the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, research and development expenses were $3.2 million and $2.9 million, respectively, a 7% increase during the period.

The increase in research and development
expense was attributable primarily to an increase in investment in the Companys artificial intelligence software and continued
investment in its proprietary algorithms with the anticipation of filing additional patents in the future.

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization
was $0.008 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and $0.008 million for the three months ended September 30,
2023, a zero% decrease year over year. The change on an absolute basis was not meaningful.

Depreciation and amortization
was $0.024 million and $0.028 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a 7% decrease year over
year. The change on an absolute basis was not meaningful.

Depreciation and amortization
was $0.04 million for year ended December 31, 2023, which was not a meaningful change compared to the year ended December 31,
2022.

Interest Expense

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense was $(3.2) million and $(2.6) million, respectively, a 20% increase year over year.

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, interest expense was $(9.1) million and $(7.4) million, respectively, a 22% increase year over year.

During the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, interest expense was $(10.2) million and $(8.7) million, an increase of 17% during the period.

Interest expense during the periods
includes all interest and any penalties including default interest accrued on our outstanding promissory notes. Some of
our promissory notes that are in default are accruing default interest, which we characterize here as penalties. Interest
expense in the relevant periods also increased resulting from an increase in the balance of our outstanding principal indebtedness particularly
from Seaport during the periods.

Other Expense

Other expense during the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was $(0.5) million and $(6.9) million, a decrease of 93% during the period. During the period,
the change in fair value of the warrant liability decreased 93%, accounting for the majority of the change during the period.

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, other expenses were $(14.1) million and $(13.4) million, a change of 5% during the period.

Other expense during the years
ended December 31, 2023 was $(26.0) million and $(10.8) million, respectively, an increase of 142%. During the period, warrant liabilities
increased 773%, the primary driver of the increase in other expense.

Trend Information

Other than as disclosed elsewhere
in this proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events
that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our revenues, net income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that
would cause reported financial information not necessarily to be indicative of future operating results or financial condition.

11

Liquidity and Capital Resources

To date, we have financed
our operations primarily through the issuance of debt. Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses and
negative cash flows. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $(184.4) million and
$(159.2) million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Companys liabilities were
significantly greater than its assets.

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, we had cash of $0.1 million and $0.3 million respectively

We may not receive sufficient
proceeds from the Business Combination to fund our operating expenses until at least 12 months after the date of our audited financial
statements included in this proxy statement/ prospectus/consent solicitation. As a result of the foregoing, management has determined
that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

In addition, on May 18,
2023, Catalytic Holdings I LLC was awarded summary judgement against the Company in Company Kings County New York state court. On July 14,
2023, Catalytic noticed ScanTech that it would be presenting the court a proposed order for settlement of its summary judgement, scheduled
with the court on August 7, 2023. The proposed order was in the amount of $1,563,796 in satisfaction of Catalytics indebtedness
with the Company. On September 7, 2023, the court granted Catalytic both the order and judgement amount of $1,563,796 plus accruing
interest at a rate of 12% per annum from October 6, 2020. To date, this judgement has not had a meaningful impact on our liquidity
or ability to obtain financing, although it could do so in the future.

We expect to incur significant
expenses in connection with our ongoing activities as we continue to implement our business strategy. We will need additional funding
in connection with these activities. Our future funding requirements, both short-term and long-term, will depend on many factors, including
the level of sales, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of our spending to support our research
and development efforts, investments in infrastructure, operating costs, expansion into other markets, and the costs of operating as
a public company (including hiring additional personnel as well as increased director and officer insurance premiums, audit and legal
fees, investor relations fees and expenses related to compliance with public company reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and
rules implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq).

For the foreseeable future, we
expect to continue financing our operations through the sale of equity, debt, borrowings under credit facilities or through potential
collaborations with other companies, other strategic transactions or government or other grants. Adequate capital may not be available
to us when needed or on acceptable terms. We do not currently have any committed external source of funds beyond the Business Combination.
To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our
shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the
rights of shareholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions or capital expenditures.
Debt financing would also result in fixed payment obligations. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings
or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce, suspend or cease our research and development programs or any
future commercialization efforts, which would have a negative impact on our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.
See the section entitled Risk Factors for additional risks associated with our substantial capital requirements.

Our operating losses raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the financial statements are issued or available to
be issued. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial
statements as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 with respect to this uncertainty.

12

We currently have almost no
cash resources and significantly greater current liabilities than current assets. For approximately 36 months, the majority of our
funding has been advances from Seaport Group SIBS LLC, an affiliate of Seaport Global Asset Management, LLC
(Seaport). Should Seaport cease to make such advances prior to us obtaining other sources of financing
sufficient to pay its expenses and current liabilities, we would be unable to continue in business. Seaport may, at any time,
terminate its funding arrangements and/or demand repayment of its advances, which amounted to approximately $14.7 million including
accrued interest and principal as of September 30, 2024. Although we expect to enter into a term loan facility with Seaport, there
can be no assurance that we will do so. In addition to the loan repayment obligations to Seaport, Seaport has the ability, for a
nominal amount, to purchase Series B Units of ScanTech. As of June 30, 2024, Seaport had the right to acquire
approximately 70% of the Series B Units of ScanTech as of such date. In addition to the obligation to repay Seaport, the
Company has significant other current obligations, including, without limitation, approximately $6.0 million owed to the IRS with
respect to unpaid employment taxes.

Seaport has agreed in principle
with both Mars and ScanTech to exchange its current secured promissory note for long-term senior secured debt upon the consummation of
the business combination. Documentation for the specific terms of this new long-term indebtedness has not yet been prepared and finalized
by the parties.

ScanTech has issued several promissory
notes to Azure LLC and NACS LLC, entities controlled by John Redmond, chairman of ScanTechs board of directors. As of June 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately $57.7 million and $54.3 million of principal and interest was accrued under these notes.
Azure and NACS have agreed to convert their existing indebtedness to equity upon the consummation of the Business Combination and to
cancel any of their warrants at the time of the consummation, but the specific terms of such conversion have not yet been agreed upon.
It is finalizing the terms of a conversion agreement with Catalytic and Bay Point. If ScanTech is unable to secure all of these conversion
agreements, it will be difficult to consummate the Business Combination.

Historically, we have financed
operations primarily through cash generated from debt offerings and equity raises. Our primary short-term requirements for liquidity
and capital are to fund general working capital and capital expenditures. Our principal long-term working capital uses primarily include
research and development expenses and operational payroll.

As of June 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, our cash balance was $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively.

Our liquidity needs will be dependent
both on the performance of our business and on the amount of proceeds we realize through the Business Combination. If we do not realize
sufficient proceeds from the Business Combination to carry out our business plan or if our business does not perform as we expect, we
may be required to pursue additional financing or take other measures to improve our liquidity. See Risk Factors ScanTech
may require substantial additional funding to finance our operations, but adequate additional financing may not be available when we
need it, on acceptable terms or at all.

Comparison of the Three and Six Months Ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023 and the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022

The following table shows ScanTechs
cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the stated periods (dollars
in millions):

For the

nine months

ended 

September 30, For the

nine months 

ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 Variance 

Operating activities $ (5.1 ) $ (4.1 ) (25) %

Investing activities NM 

Financing activities 4.9 4.0 22 %

13

For the 

year ended

December 31, For the 

year ended

December 31, 

2023 2022 Variance 

Operating activities $ (5.4 ) $ (3.6 ) (50 )%

Investing activities (.005 ) (0.05 ) (100 )%

Financing activities 5.7 3.8 50 %

Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities
for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was $(5.1) million and $(4.0) million, respectively. The increase was primarily
due to an $3.0 million decrease in net income, offset by a $2.0 million increase in fair value of warrant liabilities, and $1.5 million
change in assets and liabilities in the year over year period.

For the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022 net cash used in operations was $(5.4) and $(3.6) million changed by $1.8 million, respectively. The increase was primarily
due to a $20.0 million decrease in net income, offset by an $14 million change in fair value of the Companys outstanding warrants,
$(0.4) million decrease in inventory $(0.7) million decrease in the change in fair value of other derivatives, and a $4.7 million increase
in changes in operating assets and liabilities, which included a $1.2 million increase interest payable to both related and unrelated
parties and $1.0 million increase in accounts payable.

Investing Activities

No meaningful cash was used or
generated during the September 30, 2024 and 2023 three month periods.

Net cash used in investing activities
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $(5,233) and $(53,932), respectively.

Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was $4.9 million and $4.0 million, both driven by proceeds from
new financings. These proceeds were used to fund operational cash needs.

Net cash provided by financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $5.7 million compared to $3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
an increase of $1.9 million due primarily to the same increase in proceeds from new loans.

Indebtedness Conversion

ScanTech is working with its creditors
to secure agreements to convert its existing indebtedness to equity upon the consummation of the Business Combination. ScanTech has secured
agreements from the majority of its Series A investors, Azure, NACS, but the specific terms of such conversion have not yet been
agreed upon. Bay Point has signed a definitive term sheet outlining the terms of its conversion. ScanTech is finalizing the terms of an
additional agreement with Catalytic. If ScanTech is unable to secure all of these conversion agreements it may be difficult to consummate
the Business Combination.

Seaport has agreed with both Mars
and ScanTech to exchange its current secured promissory note for long-term senior secured debt upon the consummation of the business combination.
Documentation for the specific terms of this new long-term indebtedness has not yet been finalized by the parties.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC, over the past three fiscal years, as of June 30, 2024
and for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023.

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex99-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.4

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEETS

September 30,

2023 September 30,

2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash $ 178,793 $ 

Prepaid expenses 149,164 

Investments held in
Trust Account . 72,587,820 

Deferred
offering costs associated with initial public offering 205,260 

Total
Assets $ 72,915,777 $ 205,260 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses $ 16,363 $ 2,224 

Note
payable related party 228,246 

Total
Liabilities 16,363 230,470 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption,
6,900,000 shares at redemption value of $10.52 per share 72,587,820 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Ordinary shares, $0.000125 par value;
800,000,000 shares authorized; 2,392,000
and 1,725,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively(1) 299 216 

Additional paid-in capital 24,784 

Retained
earnings (accumulated deficit) 311,295 (50,210 )

Total
Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 311,594 (25,210 )

Total
Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) $ 72,915,777 $ 205,260 

(1) Excludes
6,900,000 shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2023.

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements.

F-1

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Year ended September
30, 

2023 2022 

Operating Expenses 

General and
administrative costs $ 521,582 $ 2,718 

Net
loss from operations (521,582 ) (2,718 )

Other Income 

Investment income on
Trust Account 2,207,820 

Total other income 2,207,820 

Net income (loss) $ 1,686,238 $ (2,718 )

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Redeemable Ordinary
Shares basic and diluted 4,272,329 

Non-redeemable Ordinary
Shares basic and diluted 2,059,414 1,472,603 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per
share 

Redeemable Ordinary
Shares basic and diluted $ 0.27 $ (0.00 )

Non-redeemable Ordinary
Shares basic and diluted $ 0.27 $ (0.00 )

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements.

F-2

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS
EQUITY (DEFICIT)

ORDINARY SHARES ADDITIONAL

PAID-IN RETAINED

EARNINGS

(ACCUMULATED TOTAL

SHAREHOLDERS 

SHARES AMOUNT CAPITAL DEFICIT) EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Balance September 30,
2021 1,000,000 $ 125 $ $ (47,492 ) $ (47,367 )

Issuance of Founder
shares 725,000 91 24,784 24,875 

Net
loss (2,718 ) (2,718 )

Balance September 30,
2022 1,725,000 216 24,784 (50,210 ) (25,210 )

Issuance of Private
Placement shares 391,000 49 3,909,951 3,910,000 

Issuance of representative
shares 276,000 34 2,724,893 2,724,927 

Fair value of rights 876,833 876,833 

Offering costs (430,921 ) (430,921 )

Remeasurement of
Ordinary Shares subject to redemption (7,105,540 ) (1,324,733 ) (8,430,273 )

Net
income 1,686,238 1,686,238 

Balance 
September 30, 2023 2,392,000 $ 299 $ $ 311,295 $ 311,594 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended September 30, 

2023 2022 

Cash flows from operating
activities 

Net income
(loss) $ 1,686,238 $ (2,718 )

Adjustments to reconcile
net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative
costs paid by related party 2,718 

Investment income received
in Trust Account (2,207,820 ) 

Change in operating
assets and liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 14,139 

Prepaid
Expenses (149,164 ) 

Net
cash used in operating activities (656,607 ) 

Cash flows from investing
activities 

Cash
deposited in Trust Account (70,380,000 ) 

Net
cash used in investing activities (70,380,000 ) 

Cash
flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from note payable
with related party 41,213 143,161 

Payment of deferred
offering costs by related party (168,036 )

Extinguishment of note
payable with related party (269,459 ) 

Payment of underwriting
fee and other offering costs (1,466,354 ) 

Proceeds from sale of
Units in IPO, including over-allotment 69,000,000 

Proceeds
from issuance of Founder shares 3,910,000 24,875 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 71,215,400 

Net increase in cash 178,793 

Cash
beginning of the year 

Cash
end of the year $ 178,793 $ 

Supplemental disclosure
of noncash activities 

Deferred
offering costs included in accrued expenses $ $ 2,224 

Issuance
of representative shares $ 2,724,927 $ 

Reclassification
of offering costs related to public shares $ (243,964 ) $ 

Remeasurement
adjustment on public shares subject to possible redemption $ (8,430,273 ) $ 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS

Mars
Acquisition Corp. (Mars) is a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated as a blank check company on April 23, 2021.
Mars was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses (Business Combination). Although Mars is not limited to a particular industry
or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, Mars intends to focus on opportunities in cryptocurrency and
blockchain, automobiles, healthcare, financial technology, cyber security, cleantech, software, Internet and artificial intelligence,
specialty manufacturing and any other related technology innovations market. On September 5, 2023, a Business Combination Agreement
was entered into by Mars and ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC (ScanTech), among others (see Note 6).

At
September 30, 2023, Mars had not yet commenced operations. All activity through September 30, 2023 relates to Mars formation
and initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering or IPO), which is described below. Mars will not
generate any operating revenues until after the completion of an initial Business Combination, at the earliest. Mars will generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. Mars has selected September 30
as its fiscal year end date.

The
registration statement for Mars Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 9, 2023. On February 16,
2023, Mars consummated its Initial Public Offering of 6,900,000 Units (Units and, with respect to the Ordinary Shares included
in the Units being offered, the Public Shares) at $10.00 per Unit, including 900,000 Units that were issued pursuant to
the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of $69,000,000.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, Mars consummated the Private Placement (Private Placement) of 391,000
Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit to Mars sponsor, Mars Capital Holding Corporation, a British Virgin Islands company (Sponsor),
generating gross proceeds of $3,910,000 (see Note 4).

Offering
costs amounted to $4,398,891 consisting of $1,430,000 of cash underwriting fees, non-cash underwriting fees of $2,724,927 represented
by the fair value of 276,000 representative shares issued to the underwriter (see Note 6), and $243,964 of other offering costs.

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, $70,380,000 of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account) and may be invested by the
trustee only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S.
Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, and will not be released from the Trust
Account until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account.

Mars
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and Private
Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
Mars initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at
least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on interest earned in the Trust Account) at the time Mars
signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, Mars will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act.

F-5

Mars
will provide holders of its Public Shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to
approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether Mars will seek shareholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by Mars, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially approximately $10.20 per share,
plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to Mars to pay its tax obligations).

If
a shareholder vote is not required and Mars does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, Mars will,
pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

(1) conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which
regulate issuer tender offers; and

(2) file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination
which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business
Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Such
provisions may be amended if a special resolution passed by holders of at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares
who, being entitled to do so, attend and vote at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution
as a special resolution has been given or by way of unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Whether or not Mars maintains
its registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, Mars will provide its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares by one of the two methods listed above. Upon the public announcement of our initial Business Combination, if Mars
elects to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, Mars or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance
with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Ordinary Shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
Act.

In
the event Mars conducts redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business
days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and Mars will not be permitted to complete its initial Business
Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on Public Shareholders
not tendering more than a specified number of Public Shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our
Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon
consummation of our initial Business Combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject
to the SECs penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the
agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. If the Public Shareholders tender more shares than Mars has offered to purchase,
Mars will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial Business Combination.

If,
however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or Mars decides to obtain
shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, Mars will conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules;
and file proxy materials with the SEC.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if Mars seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and Mars does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public
Shares without the Mars prior written consent.

F-6

Mars
will have only 12 months from the closing of this offering (or 18 months from the closing of this offering, if Mars extends the period
of time to consummate a Business Combination) to complete its initial Business Combination. If Mars is unable to complete its initial
Business Combination within such 12-month period (or 18-month period), Mars will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes (less up to $50,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law.

Mars
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with Mars, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial Business
Combination. In addition, Mars initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if Mars fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed
time frame. However, if Mars Sponsor or any of its officers, directors or affiliates acquires Public Shares in or after this offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if Mars fails to complete
its initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.

Liquidity
and managements plan

In
connection with Marss assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU)
2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management believes
that the funds which Mars has available following the completion of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement may not be enough
to sustain operations for a period of one year from the issuance date of these financial statements. If Mars is unable to complete the
Extension or the Business Combination due to a lack of sufficient funds, Mars may be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust
Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, Mars may need to obtain additional financing
in order to meet our obligations. There is no assurance that Mars plans to consummate a business combination will be successful
within the Combination Period as described above. As a result, there is substantial doubt about the entitys ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statement are issued or are available to be issued. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty.

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis
of presentation

The
accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. In the opinion of management, all adjustments,
consisting of normal recurring accruals, considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the period
from October 1, 2022 through September 30, 2023 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
period ending September 30, 2023, or any future period.

Cash
and cash equivalents

Mars
considers all short-term investments with an initial maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of September 30,
2023 and September 30, 2022, there were $178,793 and $0 of cash and cash equivalents, respectively.

F-7

Investments
in Trust Account

The
funds held in the Trust Account can be invested in United States government treasury bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended, until the earlier of the consummation of its first business combination and Mars failure to consummate a
business combination within 12 months (or 18 months as applicable) from the consummation of the IPO.

Mars
investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at
fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of investments held in Trust
Account are included in investment income on Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of
investments held in Trust Account are determined using available market information (see Note 8).

As
of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, Mars had $72,587,820 and $0 held in the Trust Account, respectively.

Emerging
growth company

Mars
is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities
Act), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes- Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further,
section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. Mars has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, Mars, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the
time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of Mars financial statements with another
public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.

Use
of estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates.

F-8

Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption

The
Company accounts for its Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Conditionally redeemable Ordinary Shares (including
Ordinary Shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within the Companys control) are classified as temporary equity. The Companys Public Shares
feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Companys control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2023, Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption
value of $10.52 per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Companys balance sheet.
The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Ordinary Shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Ordinary
Shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or retained earnings (accumulated deficit) if additional paid in capital
equals to zero.

Offering
costs associated with the Initial Public Offering

Mars
complies with the requirements of the Financial Accounting Standard Board (the FASB) ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offerings. Offering costs, consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other
costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering, were charged to shareholders
equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering.

Mars
allocates offering costs between Public Shares, public warrants and public rights based on the estimated fair values of them at the date
of issuance.

Deferred
offering costs

Deferred
offering costs consist of costs incurred in connection with preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the
underwriting discounts and commissions, were be charged to additional paid in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering.
As of September 30, 2022, Mars had deferred offering costs of $205,260. Upon consummation of the IPO on February 16, 2023,
total offering costs related to the IPO were $4,398,891, and were allocated between the Public Shares and public rights based on their
relative fair values at the date of issuance. Accordingly, $2,724,927 was allocated to the Public Shares and charged to temporary equity
(see Note 3).

Income
taxes

Mars
complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability
approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based
on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances
are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.

Mars
management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Mars only major tax jurisdiction. There is currently no taxation imposed
on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on Mars.
Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Mars financial statement. Mars management does not expect that the
total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.

Net
income (loss) per share

Mars
complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per share
is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of Ordinary Shares outstanding during the period. Mars applies the two-class
method in calculating income (loss) per ordinary share. At September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, Mars did not have any
dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of Ordinary Shares and then shares
in the earnings of Mars. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented.

F-9

The
following tables reflect the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts):

For the years ended September 30, 

2023 2023 2022 

Ordinary 

Shares

Subject to

Redemption Ordinary

Shares Not

Subject to

Redemption Ordinary

Shares Not

Subject to

Redemption 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Numerator: 

Allocation
of net income (loss) $ 1,137,785 $ 548,453 $ (2,718 )

Denominator 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares
outstanding 4,272,329 2,059,414 1,472,603 

Basic and diluted net
income per share $ 0.27 $ 0.27 $ (0.00 )

Fair
value of financial instruments

See
Note 8 for discussion of short-term marketable securities. The fair value of Mars assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial
instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented
in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid to transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. US GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:

Level
1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments
in active markets;

Level
2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly
or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets
or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and

Level
3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring
an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques
in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.

Recent
accounting pronouncements

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have an
effect on the Mars financial statement.

Concentration
of credit risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject Mars to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which,
at times may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. Mars has not experienced losses on these accounts and management
believes Mars is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.

NOTE
3 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

On
February 16, 2023, Mars consummated its Initial Public Offering of 6,900,000 Units, including 900,000 Units that were issued pursuant
to the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds to Mars of $69,000,000.

F-10

Each
Unit consists of one ordinary share and one right to receive two-tenths (2/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of our initial
Business Combination (Right). The holder must hold Rights in multiples of 5 in order to receive shares for all of their
Rights upon closing of a Business Combination (see Note 7).

All
of the 6,900,000 public shares sold as part of the public Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of such public shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and
in connection with certain amendments to Mars amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with Mars
liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staffs guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC
480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of Mars require Ordinary Shares subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity.

As
of September 30, 2023, the Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following
table.

Gross proceeds $ 69,000,000 

Proceeds allocated to public rights (876,833 )

Offering costs allocated to Ordinary Shares
subject to possible redemption (3,965,620 )

Remeasurement of Ordinary
Shares subject to possible redemption 8,430,273 

Ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption $ 72,587,820 

NOTE
4 PRIVATE PLACEMENT

On
February 16, 2023, Mars sold 391,000 Private Placement Units, including 36,000 Private Placement Units that were issued pursuant
to the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $3,910,000 in
the Private Placement. The proceeds from the Private Placement were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the
Trust Account. Mars will have until 12 months (or 18 months as applicable) from the closing of this Initial Public Offering to consummate
a Business Combination (the Combination Period). If Mars does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the Rights contained within the Private Placement Units will expire worthless.

NOTE
5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder
shares

During
the period ended September 30, 2021, Mars issued 1,000,000 shares to the Sponsor at par value (Founder Shares). On
October 20, 2021, Mars issued an additional 138,500 Founder Shares to the Sponsor to bring the aggregate owned by the Sponsor up
to 1,138,500 Founder Shares. On the same day, Mars issued 586,500 Founder Shares to officers and directors of Mars. As of September 30,
2023, and September 30, 2022, there were 1,725,000 Founder Shares outstanding.

Mars
initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) six
months after the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination; or (ii) the date on which Mars consummates a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange, or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares
for cash, securities, or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our
initial shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Ordinary Shares equals
or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalization, and the like) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 60 days after our initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will no
longer be subject to such transfer restrictions.

F-11

Note
payable

Mars
Sponsor had agreed to loan Mars up to $300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering (the Note).
The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured, and was due on the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2022,
the outstanding balance of note payable to the affiliate was $228,246, and no interest was accrued. As of February 16, 2023, the
Sponsor agreed to apply the Note in its entirety to the Private Placement with Mars, and the note was extinguished.

Working
capital loans

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
Mars directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan Mars funds as may be required (Working Capital Loans).
If Mars completes a Business Combination, Mars would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to Mars. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business
Combination does not close, Mars may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but
no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans
would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders discretion, up to $1,500,000
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per Unit. The
Units would be identical to the Private Placement Units.

Administrative
service fee

Mars
initially had an informal agreement (the Administrative Services Agreement) to pay affiliates of the Sponsor for office
space, utilities, secretarial, and administrative support of $15,000 per month which was paid through May 2023 for a total of $60,000
during the year ended September 30, 2023. Subsequent to May 2023, we have not paid any amounts under this informal agreement
and the affiliates have chosen not to seek compensation for such support.

NOTE
6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Registration
rights

The
holders of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Units are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
signed February 16, 2023. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that Mars register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to
registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. Mars will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting
agreement

Mars
had engaged Maxim Group LLC (Maxim) as its underwriter. Mars granted the underwriters a 45- day option until March 26,
2023 to purchase up to 900,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On February 16, 2023, the underwriters fully exercised this option in respect of 900,000 Units.

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $1,380,000 in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering.

Representative
shares

Mars
has issued to Maxim and/or its designees, 276,000 shares of Ordinary Shares upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the
Representative Shares). Mars accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost associated with the Initial Public
Offering, with a corresponding credit to shareholders equity. Mars estimated the fair value of the Representative Shares to be
$2,724,927. Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any such shares until the completion of the Business Combination. In addition,
Maxim has agreed: (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Business
Combination; and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if Mars
fails to complete its Business Combination within 12 months (or 18 months, as applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering.

F-12

The
shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and were therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following
the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of
FINRAs NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities were not to be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person prior
to August 8, 2023, nor were they sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated prior to August 8, 2023 except to any
underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners.

Subject
to certain conditions, Mars granted Maxim, for a period beginning on February 16, 2023 and ending 12 months after the date of the
consummation of the Business Combination, a right of first refusal to act as book-running managing underwriter or placement agent for
any and all future public and private equity, equity-linked, convertible and debt offerings for Mars or any of its successors or subsidiaries.
In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from February 9,
2023.

Business
Combination Agreement

On
September 5, 2023, Mars entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement) with ScanTech
AI Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mars (Pubco), Mars Merger Sub I Corp., a Cayman
Islands exempted company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mars (Purchaser Merger Sub), Mars Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub), ScanTech Identification Beam Systems,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (ScanTech), and Dolan Falconer in the capacity as the representative (the Seller
Representative). The aggregate consideration to be paid to ScanTech shall be a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock with an
aggregate value equal to one hundred ten million U.S. Dollars ($110,000,000) minus the closing net debt as set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement. Additionally, after the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement,
the ScanTech Holder Participants will have the contingent right to receive up to a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to ten
percent (10%) of the fully diluted shares of Pubco Common Stock outstanding immediately following the Closing (subject to adjustment
based on stock splits and similar events) based on Pubcos achievement of certain milestones, including commercial milestones and
revenue and EBITDA milestones, as more particularly set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

The
Closing is subject to certain customary conditions. For a more detailed description of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions
contemplated therein, see Mars Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2023 (the Form 8-K).

NOTE
7 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Ordinary
Shares Mars is authorized to issue 800,000,000 Ordinary Shares with a par value of $0.000125 per share. Holders
of Mars Ordinary Shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, there
were 2,392,000 and 1,725,000 Ordinary Shares outstanding, respectively.

Rights
Each holder of a Right will automatically receive two-tenths (2/10) of one share of Ordinary Shares upon consummation
of a Business Combination, except in cases where Mars not the surviving company in a Business Combination, and even if the holder of
such Right redeemed all shares of Ordinary Shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No additional consideration will
be required to be paid by a holder of a Right in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination,
as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering.
If Mars enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which Mars will not be the surviving entity, the definitive
agreement will provide for the holders of Right to receive the same per share consideration the holders of shares of Ordinary Shares
will receive in the transaction on an as-exchanged for Ordinary Shares basis, and each holder of a Right will be required to affirmatively
exchange its Rights in order to receive the 2/10 share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation
of a Business Combination. More specifically, the Rights holder will be required to indicate its election to exchange the Right for the
underlying shares within a fixed period of time after which period the Rights will expire worthless.

F-13

Pursuant
to the Rights agreement, a Rights holder may exchange Rights only for a whole number of shares of Ordinary Shares. This means that Mars
will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Rights, and Rights may be exchanged only in multiples of 5 Rights
(subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalization and the like). Fractional shares will either
be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Cayman Islands
Law.

If
Mars is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and Mars liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account,
holders of Rights will not receive any such funds with respect to their Rights, nor will they receive any distribution from Mars
assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Rights, and the Rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual
penalties for failure to deliver securities to holders of the Rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no
event will Mars be required to net cash settle the Rights. Accordingly, the Rights may expire worthless.

NOTE
8 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
following table presents information about the Mars assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30,
2023 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs Mars utilized to determine such fair value:

Description Level September 30,
2023 September 30,
2022 

Assets: 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 1 $ 72,587,820 $ 

Except
for the foregoing, Mars does not have any assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2023 and September 30,
2022, respectively.

NOTE
9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Mars
evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date, up to the date that the financial statements
were issued. Mars did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

F-14

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

PART I FINANCIAL
INFORMATION

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEETS

June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash $ 206,762 $ 178,793 

Prepaid expenses 57,792 149,164 

Investments held in trust account 22,836,871 72,587,820 

Total Assets $ 23,101,425 $ 72,915,777 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses $ 146,477 $ 16,363 

Note payable related party 452,088 

Forward Purchase Agreement liability 293,000 

Total current liabilities 891,565 16,363 

Total Liabilities 891,565 16,363 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 2,081,432 and 6,900,000 shares, respectively, at redemption value of $10.97 and $10.52 per share, respectively 22,836,871 72,587,820 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Ordinary shares, $0.000125 par value; 800,000,000 shares authorized; 2,392,000 shares issued and outstanding(1) 299 299 

Additional paid-in capital 

(Accumulated deficit)/retained earnings (627,310 ) 311,295 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) (627,011 ) 311,594 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) $ 23,101,425 $ 72,915,777 

(1) Excludes 2,081,432 and 6,900,000 shares subject to possible
redemption as of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements

F-15

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)

Three months ended June 30, Nine months ended June 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative costs $ 322,770 $ 155,416 $ 538,440 $ 391,047 

Net loss from operations (322,770 ) (155,416 ) (538,440 ) (391,047 )

Other Income (Expense) 

Investment income on Trust Account 301,932 876,604 1,865,297 1,252,401 

Fair value adjustment for Forward Purchase Agreement liability (30,000 ) (293,000 ) 

Fair value adjustment for convertible notes (51,008 ) (107,165 ) 

Total other income (expense) 220,924 876,604 1,465,132 1,252,401 

Net income (loss) $ (101,846 ) $ 721,188 $ 926,692 $ 861,354 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Redeemable ordinary shares basic and diluted 2,081,432 6,900,000 4,209,340 3,386,813 

Non-redeemable ordinary shares basic and diluted 2,392,000 2,392,000 2,392,000 2,052,392 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Redeemable ordinary shares basic and diluted $ (0.02 ) $ 0.08 $ 0.17 $ 0.18 

Non-redeemable ordinary shares basic and diluted $ (0.02 ) $ 0.08 $ 0.10 $ 0.13 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited financial statements

F-16

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (UNAUDITED)

ORDINARY SHARES ADDITIONAL 

PAID-IN RETAINED 

EARNINGS 

(ACCUMULATED TOTAL 

SHAREHOLDERS 

SHARES AMOUNT CAPITAL DEFICIT) EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Balance September 30, 2022 1,725,000 $ 216 $ 24,784 $ (50,210 ) $ (25,210 )

Issuance of Founder shares 

Net loss (195 ) (195 )

Balance December 31, 2022 1,725,000 216 24,784 (50,405 ) (25,405 )

Issuance of private placement shares 391,000 49 3,909,951 3,910,000 

Issuance of representative shares 276,000 34 2,724,893 2,724,927 

Fair value of rights 876,833 876,833 

Offering costs (430,921 ) (430,921 )

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption (6,598,251 ) (6,598,251 )

Net income 140,362 140,362 

Balance March 31, 2023 2,392,000 299 507,289 89,957 597,545 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption (507,289 ) (369,314 ) (876,603 )

Net income 721,188 721,188 

Balance June 30, 2023 2,392,000 299 441,831 442,130 

Balance September 30, 2023 2,392,000 $ 299 $ $ 311,295 $ 311,594 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption (989,905 ) (989,905 )

Net income 900,522 900,522 

Balance December 31, 2023 2,392,000 299 221,912 222,211 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption (573,460 ) (573,460 )

Net income 128,016 128,016 

Balance March 31, 2024 2,392,000 $ 299 $ $ (223,532 ) $ (223,233 )

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to redemption (301,932 ) (301,932 )

Net loss (101,846 ) (101,846 )

Balance June 30, 2024 2,392,000 299 (627,310 ) (627,011 )

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited financial statements

F-17

MARS ACQUISITION
CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)

Nine months ended June 30, 

2024 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income $ 926,692 $ 861,355 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement liability 293,000 

Fair value adjustment for convertible notes 107,165 

Investment income received in Trust Account (1,865,297 ) (1,252,401 )

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 130,114 (2,224 )

Prepaid expenses 91,372 (204,185 )

Net cash used by operating activities (316,954 ) (597,455 )

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash deposited in Trust Account (70,380,000 )

Proceeds from sales of cash and cash equivalents in trust account 51,616,246 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 51,616,246 (70,380,000 )

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from note payable with related party 344,923 41,213 

Payment for redemption of ordinary shares (51,616,246 ) 

Extinguishment of note payable with related party (269,459 )

Payment of underwriting fee and other offering costs (1,466,354 )

Proceeds from sale of units in IPO, including over-allotment 69,000,000 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement ordinary shares 3,910,000 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (51,271,323 ) 71,215,400 

Net increase in cash 27,969 237,945 

Cash beginning of the period 178,793 

Cash end of the period $ 206,762 $ 237,945 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities 

Issuance of representative shares $ $ 2,724,927 

Reclassification of offering costs related to public shares $ $ (243,964 )

Remeasurement adjustment on public shares subject to possible redemption $ (1,865,297 ) $ (7,474,854 )

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited financial statements

F-18

MARS ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS

Mars Acquisition Corp. (the Company)
is a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated as a blank check company on April 23, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the
purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with
one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified (Business Combination). Although the Company is not limited
to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on opportunities
in cryptocurrency and blockchain, automobiles, healthcare, financial technology, cyber security, cleantech, software, Internet and
artificial intelligence, specialty manufacturing and any other related technology innovations market. On September 5, 2023, a Business
Combination Agreement was entered into by the Company and ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC (ScanTech), among others
(see Note 6).

At June 30, 2024, the Company had
not yet commenced operations. All activity through June 30, 2024 relates to the Companys formation and initial public offering
(the Initial Public Offering or IPO), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of an initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected September 30
as its fiscal year end date.

The registration statement for the Companys
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 9, 2023. On February 16, 2023, the Company consummated its Initial
Public Offering of 6,900,000 units (Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered,
the Public Shares) at $10.00 per Unit, including 900,000 Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters
full exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of $69,000,000.

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (Private Placement) of 391,000 Units at a price
of $10.00 per Unit to the Companys sponsor, Mars Capital Holding Corporation, a British Virgin Islands company (Sponsor),
generating gross proceeds of $3,910,000 (see Note 4).

Offering costs amounted to $4,398,891
consisting of $1,430,000 of cash underwriting fees, non-cash underwriting fees of $2,724,927 represented by the fair value of 276,000
representative shares issued to the underwriter (see Note 6), and $243,964 of other offering costs.

Upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering and Private Placement, $70,380,000 of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private
Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account) and may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government treasury
bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, and will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account.

The Companys management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and Private Placement Units, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Companys
initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on interest earned in the trust account) at the time the Company signs
a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act.

F-19

The Company will provide holders of its
Public Shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially approximately $10.20 per share, plus any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations).

If a shareholder vote is not required
and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E
of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
the Companys initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
of proxies.

Such provisions may be amended if a special
resolution passed by holders of at least two-thirds of the Companys issued and outstanding ordinary shares who, being entitled
to do so, attend and vote at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution
has been given or by way of unanimous written resolution of all of the Companys shareholders. Whether or not the Company maintains
its registration under the Exchange Act or the Companys listing on Nasdaq, the Company will provide its Public Shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares by one of the two methods listed above. Upon the public announcement of the Companys
initial Business Combination, if the Company elects to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company or the Companys
Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase the Companys ordinary shares in the
open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event the Company conducts redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Companys offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance
with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and the Company will not be permitted to complete its initial Business Combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on Public Shareholders not tendering
more than a specified number of Public Shares, which number will be based on the requirement that the Company will only redeem its Public
Shares so long as (after such redemption) the Companys net tangible assets will be at least $5,000,001 either immediately prior
to or upon consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions
(so that the Company is not subject to the SECs penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to the Companys initial Business Combination. If the Public Shareholders tender
more shares than the Company has offered to purchase, the Company will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial Business
Combination.

If, however, shareholder approval of the
transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, the Company will conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A
of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials
with the SEC.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting
in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15% of the Public Shares without the Companys prior written consent.

F-20

The Company initially had until 12 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipated that
it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 12 months, it could extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination by two additional 3-month periods (for a total of up to 18 months) without submitting proposed extensions
to its shareholders for approval or offering its public shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith. In connection with the
extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on January 30, 2024, the Companys memorandum and articles of association
were amended to allow for the Company to have 21 months from the closing of this offering (or 27 months from the closing of
this offering, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) to complete its initial Business Combination.

If the Company is unable to complete its
initial Business Combination within such 21-month period (or 27-month period), the Company will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay the Companys income taxes (less up to $50,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining shareholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

The Companys Sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the Companys initial
Business Combination. In addition, the Companys initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame. However, if the Companys Sponsor or any of its officers, directors or affiliates acquires Public
Shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public
Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.

Liquidity and managements plan

In connection with the Companys
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management believes that the funds which the Company
has available following the completion of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement may not be enough to sustain operations for
a period of one year from the issuance date of these financial statements. If the Company is unable to complete the Extension or the Business
Combination due to a lack of sufficient funds, the Company may be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition,
following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet
the Companys obligations. There is no assurance that the Companys plans to consummate a business combination will be successful
within the Combination Period as described above. As a result, there is substantial doubt about the entitys ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statement are issued or are available to be issued. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty.

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of presentation

The
accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP) for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. In the opinion of
management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, considered necessary for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the period from October 1, 2023 through June 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of
the results that may be expected for the period ending September 30, 2024, or any future period.

F-21

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the
Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC on December 28, 2023.

Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments
held outside the Trust Account with an initial maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of June 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023, there were $206,762 and $178,793 of cash and cash equivalents, respectively.

Investments in Trust Account

The funds held in the Trust Account can
be invested in United States government treasury bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, until the earlier
of the consummation of its first business combination and the Companys failure to consummate a business combination within 21 months
(or 27 months as applicable) from the consummation of the IPO.

The Companys investments held in
the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end
of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of investments held in Trust Account are included in
investment income on trust account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in Trust
Account are determined using available market information (see Note 8).

As of June 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023, the Company had $22,836,871 and $72,587,820 held in the Trust Account, respectively.

Emerging growth company

The Company is an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act), as
modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved.

Further, section 102(b)(1) of the
JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Securities Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides
that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as
an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This
may make comparison of the Companys financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accountant standards used.

Use of estimates

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

F-22

Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of
circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

The Company accounts for its ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within the Companys control) are classified as temporary equity. The Companys Public Shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Companys control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
as of June 30, 2024, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at the redemption value of $10.97 per share as
temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Companys balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes
in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value
at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges
against additional paid in capital or retained earnings (accumulated deficit) if additional paid in capital equals to zero.

In connection with the Shareholder Meeting
to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Company and its Sponsor entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption
Agreements) on substantially the same terms with several unaffiliated third parties who are also the Companys existing shareholders
(the Investors), pursuant to which such Investors agreed not to redeem an aggregate of 1,813,380 Ordinary Shares of the
Company in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Ordinary Shares
of the Company, the Company and the Sponsor will agree to ScanTech AI Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company (Pubco), to issue to Investors an aggregate of 362,676 common stock of Pubco following the consummation of
the initial business combination.

Offering costs associated with the Initial Public Offering

The Company complies with the requirements
of the Financial Accounting Standard Board (the FASB) ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A Expenses
of Offerings. Offering costs, consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet
date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering, were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering.

The Company allocates offering costs between
Public Shares, public warrants and public rights based on the estimated fair values of them at the date of issuance.

Deferred offering costs

Deferred offering costs consist of costs
incurred in connection with preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriting discounts and commissions,
were be charged to additional paid in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of June 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023, the Company had no deferred offering costs. Upon consummation of the IPO on February 16, 2023, total offering costs related
to the IPO were $4,398,891, and were allocated between the Public Shares and public rights based on their relative fair values at the
date of issuance. Accordingly, $2,724,927 was allocated to the Public Shares and charged to temporary equity (see Note 3).

Income taxes

The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable
or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect
taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be
realized.

F-23

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition
threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities.

The Companys management determined
that the Cayman Islands is the Companys only major tax jurisdiction. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government
of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income
taxes are not reflected in the Companys financial statement. The Companys management does not expect that the total amount
of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.

Net income (loss) per share

The Company complies with accounting and
disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating
income (loss) per ordinary share. At June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of ordinary shares and then shares in the earnings
of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented.

The following tables reflect the calculation
of basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts):

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption:

For the three months

ended June 30, For the nine months

ended June 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income (loss) $ (47,388 ) $ 535,536 $ 698,373 $ 600,584 

Denominator 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 2,081,432 6,900,000 4,209,340 3,386,813 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share $ (0.02 ) $ 0.08 $ 0.17 $ 0.18 

Ordinary shares not subject to possible redemption:

For the three months

ended June 30, For the nine months

ended June 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income (loss) $ (54,458 ) $ 185,652 $ 228,318 $ 260,770 

Denominator 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 2,392,000 2,392,000 2,392,000 2,052,392 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share $ (0.02 ) $ 0.08 $ 0.10 $ 0.13 

F-24

Fair value of financial instruments

See Note 8 for discussion of short-term
marketable securities.The fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic
820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance
sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received for sale of an asset or paid to transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. US GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The
hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements)
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:

Level 1, defined as observable
inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets;

Level 2, defined as inputs other
than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments
in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and

Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations
derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.

Forward Purchase Agreement Liabilities

The Company accounts for forward purchase
agreements as liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the forward purchase agreements specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480) The assessment considers whether
the forward purchase agreement is a freestanding financial instrument pursuant to ASC 480 and meets the definition of a liability pursuant
to ASC 480, including whether the forward purchase agreement is indexed to the Companys own common shares and whether the forward
purchase agreement holder could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Companys
control. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of forward purchase agreement issuance
and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants forward purchase agreement are outstanding.

Convertible Promissory Note Sponsor Working
Capital Loan

The Company accounts for the convertible
promissory notes under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815). Under 815-15-25, the election can be made at the inception
of a financial instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC 825. The Company has made such election
for the convertible promissory note. Using the fair value option, the convertible promissory note is required to be recorded at its initial
fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the note are recognized
as other income (expense) in the statements of operations.

Recent accounting pronouncements

Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have an effect on the Companys financial
statements.

Concentration of credit risk

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times may exceed the
federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the
Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.

F-25

NOTE 3 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

On February 16, 2023, the Company
consummated its Initial Public Offering of 6,900,000 Units, including 900,000 Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters
full exercise of their over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of $69,000,000.

Each Unit consists of one ordinary share
and one right to receive two-tenths (2/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination
(Right). The holder must hold Rights in multiples of 5 in order to receive shares for all of their Rights upon closing of
a Business Combination (see Note 7).

All of the 6,900,000 public shares sold
as part of the public Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public
shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Companys liquidation. In accordance
with the SEC and its staffs guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions
not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity.

As of June 30, 2024, the ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table.

As of

June 30,

2024 As of

September 30,

2023 

Gross proceeds $ 69,000,000 $ 69,000,000 

Proceeds allocated to public rights (876,833 ) (876,833 )

Offering costs allocated to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (3,965,620 ) (3,965,620 )

Redemption of shares (51,616,246 ) 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 10,295,570 8,430,273 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption $ 22,836,871 $ 72,587,820 

NOTE 4 PRIVATE PLACEMENT

On February 16, 2023, the Company
sold 391,000 Private Placement Units, including 36,000 Private Placement Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters full
exercise of the over-allotment option, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $3,910,000 in the Private Placement. The proceeds
from the Private Placement were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Company will have
until 21 months (or 27 months as applicable) from the closing of this Initial Public Offering to consummate a Business Combination
(the Combination Period). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Rights
contained within the Private Placement Units will expire worthless.

NOTE 5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder shares

During the period ended September 30,
2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares to the Sponsor at par value (Founder Shares). On October 20, 2021, the Company
issued an additional 138,500 Founder Shares to the Sponsor to bring the aggregate owned by the Sponsor up to 1,138,500 Founder Shares.
On the same day, the Company issued 586,500 Founder Shares to officers and directors of the Company. As of June 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023, there were 1,725,000 Founder Shares outstanding.

The
Companys initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to
occur of: (i) six months after the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination; or
(ii) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property. Any
permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Companys initial shareholders with
respect to any Founder Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of the Companys ordinary shares equals or
exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalization, and the like) for any 20
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 60 days after the Companys initial Business Combination, the
Founder Shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions.

F-26

Notes payable

The Companys Sponsor had agreed
to loan the Company up to $300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering (the Note).
The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured, and was due on the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2023,
the outstanding balance of note payable to the affiliate was $0, and no interest was accrued. As of February 16, 2023, the Sponsor
agreed to apply the Note in its entirety to the Private Placement with the Company, and the note was extinguished.

Working capital loans

In order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys directors and
officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital Loans). If the Company
completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms
of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working
Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders discretion,
up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of
$10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units.

On March 31, 2024, the Company entered
into a Convertible Promissory Note with certain affiliates of the Sponsor with a principal amount of $200,000. The principal amount can
be prepaid by the Company at anytime and no interest accrues on the Convertible Promissory Note. Upon closing of the initial Business
Combination, the Convertible Promissory Note automatically converts into 24,000 ordinary shares of the Company. In the event no business
combination occurs, there is no obligation to repay the Convertible Promissory Note. The Company recorded the instrument at its fair value.

To fund extensions of the deadline for
the Company to complete its initial Business Combination, the Sponsor deposited an additional $145,000 into the Trust Account on April 30,
2024. In return, the Company issued an additional Convertible Promissory Notes that are to either be repaid upon the consummation of a
Business Combination, without interest, or, at the Sponsors discretion, converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into
an additional 17,400 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit. The Company recorded the instrument at its fair value.

Such Convertible Notes are to either be
repaid upon the consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the Sponsors discretion, converted upon consummation
of a Business Combination into an additional 41,400 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business
Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Sponsor Working Capital
Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Sponsor Working Capital Loans. As of June 30, 2024, the
principal amount outstanding under the Convertible Notes was $345,000, and the fair value of the Convertible Notes was $452,088.

F-27

Administrative service fee

The Company has an informal agreement
(the Administrative Services Agreement) to pay affiliates of the Sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial, and administrative
support of $15,000 per month. Between May 2023 and April 2024, the Company did not paid any amounts under this informal agreement,
and the affiliates have chosen not to seek compensation for such support during this time period. These payments resumed in May 2024.
For the three and nine months ended June 30, 2024, the total amount billed for these services was $38,500 and the total amount
paid was $32,300.

NOTE 6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Registration rights

The holders of the Founder Shares and
Private Placement Units are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed February 16, 2023.
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such
securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements.

Underwriting agreement

The Company has engaged Maxim Group LLC
(Maxim) as its underwriter. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option until March 26, 2023 to purchase up
to 900,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and
commissions. On February 16, 2023, the underwriters fully exercised this option in respect of 900,000 Units.

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or $1,380,000 in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering.

Representative shares

The Company has issued to Maxim and/or
its designees, 276,000 shares of ordinary shares upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Representative Shares).
The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost associated with the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding
credit to shareholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of the Representative Shares to be $2,724,927. Maxim has agreed
not to transfer, assign, or sell any such shares until the completion of the Business Combination. In addition, Maxim has agreed: (i) to
waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination; and (ii) to
waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its
Business Combination within 21 months (or 27 months, as applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering.

The shares have been deemed compensation
by FINRA and were therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of
the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRAs NASD Conduct Rules.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities were not to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call
transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person prior to August 8, 2023, nor were they
sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated prior to August 8, 2023 except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating
in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners.

Subject to certain conditions, the Company
granted Maxim, for a period beginning on February 16, 2023 and ending 12 months after the date of the consummation of the Business
Combination, a right of first refusal to act as book-running managing underwriter or placement agent for any and all future public and
private equity, equity-linked, convertible and debt offerings for the Company or any of its successors or subsidiaries. In accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from February 9,
2023.

F-28

Forward Purchase Agreement

On September 4, 2023, the Company
and RiverNorth entered into an Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement (FPA). Pursuant to the FPA, RiverNorth is expected to
purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of Mars ordinary shares (FPA Shares) subject to a cap of 9.9% of outstanding shares on a
post-Transaction basis, at a per share price no more than the price per share paid to redeeming Mars public shareholders in connection
with the vote to approve the Transactions (the redemption price).

The Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement
entered into on September 4, 2023 (FPA or the Agreement) resulted in RiverNorth holding a put option
to sell up to a maximum of 1,500,000 of the Companys shares. Pursuant to ASC 480, this instrument meets the definition of a liability
and accordingly was recognized at fair value. The FPA resulted in the initial recognition of a forward purchase agreement liability of
approximately $263,000 during the quarter ended March 31, 2024 and was expensed in the Companys statement of operations. The
fair value of this put option was $293,000 as of June 30, 2024 and insignificant at September 30, 2023 and December 31,
2023, assuming the investor will purchase the maximum number of shares. Changes in the estimated fair value of the FPA are recognized
as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations.

In connection with its purchase of the
FPA Shares, RiverNorth will waive its redemption rights in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the Transactions.

Following the closing of the Transactions,
an amount equal to the number of FPA Shares multiplied by the redemption price, will be prepaid to RiverNorth. The FPA Shares held by
RiverNorth and subject to the FPA may be sold into the market by RiverNorth at any time following the closing of the Transactions. RiverNorth
is entitled to sell into the market FPA Shares without any payment to the Company. The Company may receive up to $15,000,000 from the
termination of all or a portion of the FPA transaction at $10.00 per terminated FPA Share, subject to reduction upon any Dilutive Offering
Reset. To the extent RiverNorth elects not to terminate the FPA transaction prior to the maturity date, the Company will be entitled to
receive from RiverNorth the number of FPA Shares not so terminated, and RiverNorth will be entitled to maturity consideration,
paid in shares or cash, subject to the terms of the FPA.

The FPA expires automatically if the Business
Combination is not consummated by the one-year anniversary of the date of the FPA, subject to acceleration at the Sellers option
upon the volume weighted average price per share being at or below $10.00 per share for any 10 trading days during a 30 consecutive trading
day-period and upon any delisting of the Companys ordinary shares.

Business Combination Agreement

On September 5, 2023, the Company
entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement) with ScanTech AI Systems Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Pubco), Mars Merger Sub I Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company
and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Purchaser Merger Sub), Mars Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub), ScanTech Identification Beam Systems, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (ScanTech), and Dolan Falconer in the capacity as the representative (the Seller Representative).
The aggregate consideration to be paid to ScanTech shall be a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock with an aggregate value equal to
one hundred ten million U.S. Dollars ($110,000,000). Additionally, after the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
the Business Combination Agreement, the ScanTech Holder Participants will have the contingent right to receive up to a number of shares
of Pubco Common Stock equal to ten percent (10%) of the fully diluted shares of Pubco Common Stock outstanding immediately following
the Closing (subject to adjustment based on stock splits and similar events) based on Pubcos achievement of certain milestones,
including commercial milestones and revenue and EBITDA milestones, as more particularly set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

Under the Business Combination Agreement,
either ScanTech or Mars had the right to terminate the Business Combination Agreement if the Business Combination had not been consummated
by January 31, 2024 (the Outside Date).

F-29

Amendments to the Business Combination Agreement

On December 19, 2023, the Company,
Pubco, Purchaser Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub, ScanTech, and Seller Representative entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Business
Combination Agreement to extend the Outside Date to May 15, 2024 in order to facilitate the completion of the Business Combination.

On April 2, 2024, Mars, Pubco, Purchaser
Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub, ScanTech, and Seller Representative entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement
to amend that the Merger Consideration shall be adjusted to One Hundred Ten Million U.S. Dollars ($110,000,000) minus (or plus, if negative)
the amount of the closing net debt that exceeds Twenty Million U.S. Dollars ($20,000,000). In addition, every issued and outstanding Ordinary
Share that is not redeemed shall be converted automatically to (i) one share of Pubco Common Stock and (ii) one additional (1) share
of Pubco Common Stock, or a convertible security convertible or exercisable for one (1) share of Pubco Common Stock upon consummation
of the Business Combination.

On April 17, 2024, Mars, Pubco, Purchaser
Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub, ScanTech, and Seller Representative entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement
to extend the Outside Date to September 30, 2024 in order to facilitate the completion of the Business Combination.

Subscription Agreement with Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund

On April 2, 2024, the Company entered
into a definitive subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement) with Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (the Investor),
the Sponsor, and ScanTech for Investor to provide ScanTech up to $1,000,000 in funding for working capital expenses in connection with
the Business Combination in exchange for the Subscription Shares. On May 29, 2024, the Company, the Investor, the Sponsor, and ScanTech
entered into an additional definitive subscription agreement (together, the Subscription Agreements) for the Investor to
provide ScanTech up to an additional $250,000 in funding for working capital expenses in connection with the Business Combination in exchange
for the Subscription Shares. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, upon an initial drawdown request of up to $500,000 and subsequent
drawdown requests for working capital for a total of $1,250,000, Investor shall provide funding within five (5) calendar days.

In connection therewith, Pubco shall issue
to Investor one share of Pubco Common Stock for each dollar the Investor provided as of the Closing without transfer restrictions (Subscription
Shares). The Subscription Shares are to be issued upon successful Closing of the Business Combination. The Subscription Shares
shall not be subject to any transfer restrictions or any other lock-up provisions, earn outs, or other contingencies. The Subscription
Shares (i) to the extent feasible and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations shall be registered as part of any registration
statement issuing shares before or in connection with the Business Combination Closing or (ii) if no such registration statement
is filed in connection with the Business Combination Closing, shall promptly be registered pursuant to the first registration statement
filed by the Company or the surviving entity following the Business Combination Closing, which shall be filed no later than 30 days
after the Business Combination Closing and declared effective no later than 120 days after the Business Combination Closing. The
Sponsor shall not sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any securities owned by the Sponsor until the Subscription Shares have been
transferred to the Investor and the registration statement has been made effective. Upon the Business Combination Closing, the Company
or its successor will repay the Investors Capital Investment within five business days, either in cash or shares of Common Stock
at a rate of 1 share per $10 invested. ScanTech, the Company, and Sponsor are jointly responsible for this payment, and funds provided
by ScanTech for liquidation will prioritize Investors capital return before covering other expenses. If Sponsor, ScanTech, or the
Company defaults under this agreement and the default continues for five business days post-notification, the Company or its successor
will issue to the Investor on the Default Date 0.1 shares of Common Stock for each dollar of the Investors capital investment,
and an additional 0.1 shares for each dollar of the Investors capital investment monthly until the default is resolved.

If
the Business Combination is terminated in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, ScanTech
will be required to repay any funds borrowed from the Investor, and the Company will not be liable for any funds borrowed via a
promissory note. As of June 30, 2024, no liability for any funds borrowed or shares to be issued was recorded based on the
probability of the completion of the initial Business Combination, therefore, the Company has not recorded a liability for any funds
borrowed or shares to be issued.

F-30

Agreement with Roth Capital Partners

On December 22, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with Roth Capital Partners (Roth), whereby Roth will provide the Company with capital markets
advisory services in connection with the closing of the Business Combination in exchange for the following:

$500,000, payable in cash, upon consummation of the Business
Combination and upon the Company raising a minimum of $5,000,000, net of fees and expenses, in a Financing concurrent with the Business
Combination, and;

$1,000,000, payable in cash or in exchange for 100,000 shares
of Pubco, upon consummation of the Business Combination.

The Company has no obligation to pay these
fees if the Business Combination is terminated in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. As of
June 30, 2024, no liability for any funds borrowed or shares to be issued was recorded based on the probability of the completion
of the initial Business Combination, therefore, the Company has not recorded a liability for the shares to be issued to Roth.

NOTE 7 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue 800,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.000125 per share. Holders of the Companys
ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, there were 2,392,000 ordinary
shares outstanding, respectively.

Rights Each
holder of a Right will automatically receive two-tenths (2/10) of one share of ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination,
except in cases where the Company not the surviving company in a Business Combination, and even if the holder of such Right redeemed all
shares of ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid
by a holder of a Right in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination, as the consideration related
thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into
a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will
provide for the holders of Right to receive the same per share consideration the holders of shares of ordinary shares will receive in
the transaction on an as-exchanged for ordinary shares basis, and each holder of a Right will be required to affirmatively exchange its
Rights in order to receive the 2/10 share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of a Business
Combination. More specifically, the Rights holder will be required to indicate its election to exchange the Right for the underlying shares
within a fixed period of time after which period the Rights will expire worthless.

Pursuant to the Rights agreement, a Rights
holder may exchange Rights only for a whole number of shares of ordinary shares. This means that the Company will not issue fractional
shares in connection with an exchange of Rights, and Rights may be exchanged only in multiples of 5 Rights (subject to adjustment for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalization and the like). Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest
whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Cayman Islands Law.

If the Company is unable to complete a
Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Rights will
not receive any such funds with respect to their Rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Companys assets held outside
of the Trust Account with respect to such Rights, and the Rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for
failure to deliver securities to holders of the Rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the
Company be required to net cash settle the Rights. Accordingly, the Rights may expire worthless.

F-31

NOTE 8 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The following table presents information
about the Companys assets and that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:

Description Level June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 

Assets: 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 1 $ 22,836,871 $ 72,587,820 

$ 22,836,871 $ 72,587,820 

Liabilities: 

Working Capital Loans 1 $ 452,088 $ 

Prepaid forward purchase agreement 3 293,000 

$ 745,088 $ 

Working capital loans

To fund extensions of the deadline for
the Company to complete its initial Business Combination, the Sponsor deposited an additional $345,000 into the Trust Account during the
nine months ended June 30, 2024. In return, the Company issued the Sponsor non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory notes
(the Convertible Notes). Such Convertible Notes are to either be repaid upon the consummation of a Business Combination,
without interest, or, at the Sponsors discretion, converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into an additional 41,400
Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit.

As of June 30, 2024, the principal
amount outstanding under the Convertible Notes was $345,000, and the fair value of the Convertible Notes was $452,088.

Forward Purchase Agreement Liabilities

The Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation
model to value the forward purchase agreement at initiation and at the reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the
statement of operations. Inherent in the model are assumptions related to share price on valuation date, volatilities, expected life,
risk-free rate and probability of business combination. The Company estimates the pre-business combination volatility based on the low
historical volatilities exhibited by the Company and SPACs-based and the post-merger volatility is estimated based on the median historical
and implied volatilities exhibited by companies operating in the industry of the Companys expected target. The risk-free interest
rate is based on the 3-year and 5-year U.S. Treasury note which is similar to the expected remaining life of the FPA. The expected life
of the forward purchase agreement is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term.

In order to calculate the fair value of
the forward purchase agreement liabilities, the Company utilized the following key inputs:

June 30, 2024 

Risk-free interest rate 4.9 %

Expected term (years) 1.5 

Stock price $ 10.90 

Estimated volatility 60.0 %

NOTE 9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated subsequent events
and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date, up to the date that the financial statements were issued. The Company did
not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

F-32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.5
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex99-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.5

MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION OF MARS

References
to the Company, Mars,us, our or we refer to Mars Acquisition Corp.
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and related notes included herein.

Overview

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on April 23, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.

Results
of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO, and activities related to identifying ScanTech as the target for the Business
Combination. Since our IPO, we have not generated any operating revenues and do not intend to until after completion of the Business
Combination, except for the non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account.

We
incurred expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
as expenses as we conducted due diligence on prospective business combination candidates, including ScanTech.

We
expect to incur additional costs in the pursuit of the Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or
to complete the Business Combination will be successful.

For
the three months period ended June 30, 2024, we incurred expenses in the amount of $322,770.

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, Going Concern

Our
Registration Statement for the IPO was declared effective on February 13, 2023. On February 16, 2023, we consummated the IPO
of 6,900,000 Units, including 900,000 additional Units issued pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option, generating gross proceeds of $69,000,000.

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, Mars consummated the Private Placement of 391,000 Units, each Private Placement
Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share and one Right, to our Sponsor, Mars Capital Holding Corporation, a British Virgin Islands business
company with limited liability, at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of $3,910,000.

Following
the closing of the IPO on February 16, 2023, an amount of $70,380,000 ($10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the IPO and the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account. The funds held in the Trust Account may be invested in U.S.
government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by us meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the us, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account.

1

On
January 30, 2024, the Company held the Shareholder Meeting to amend, by way of special resolution, the Companys amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to remove the net tangible asset requirement so that Mars need not have net tangible
assets of at least $5,000,001 to consummate a business combination, and without depositing additional funds into the Trust Account, to
extend for the first time, the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from February 16, 2024 to November 16,
2024 for a total of an additional nine months, unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. If Mars
cannot complete the Business Combination by November 16, 2024, we will need to extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 27 months to complete a Business Combination).
In connection with the Shareholder Meeting and subsequent redemptions, a total of 107 Public Shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate
of 4,818,568 Public Shares. Following the redemptions, Mars had $22,296,189.61 left in its Trust Account. As of June 30,2024, there
is approximately $22,836,871 in cash held in the Trust Account. We may need to obtain additional financing if we become obligated to
redeem a significant number of our public shares upon another extension or the completion of the Business Combination, in which case
we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with the extension or the Business Combination. If we are unable to complete
the extension or the Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we may be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain
additional financing in order to meet our obligations.

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account, to complete the Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete the Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the
operations of ScanTech, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

On
March 31, 2024, Mars received $200,000 through non-interest bearing loans from affiliates of the Sponsor, in order to fund working
capital. If we complete the Business Combination, such loaned amounts will either be repaid or converted into up to 24,000 shares of
Pubco Common Stock.

On
April 30, 2024, Mars received $145,000 through non-interest bearing loans from affiliates of the Sponsor, in order to fund working
capital. If we complete the Business Combination, such loaned amounts will either be repaid or converted into up to 17,400 shares of
Pubco Common Stock.

For
the three-month period ended June 30, 2024, we incurred expenses in the amount of $322,770.

Other
than as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek additional loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our
Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek
access to funds in our Trust Account.

There
is no assurance that our plans to consummate the Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result,
there is substantial doubt about Mars ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued or are available to be issued.

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2024. We do
not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as
variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off- balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual
Obligations

We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities.

Our
Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combination targets. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors
or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

2

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our
Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete the
Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used
for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as
we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our Trust Account.

Our
Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Mars Memorandum and Articles of Association
(i) to modify the substance or timing of Mars obligation to allow redemption in connection with the our initial Business
Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or (ii) with
respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide
the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust account and
not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares.

Our
Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will
receive if we fail to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective
affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail
to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share
value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the public offering price per Unit ($10.20).

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units and Units that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any
shares of Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Right) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement to signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO requiring us to register such securities for
resale. The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that
we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to completion of a business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant
to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect
or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released
from their lock-up restrictions. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

On
September 4, 2023, the Company entered into forward purchase agreements (FPA) with RiverNorth SPAC Arbitrage Fund,
L.P. (RiverNorth) and other parties. Pursuant to these agreements, RiverNorth will be reimbursed from the funds held in
the Trust Account for the purchase of Ordinary Shares.

On
March 31, 2024, and on April 30, 2024, Sponsor and its affiliates loaned Mars an aggregate of $345,000 for working capital
purposes and entered Notes that are non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of the Business Combination. If we complete
the Business Combination, such loaned amounts will either be repaid or converted into up to 41,400 shares of Pubco Common Stock. In the
event that the Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.

3

In
connection with the initial extension meeting held on January 30, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor entered into non-redemption
agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements) on substantially the same terms with several unaffiliated third parties who
are also Mars existing shareholders (the Investors), pursuant to which such Investors agreed not to redeem an aggregate
of 1,813,380 ordinary shares of the Company in connection with the initial extension meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments
not to redeem such ordinary shares of the Company, Mars and the Sponsor will agree to cause Pubco to issue to Investors an aggregate
of 362,676 common stock of Pubco following the consummation of the initial business combination.

Critical
Accounting Estimates

The
preparation of the unaudited financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates,
assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Although actual results could
materially differ from those estimates, such estimates are developed based on the best information available to management and managements
best judgments at the time.

Our
significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. For the three and nine months ended June 30, 2024 we have identified the following
critical accounting policies:

Forward
Purchase Agreement Liabilities

The
Company accounts for forward purchase agreements as liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the forward purchase agreements
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480)
The assessment considers whether the forward purchase agreement is a freestanding financial instrument pursuant to ASC 480 and meets
the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at
the time of forward purchase agreement issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the forward purchase agreement
is outstanding.

Convertible
Promissory Note Sponsor Working Capital Loan

The
Company accounts for the convertible promissory notes under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815). Under 815-15-25,
the election can be made at the inception of a financial instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC
825. The Company has made such election for the convertible promissory note. Using the fair value option, the convertible promissory
note is required to be recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in
the estimated fair value of the note are recognized as non-cash gains or losses in the statements of operations.

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm252621d1_ex99-3img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>