<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001558370-25-005071.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001558370-25-005071.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421160605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-25-005071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FUELCELL ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000886128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				060853042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14204
		FILM NUMBER:		25853178

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GREAT PASTURE ROAD
		CITY:			DANBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06810
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2038256000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GREAT PASTURE ROAD
		CITY:			DANBURY
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENERGY RESEARCH CORP /NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fcel-20250417x8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

0000886128false00008861282025-04-172025-04-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 17, 2025

FUELCELL ENERGY, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 

1-14204 

06-0853042

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3 Great Pasture Road,

Danbury, Connecticut 

06810

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (203)825-6000

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

FCEL 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(e)Amendment and Restatement of the FuelCell Energy, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan

At the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of FuelCell Energy, Inc. (the Company), which was called to order and adjourned on April 3, 2025 and reconvened and concluded on April 17, 2025 (the Annual Meeting), the Companys stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the FuelCell Energy, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as so amended and restated, the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan), which had previously been approved by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board), subject to stockholder approval. Additional information regarding the results of the Annual Meeting is set forth below under Item 5.07 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The purpose of the amendment and restatement of the Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan was to authorize the Company to issue up to 750,000 additional shares of the Companys common stock pursuant to awards under the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan.

Following the approval of the amendment and restatement (and therefore the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan) by the Companys stockholders at the Annual Meeting, the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan provides the Company with the authority to issue a total of 2,194,444 shares of the Companys common stock. The Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan authorizes grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, shares, performance shares, performance units, incentive awards and dividend equivalent units to officers, other employees, directors, consultants and advisors. Up to 61,111 shares of the Companys common stock may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. The Board or the administrator of the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan may terminate the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan at any time. No award may be granted under the Fifth Amended and Restated Plan after the tenth anniversary of the approval of the Fifth Amended and Restated Plan by stockholders at the Annual Meeting. 

The Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan is described in detail in the Companys definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2025. A copy of the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of the Fifth Amended and Restated Incentive Plan set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to such materials.

Item 5.07.Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

As noted above, the Companys Annual Meeting, which was called to order and adjourned on April 3, 2025, was reconvened and concluded on April 17, 2025. At the Companys Annual Meeting, four proposals were submitted to a vote of the holders of shares of common stock of the Company. The voting results with respect to those four proposals were as follows:

(1) Election of eight directors to serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

NAME OF DIRECTOR 

VOTES FOR 

VOTES AGAINST 

ABSTENTIONS 

BROKER NON-VOTES

James H. England 

2,330,833 

1,738,661 

39,271 

4,886,930

Jason Few 

3,509,596 

563,896 

35,273 

4,886,930

Matthew F. Hilzinger 

3,495,981 

570,565 

42,219 

4,886,930

Natica von Althann 

3,497,898 

570,208 

40,659 

4,886,930

Cynthia Hansen 

3,598,222 

469,534 

41,009 

4,886,930

Donna Sims Wilson 

2,393,325 

1,673,152 

42,288 

4,886,930

Betsy Bingham 

3,493,008 

572,775 

42,982 

4,886,930

Tyrone Michael Jordan 

3,517,588 

547,078 

44,099 

4,886,930

Accordingly, each of James H. England, Jason Few, Matthew F. Hilzinger, Natica von Althann, Cynthia Hansen, Donna Sims Wilson, Betsy Bingham, and Tyrone Michael Jordan have been re-elected as directors.

(2) Approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Companys named executive officers as set forth in the Executive Compensation section of the proxy statement.

VOTES FOR: 2,218,977

VOTES AGAINST: 1,818,703

ABSTENTIONS: 71,085

BROKER NON-VOTES: 4,886,930

Accordingly, the compensation of the Companys named executive officers as set forth in the Executive Compensation section of the proxy statement has been approved by the stockholders.

(3) Ratification of the selection of KPMG LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2025.

VOTES FOR: 7,111,739

VOTES AGAINST: 1,783,753

ABSTENTIONS: 100,203

BROKER NON-VOTES: 0

Accordingly, the selection of KPMG LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2025 has been ratified.

(4) Approval of the amendment and restatement of the FuelCell Energy, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan.

VOTES FOR: 2,268,864

VOTES AGAINST: 1,766,791

ABSTENTIONS: 73,110

BROKER NON-VOTES: 4,886,930

Accordingly, the amendment and restatement of the FuelCell Energy, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan has been approved by the stockholders.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits. The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1

FuelCell Energy, Inc. Fifth Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of April 17, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FUELCELL ENERGY, INC.

Date: April 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Michael S. Bishop

Michael S. Bishop

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>fcel-20250417xex10d1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FuelCell Energy, Inc.

Fifth Amended and Restated

2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan

Effective as of April 17, 2025

1. Purposes, History and Effective Date

(a) Purpose. The FuelCell Energy, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan has two complementary purposes: (i) to attract and retain outstanding individuals to serve as officers, directors, employees and consultants and (ii) to increase shareholder value. The Plan will provide participants with incentives to increase shareholder value by offering the opportunity to acquire shares of the Companys common stock, receive monetary payments based on the value of such common stock, or receive other incentive compensation, on the potentially favorable terms that this Plan provides.

(b) History. Prior to the effective date of this Plan, the Company had in effect the FuelCell Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the Prior Plan). Upon shareholder approval of this Plan, the Prior Plan terminated and no new awards could be granted under the Prior Plan, although awards previously granted under the Prior Plan and still outstanding continued to be subject to all terms and conditions of the Prior Plan.

(c) Effective Date; Amendment and Restatement. This Plan became effective, and Awards could be granted under this Plan, on and after April 5, 2018 (the Effective Date), the date on which the Companys shareholders approved this Plan at the annual shareholders meeting. This Plan was amended and restated effective as of May 8, 2020, was further amended and restated effective as of April 8, 2021, May 22, 2023, and April 4, 2024 and is again being amended and restated effective as of April 17, 2025, subject to approval by the Companys shareholders at the Companys 2025 annual meeting. This Plan will terminate as provided in Section 17.

2. Definitions

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Plan or in any Award agreement have the following meanings:

(a) Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. Any reference to a specific provision of the Act shall include any successor provision thereto.

(b) Administrator means the Committee; provided that, to the extent the Committee has delegated authority and responsibility as an Administrator of the Plan to one or more officers of the Company as permitted by Section 3(b), the term Administrator shall also mean such officer or officers.

(c) Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining those individuals to whom an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted, the term Affiliate means any entity that, directly or through one or more intermediaries, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company within the meaning of Code Sections 414(b) or (c); provided that, in applying such provisions, the phrase at least 20% shall be used in place of at least 80% each place it appears therein.

(d) Award means a grant of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Stock, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, an Incentive Award, Dividend Equivalent Units or any other type of award permitted under this Plan. Any Award granted under this Plan shall be provided or made in such manner and at such time as complies with the applicable requirements of Code Section 409A to avoid a plan failure described in Code Section 409A(a)(1), including, without limitation, deferring payment to a specified employee or until a specified distribution event, as provided in Code Section 409A(a)(2), and the provisions of Code Section 409A are incorporated into this Plan to the extent necessary for any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A to comply therewith.

(e) Beneficial Owner means a Person, with respect to any securities which:

(i) Such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates has the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights, warrants or options or otherwise; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase;

(ii) Such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates, directly or indirectly, has the right to vote or dispose of or has beneficial ownership of (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Act), including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner 

of, or to beneficially own, any security under this clause (ii) as a result of an agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security if the agreement, arrangement or understanding: (A) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations under the Act and (B) is not also then reportable on a Schedule 13D under the Act (or any comparable or successor report); or

(iii) Are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person with which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a revocable proxy as described in clause (ii) above) or disposing of any voting securities of the Company.

(f) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(g) Cause has the meaning given in a Participants employment, retention, change of control, severance or similar agreement with the Company or any Affiliate, or if no such agreement is in effect, then (i) if the determination of Cause is being made prior to a Change of Control, Cause has the meaning given in the Companys employment policies as in effect at the time of the determination or (ii) if the determination of Cause is being made following a Change of Control, Cause has the meaning given in the Companys employment policies as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control.

(h) Change of Control means, unless specified otherwise in an Award agreement, the occurrence of any of the following:

(i) Any Person (other than (A) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock in the Company (Excluded Persons)) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates after the Effective Date, pursuant to express authorization by the Board that refers to this exception) representing 50% or more of either the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding voting securities; or

(ii) The following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors of the Company then serving: (A) individuals who, on the Effective Date, constituted the Board and (B) any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A under the Act) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors on the Effective Date, or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively the Continuing Directors); provided, however, that individuals who are appointed to the Board pursuant to or in accordance with the terms of an agreement relating to a merger, consolidation, or share exchange involving the Company (or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company) shall not be Continuing Directors for purposes of this Agreement until after such individuals are first nominated for election by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the then Continuing Directors and are thereafter elected as directors by the shareholders of the Company at a meeting of shareholders held following consummation of such merger, consolidation or share exchange; and, provided further, that in the event the failure of any such persons appointed to the Board to be Continuing Directors results in a Change of Control, the subsequent qualification of such persons as Continuing Directors shall not alter the fact that a Change of Control occurred; or

(iii) 

The consummation of a merger, consolidation or share exchange of the Company with any other corporation or the issuance of voting securities of the Company in connection with a merger, consolidation or share exchange of the Company (or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company), in each case, which requires approval of the shareholders of the Company, other than (A) a merger, consolidation or share exchange which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or share exchange continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or share exchange, or (B) a merger, consolidation or share exchange effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person (other than an Excluded Person) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates after the Effective Date, pursuant to express authorization by the Board that refers to this exception) representing 50% or more of either the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding voting securities; or

(iv) The consummation of a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets (in one transaction or a series of related transactions within any period of 24 consecutive months), in each case, which requires approval of the shareholders of the Company, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity at least 75% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by Persons in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the common stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to own, directly or indirectly, in the same proportions as their ownership in the Company, an entity that owns all or substantially all of the assets or voting securities of the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Award is considered deferred compensation subject to the provisions of Code Section 409A, and if a payment under such Award is triggered upon a Change of Control, then the foregoing definition shall be deemed amended as necessary to comply with Code Section 409A.

(i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a specific provision of the Code includes any successor provision and the regulations promulgated under such provision.

(j) Committee means the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board, any successor committee thereto, and subcommittee thereof, or such other committee of the Board that is designated by the Board with the same or similar authority. The Committee shall consist only of not fewer than two Directors, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

(k) Company means FuelCell Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto.

(l) Director means a member of the Board.

(m) Disability means, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in the applicable Award agreement, a finding of disability under the Companys long-term disability plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for Awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, Disability shall mean that a Participant is disabled under Section 409A(a)(2)(C)(i) or (ii) of the Code.

(n) Dividend Equivalent Unit means the right to receive a payment, in cash or Shares, equal to the cash dividends or other cash distributions paid with respect to a Share.

(o) Effective Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 1(c).

(p) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any reference to a specific provision of the Exchange Act includes any successor provision and the regulations and rules promulgated under such provision.

(q) Fair Market Value means, per Share on a particular date, (i) if the Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, the last sales price on that date on the national securities exchange on which the Stock is then traded, or if no sales of Stock occur on such date, then on the last preceding date on which there was a sale on such exchange; or (ii) if the Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange, but are traded in an over-the-counter market, the last sales price (or, if there is no last sales price reported, the average of the closing bid and asked prices) for the Shares on that date, or on the last preceding date on which there was a sale of Shares on that market; or (iii) if the Shares are neither listed on a national securities exchange nor traded in an over-the-counter market, the price determined by the Administrator, in its discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of the sale of Shares, the actual sale price shall be the Fair Market Value of such Shares.

(r) Incentive Award means the right to receive a cash payment to the extent Performance Goals are achieved (or other requirements are met), and shall include Annual Incentive Awards as described in Section 10 and Long-Term Incentive Awards as described in Section 11.

(s) Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not also an employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(t) Option means the right to purchase Shares at a stated price for a specified period of time.

(u) Participant means an individual selected by the Administrator to receive an Award.

(v) Performance Goals means any goals the Administrator establishes pursuant to an Award. The Performance Goals may include a threshold level of performance below which no payment will be made (or no vesting will occur), levels of performance at which specified payments will be paid (or specified vesting will occur), and a maximum level of performance above which no additional payment will be made (or at which full vesting will occur).

(w) Performance Shares means the right to receive Shares to the extent Performance Goals are achieved (or other requirements are met).

(x) Performance Unit means the right to receive a cash payment and/or Shares valued in relation to a unit that has a designated dollar value or the value of which is equal to the Fair Market Value of one or more Shares, to the extent Performance Goals are achieved (or other requirements are met).

(y) Person means any individual, firm, partnership, corporation or other entity, including any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity, or a group of any of the foregoing acting in concert.

(z) Plan means this FuelCell Energy, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

(aa) Restricted Stock means Shares that are subject to a risk of forfeiture or restrictions on transfer, or both a risk of forfeiture and restrictions on transfer, which may lapse upon the achievement or partial achievement of Performance Goals or upon the completion of a period of service, or both.

(bb) Restricted Stock Unit means the right to receive a cash payment and/or Shares the value of which is equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share.

(cc) Section 16 Participants means Participants who are subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

(dd) Share means a share of Stock.

(ee) Stock means the Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

(ff) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means the right to receive a cash payment, and/or Shares with a Fair Market Value, equal to the appreciation of the Fair Market Value of a Share during a specified period of time.

(gg) Subsidiary means any corporation, limited liability company or other limited liability entity in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities (other than the last entities in the chain) owns the stock or equity interest possessing more than 50% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock or other equity interests in one of the other entities in the chain.

3. Administration

(a) Administration. In addition to the authority specifically granted to the Administrator in this Plan, the Administrator has full discretionary authority to administer this Plan, including but not limited to the authority to: (i) interpret the provisions of this Plan or any agreement covering an Award; (ii) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan; (iii) correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan, any Award or any agreement covering an Award in the manner and to the extent it deems desirable to carry this Plan or such Award into effect; and (iv) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator shall have the discretion to accelerate or shorten the vesting, restriction period or performance period of an Award, in connection with a Participants death, Disability, retirement or termination of employment or service with the Company for any reason. All Administrator determinations shall be made in the sole discretion of the Administrator and are final and binding on all interested parties.

(b) Delegation to Other Committees or Officers. To the extent applicable law permits, the Board may delegate to another committee of the Board, or the Committee may delegate to one or more officers of the Company, any or all of their respective authority and responsibility as an Administrator of the Plan; provided that no such delegation is permitted with respect to Stock-based Awards made to Section 16 Participants at the time any such delegated authority or responsibility is exercised unless the delegation is to another committee of the Board consisting entirely of Non-Employee Directors. If the Board or the Committee has made such a delegation, then all references to the Administrator in this Plan include such other committee or one or more officers to the extent of such delegation.

(c) No Liability; Indemnification. No member of the Board or the Committee, and no officer or member of any other committee to whom a delegation under Section 3(b) has been made, will be liable for any act done, or determination made, by the individual in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each such individual as to any acts or omissions, or determinations made, in each case done or made in good faith, with respect to this Plan or any Award to the maximum extent that the law and the Companys By-Laws permit.

4. Eligibility

The Administrator may designate any of the following as a Participant from time to time, to the extent of the Administrators authority: any officer or other employee of the Company or its Affiliates; any individual that the Company or an Affiliate has engaged to become an officer or employee; any consultant or advisor who provides services to the Company or its Affiliates; or any Director, including a Non-Employee Director. The Administrators designation of, or granting of an Award to, a Participant will not require the Administrator to designate such individual as a Participant or grant an Award to such individual at any future time. The Administrators granting of a particular type of Award to a Participant will not require the Administrator to grant any other type of Award to such individual.

5. Types of Awards; Award Agreements

Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator may grant any type of Award to any Participant it selects, but only employees of the Company or a Subsidiary may receive grants of incentive stock options within the meaning of Code Section 422. Awards may be granted alone or in addition to, in tandem with, or (subject to the prohibition on repricing set forth in Section 17(e)) in substitution for any other Award (or any other award granted under another plan of the Company or any Affiliate, including the plan of an acquired entity). Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award agreement, which may include such other provisions (whether or not applicable to the Award granted to any other Participant) as the Administrator determines appropriate to the extent not otherwise prohibited by the terms of the Plan.

6. Shares Reserved under this Plan

(a) Plan Reserve. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 19, an aggregate of 2,194,444 Shares, are reserved for issuance under this Plan; provided that only 61,111 of such Shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. The Shares reserved for issuance may be either authorized and unissued Shares or Shares reacquired at any time and now or hereafter held as treasury stock.

(b) Depletion of Reserve. The aggregate number of Shares reserved under Section 6(a) shall be depleted on the date of grant of an Award by the maximum number of Shares, if any, that may be issuable under an Award as determined at the time of grant. For the avoidance of doubt, awards that may only be settled in cash (determined at the time of grant) shall not deplete the share reserve.

(c) Replenishment of Shares Under this Plan. If (i) an Award lapses, expires, terminates or is cancelled without the issuance of Shares under the Award (whether due currently or on a deferred basis), (ii) it is determined during or at the conclusion of the term of an Award that all or some portion of the Shares with respect to which the Award was granted will not be issuable on the basis that the conditions for such issuance will not be satisfied, (iii) Shares are forfeited under an Award, (iv) Shares are issued under any Award and the Company subsequently reacquires them pursuant to rights reserved upon the issuance of the Shares, or (v) an Award or a portion thereof is settled in Cash, then such Shares shall be recredited to the Plans reserve and may again be used for new Awards under this Plan, but Shares recredited to the Plans reserve pursuant to clause (iv) may not be issued pursuant to incentive stock options. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the following Shares be recredited to the Plans reserve: (i) Shares purchased by the Company using proceeds from Option exercises; (ii) Shares tendered or withheld in payment of the exercise price of an Option or as a result of the net settlement of an outstanding Stock Appreciation Right; or (iii) Shares tendered or withheld to satisfy federal, state or local tax withholding obligations.

(d) Director Award Limit. In no event shall the aggregate grant date value (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) of all Awards granted to a Non-Employee Director in a fiscal year of the Company, taken together with any cash fees paid during a calendar year to the Non-Employee Director, exceed $250,000; provided, however, that such limit shall be doubled with respect to the first year during which the Non-Employee Director first serves on the Board.

7. Options

(a) Terms. Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator will determine all terms and conditions of each Option, including but not limited to: (i) whether the Option is an incentive stock option which meets the requirements of Code Section 422, or a nonqualified stock option which does not meet the requirements of Code Section 422; (ii) the grant date, which may not be any day prior to the date that the Administrator approves the grant; (iii) the number of Shares subject to the Option; (iv) the exercise price, which may never be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the Option as determined on the date of grant; (v) the terms and conditions of vesting and exercise; (vi) the term, except that an Option must terminate no later than 10 years after the date of grant; and (vii) the manner of payment of the exercise price.

(b) Incentive Stock Options. The terms of any incentive stock option should comply with the provisions of Code Section 422 except to the extent the Administrator determines otherwise. If an Option that is intended to be an incentive stock option fails to meet the requirements thereof, the Option shall automatically be treated as a nonqualified stock option to the extent of such failure.

(c) Exercise. To the extent permitted by the Administrator, and subject to such procedures as the Administrator may specify, the payment of the exercise price of Options may be made by (w) delivery of cash or other Shares or other securities of the Company (including by attestation) having a then Fair Market Value equal to the purchase price of such Shares, (x) by delivery (including by fax) to the Company or its designated agent of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to a broker-dealer to sell or margin a sufficient portion of the Shares and deliver the sale or margin loan proceeds directly to the Company to pay for the exercise price, (y) by surrendering the right to receive Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant upon exercise of the Award having a Fair Market Value at the time of exercise equal to the total exercise price, or (z) by any combination of (w), (x) and/or (y).

(d) No Rights as Shareholder. Except to the extent otherwise set forth in an Award agreement, a Participant shall have no rights as a holder of Stock as a result of the grant of an Option until the Option is exercised, the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes are paid and the Shares subject to the Option are issued thereunder.

8. Stock Appreciation Rights

(a) Terms. Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator will determine all terms and conditions of each SAR, including but not limited to: (i) whether the SAR is granted independently of an Option or in tandem with an Option; (ii) the grant date, which may not be any day prior to the date that the Administrator approves the grant; (iii) the number of Shares to which the SAR relates; (iv) the grant price, which may never be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the SAR as determined on the date of grant; (v) the terms and conditions of exercise or maturity, including vesting; (vi) the term, provided that an SAR must terminate no later than 10 years after the date of grant; and (vii) whether the SAR will be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof.

(b) Tandem SARs. If an SAR is granted in relation to an Option, then unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the SAR shall be exercisable or shall mature at the same time or times, on the same conditions and to the extent and in the proportion, that the related Option is exercisable and may be exercised or mature for all or part of the Shares subject to the related Option. Upon exercise of any number of SARs, the number of Shares subject to the related Option shall be reduced accordingly and such Option 

may not be exercised with respect to that number of Shares. The exercise of any number of Options that relate to an SAR shall likewise result in an equivalent reduction in the number of Shares covered by the related SAR.

9. Performance and Stock Awards

Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator will determine all terms and conditions of each award of Shares, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units, including but not limited to: (a) the number of Shares and/or units to which such Award relates; (b) whether, as a condition for the Participant to realize all or a portion of the benefit provided under the Award, one or more Performance Goals must be achieved during such period as the Administrator specifies; (c) the length of the vesting and/or performance period and, if different, the date on which payment of the benefit provided under the Award will be made; (d) with respect to Performance Units, whether to measure the value of each unit in relation to a designated dollar value or the Fair Market Value of one or more Shares; (e) with respect to Restricted Stock Units and Performance Units, whether to settle such Awards in cash, in Shares (including Restricted Stock), or in a combination of cash and Shares; (f) whether dividends will be paid on Restricted Stock or Performance Shares, provided, however, that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock or Performance Shares will be accumulated and paid if and only to the same extent as the Restricted Stock or Performance Shares vest.

10. Annual Incentive Awards

Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator will determine all terms and conditions of an Annual Incentive Award, including but not limited to the Performance Goals, performance period, the potential amount payable and the timing of payment; provided that the Administrator must require that payment of all or any portion of the amount subject to the Annual Incentive Award is contingent on the achievement or partial achievement of one or more Performance Goals during the period the Administrator specifies, although the Administrator may specify that all or a portion of the Performance Goals subject to an Award are deemed achieved upon a Participants death, Disability, retirement, or such other circumstances as the Administrator may specify, if applicable; and provided further that any performance period applicable to an Annual Incentive Award must relate to a period of at least one year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing hereunder shall preclude or limit the Company or the Administrator from granting annual incentive awards that are solely payable in cash outside of the terms of the Plan.

11. Long-Term Incentive Awards

Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator will determine all terms and conditions of a Long-Term Incentive Award, including but not limited to the Performance Goals, performance period (which must be more than one year), the potential amount payable, and the timing of payment; provided that the Administrator must require that payment of all or any portion of the amount subject to the Long-Term Incentive Award is contingent on the achievement or partial achievement of one or more Performance Goals during the period the Administrator specifies, although the Administrator may specify that all or a portion of the Performance Goals subject to an Award are deemed achieved upon a Participants death, Disability, retirement, or such other circumstances as the Administrator may specify, if applicable, or such other circumstances as the Administrator may specify. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing hereunder shall preclude or limit the Company or the Administrator from granting long-term incentive awards that are solely payable in cash outside of the terms of the Plan.

12. Dividend Equivalent Units

Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator will determine all terms and conditions of each award of Dividend Equivalent Units, including but not limited to whether: (a) such Award will be granted in tandem with another Award; (b) payment of the Award will be made concurrently with dividend payments or credited to an account for the Participant which provides for the deferral of such amounts until a stated time; (c) the Award will be settled in cash or Shares; and (d) as a condition for the Participant to realize all or a portion of the benefit provided under the Award, one or more Performance Goals must be achieved during such period as the Administrator specifies; provided that Dividend Equivalent Units may not be granted in connection with an Option or Stock Appreciation Right; and provided further that no Dividend Equivalent Unit granted in tandem with another Award shall include vesting provisions more favorable to the Participant than the vesting provisions, if any, to which the tandem Award is subject; and provided further that no Dividend Equivalent Unit relating to another Award shall provide for payment with respect to such other Award prior to its vesting.

13. Other Stock-Based Awards

Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Administrator may grant to a Participant shares of unrestricted Stock as replacement for other compensation to which the Participant is entitled, such as in payment of director fees, in lieu of cash compensation, in exchange for cancellation of a compensation right, or as a bonus.

14. Minimum Vesting Periods

Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, all Awards shall have a minimum vesting period of one year from the date of grant, provided that Awards with respect to up to 5% of the total number of Shares reserved pursuant to Section 6(a) shall not be subject to such minimum vesting period. For purposes of Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors, one year may mean the period 

of time from one annual shareholders meeting to the next annual shareholders meeting, provided that such period of time is not less than 50 weeks.

15. Transferability

Awards are not transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, unless and to the extent the Administrator allows a Participant to: (a) designate in writing a beneficiary to exercise the Award or receive payment under the Award after the Participants death; (b) transfer an Award to the former spouse of the Participant as required by a domestic relations order incident to a divorce; or (c) transfer an Award; provided, however, that with respect to clause (c) above the Participant may not receive consideration for such a transfer of an Award.

16. Termination of Employment

(a) Effect of Termination on Awards. Except as otherwise provided in any Award or employment agreement or as determined by the Committee at the time of such termination:

(i) Upon termination of employment or service for Cause, Participant shall forfeit all outstanding Awards immediately upon such termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Participant will be prohibited from exercising any Stock Options or SARs on his or her termination date.

(ii) If Participants employment or service terminates by reason of Participants death or Disability (at a time when Participant could not have been terminated for Cause), Participant shall forfeit the unvested portion of any Award, and any vested Options or SARs shall remain exercisable until the earlier of the Awards original expiration date or 12 months from the date of Participants termination.

(iii) If Participants employment or service terminates for any reason other than Cause, death or Disability (at a time when Participant could not have been terminated for Cause), then Participant shall forfeit the unvested portion of any Award, and any vested Options or SARs shall remain exercisable until the earlier of the Awards original expiration date or three months from the date of Participants termination.

(b) Definition of Termination. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator or set forth in an Award agreement, for purposes of the Plan and all Awards, the following rules shall apply:

(i) A Participant who transfers employment between the Company and its Affiliates, or between Affiliates, will not be considered to have terminated employment;

(ii) A Participant who ceases to be a Non-Employee Director because he or she becomes an employee of the Company or an Affiliate shall not be considered to have ceased service as a Director with respect to any Award until such Participants termination of employment with the Company and its Affiliates;

(iii) A Participant who ceases to be employed by the Company or an Affiliate and immediately thereafter becomes a Non-Employee Director, a non-employee director of an Affiliate, or a consultant to the Company or any Affiliate shall not be considered to have terminated employment until such Participants service as a director of, or consultant to, the Company and its Affiliates has ceased; and

(iv) A Participant employed by an Affiliate will be considered to have terminated employment when such entity ceases to be an Affiliate.

(v) A Participants authorized leave of absence shall not constitute termination of employment. However, if a leave of absence exceeds 90 days, vesting of any outstanding Awards under this Plan may be suspended until Participant returns to work, as determined by the Administrator.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of an Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, if a Participants termination of employment or service triggers the payment of compensation under such Award, then the Participant will be deemed to have terminated employment or service upon his or her separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan or an Award to the contrary, if any Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A as of the date of his or her separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then, to the extent required by Code Section 409A, any payment made to the Participant on account of such separation from service shall not be made before a date that is six months after the date of the separation from service.

17. Termination and Amendment of Plan; Amendment, Modification or Cancellation of Awards

(a) Term of Plan. Unless the Board earlier terminates this Plan pursuant to Section 17(b), this Plan will terminate upon the date that is 10 years from the date of its most recent approval by the Companys shareholders.

(b) Termination and Amendment. The Board or the Administrator may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate this Plan at any time, subject to the following limitations:

(i) The Board must approve any amendment of this Plan to the extent the Company determines such approval is required by: (A) prior action of the Board, (B) applicable corporate law or (C) any other applicable law;

(ii) Shareholders must approve any amendment of this Plan to the extent the Company determines such approval is required by: (A) Section 16 of the Exchange Act, (B) the Code, (C) the listing requirements of any principal securities exchange or market on which the Shares are then traded or (D) any other applicable law; and

(iii) Shareholders must approve any of the following Plan amendments: (A) an amendment to materially increase any number of Shares specified in Section 6(a) (except as permitted by Section 19), or (B) an amendment that would diminish the protections afforded by Section 17(e).

(c) Amendment, Modification, Cancellation and Disgorgement of Awards.

(i) Except as provided in Section 17(e) and subject to the requirements of this Plan, the Administrator may modify, amend or cancel any Award; provided that, except as otherwise provided in the Plan or the Award agreement, any modification or amendment that materially diminishes the rights of the Participant, or the cancellation of an Award, shall be effective only if agreed to by the Participant or any other person(s) as may then have an interest in such Award, but the Administrator need not obtain Participant (or other interested party) consent for the modification, amendment or cancellation of an Award pursuant to the provisions of subsection (ii) or Section 19 or as follows: (A) to the extent the Administrator deems such action necessary to comply with any applicable law or the listing requirements of any principal securities exchange or market on which the Shares are then traded; (B) to the extent the Administrator deems necessary to preserve favorable accounting or tax treatment of any Award for the Company; or (C) to the extent the Administrator determines that such action does not materially and adversely affect the value of an Award or that such action is in the best interest of the affected Participant (or any other person(s) as may then have an interest in the Award). Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, any such amendment shall be made in a manner that will enable an Award intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A to continue to be so exempt, or to enable an Award intended to comply with Code Section 409A to continue to so comply.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in an Award agreement, the Administrator shall have full power and authority to terminate or cause the Participant to forfeit the Award, and require the Participant to disgorge to the Company any gains attributable to the Award, if the Participant engages in any action constituting, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion, Cause for termination, or a breach of any Award agreement or any other agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate concerning non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, trade secrets, intellectual property, non-disparagement or similar obligations.

(iii) Any Awards granted pursuant to this Plan, and any Stock issued or cash paid pursuant to an Award, shall be subject to any recoupment or clawback policy that is adopted by, or any recoupment or similar requirement otherwise made applicable by law, regulation or listing standards to, the Company from time to time.

(d) Survival of Authority and Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the authority of the Board and the Administrator under this Section 17 and to otherwise administer the Plan with respect to then-outstanding Awards will extend beyond the date of this Plans termination. In addition, termination of this Plan will not affect the rights of Participants with respect to Awards previously granted to them, and all unexpired Awards will continue in force and effect after termination of this Plan except as they may lapse or be terminated by their own terms and conditions.

(e) Repricing and Backdating Prohibited. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, and except for the adjustments provided for in Section 19, neither the Administrator nor any other person may (i) amend the terms of outstanding Options or SARs to reduce the exercise or grant price of such outstanding Options or SARs; (ii) cancel outstanding Options or SARs in exchange for Options or SARs with an exercise or grant price that is less than the exercise or grant price of the original Options or SARs; or (iii) cancel outstanding Options or SARs with an exercise or grant price above the current Fair Market Value of a Share in exchange for cash or other securities. In addition, the Administrator may not make a grant of an Option or SAR with a grant date that is effective prior to the date the Administrator takes action to approve such Award.

(f) Foreign Participation. To assure the viability of Awards granted to Participants employed or residing in foreign countries, the Administrator may provide for such special terms as it may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy, accounting or custom. Moreover, the Administrator may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements or alternative versions of, this Plan as it determines is necessary or appropriate for such purposes. Any such amendment, restatement or alternative versions that the Administrator approves for purposes of using this Plan in a foreign country 

will not affect the terms of this Plan for any other country. In addition, all such supplements, amendments, restatements or alternative versions must comply with the provisions of Section 17(b)(ii).

18. Taxes

(a) Withholding. In the event the Company or one of its Affiliates is required to withhold any Federal, state or local taxes or other amounts in respect of any income recognized by a Participant as a result of the grant, vesting, payment or settlement of an Award or disposition of any Shares acquired under an Award, the Company may deduct (or require an Affiliate to deduct) from any payments of any kind otherwise due the Participant cash, or with the consent of the Administrator, Shares otherwise deliverable or vesting under an Award, to satisfy such tax or other obligations. Alternatively, the Company or its Affiliate may require such Participant to pay to the Company or its Affiliate, in cash, promptly on demand, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company or its Affiliate regarding the payment to the Company or its Affiliate of the aggregate amount of any such taxes and other amounts. If Shares are deliverable upon exercise or payment of an Award, then the Administrator may permit a Participant to satisfy all or a portion of the Federal, state and local withholding tax obligations arising in connection with such Award by electing to (i) have the Company or its Affiliate withhold Shares otherwise issuable under the Award, (ii) tender back Shares received in connection with such Award or (iii) deliver other previously owned Shares, in each case having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount to be withheld; provided that the amount to be withheld in Shares may not exceed the total maximum statutory tax withholding obligations associated with the transaction to the extent needed for the Company and its Affiliates to avoid an accounting charge. If an election is provided, the election must be made on or before the date as of which the amount of tax to be withheld is determined and otherwise as the Administrator requires. In any case, the Company and its Affiliates may defer making payment or delivery under any Award if any such tax may be pending unless and until indemnified to its satisfaction.

(b) No Guarantee of Tax Treatment. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Plan to the contrary, the Company does not guarantee to any Participant or any other Person with an interest in an Award that (i) any Award intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A shall be so exempt, (ii) any Award intended to comply with Code Section 409A or Code Section 422 shall so comply, or (iii) any Award shall otherwise receive a specific tax treatment under any other applicable tax law, nor in any such case will the Company or any Affiliate be required to indemnify, defend or hold harmless any individual with respect to the tax consequences of any Award.

19. Adjustment and Change of Control Provisions

(a) Adjustment of Shares. If (i) the Company shall at any time be involved in a merger or other transaction in which the Shares are changed or exchanged; (ii) the Company shall subdivide or combine the Shares or the Company shall declare a dividend payable in Shares, other securities (other than stock purchase rights issued pursuant to a shareholder rights agreement) or other property; (iii) the Company shall effect a cash dividend the amount of which, on a per Share basis, exceeds 10% of the Fair Market Value of a Share at the time the dividend is declared, or the Company shall effect any other dividend or other distribution on the Shares in the form of cash, or a repurchase of Shares, that the Board determines by resolution is special or extraordinary in nature or that is in connection with a transaction that the Company characterizes publicly as a recapitalization or reorganization involving the Shares; or (iv) any other event shall occur, which, in the case of this clause (iv), in the judgment of the Administrator necessitates an adjustment to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Plan, then the Administrator shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Plan, adjust any or all of: (A) the number and type of Shares subject to this Plan (including the number and type of Shares described in Sections 6(a) and (c)) and which may after the event be made the subject of Awards; (B) the number and type of Shares subject to outstanding Awards; (C) the grant, purchase, or exercise price with respect to any Award; and (D) the Performance Goals of an Award. In any such case, the Administrator may also (or in lieu of the foregoing) make provision for a cash payment to the holder of an outstanding Award in exchange for the cancellation of all or a portion of the Award (without the consent of the holder of an Award) in an amount determined by the Administrator effective at such time as the Administrator specifies (which may be the time such transaction or event is effective). However, in each case, with respect to Awards of incentive stock options, no such adjustment may be authorized to the extent that such authority would cause this Plan to violate Code Section 422(b). Further, the number of Shares subject to any Award payable or denominated in Shares must always be a whole number. In any event, previously granted Options or SARs are subject to only such adjustments as are necessary to maintain the relative proportionate interest the Options and SARs represented immediately prior to any such event and to preserve, without exceeding, the value of such Options or SARs.

Without limitation, in the event of any reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination or other similar corporate transaction or event, whether or not constituting a Change of Control (other than any such transaction in which the Company is the continuing corporation and in which the outstanding Stock is not being converted into or exchanged for different securities, cash or other property, or any combination thereof), the Administrator may substitute, on an equitable basis as the Administrator determines, for each Share then subject to an Award and the Shares subject to this Plan (if the Plan will continue in effect), the number and kind of shares of stock, other securities, cash or other property to which holders of Stock are or will be entitled in respect of each Share pursuant to the transaction.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a stock dividend (other than a stock dividend declared in lieu of an ordinary cash dividend) or subdivision or combination of the Shares (including a reverse stock split), if no action is taken by the Administrator, adjustments contemplated by this subsection that are proportionate shall nevertheless automatically be made as of the date of such stock dividend or subdivision or combination of the Shares.

(b) Issuance or Assumption. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, and without affecting the number of Shares otherwise reserved or available under this Plan, in connection with any merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock or reorganization, the Administrator may authorize the issuance or assumption of awards under this Plan upon such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate.

(c) Effect of Change of Control.

(i) Upon a Change of Control, if the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) so agrees, then, without the consent of any Participant (or other person with rights in an Award), some or all outstanding Awards may be assumed, or replaced with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions, by the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) in the Change of Control transaction. If applicable, each Award which is assumed by the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) shall be appropriately adjusted, immediately after such Change of Control, to apply to the number and class of securities which would have been issuable to the Participant upon the consummation of such Change of Control had the Award been exercised, vested or earned immediately prior to such Change of Control, and such other appropriate adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Award shall be made. Upon the Participants termination of employment (A) by the successor or surviving corporation without Cause, (B) by reason of death or Disability, or (C) by the Participant for good reason, as defined in any employment, retention, change of control, severance or similar agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate, if any, in any case within 24 months following the Change of Control, all of the Participants Awards that are in effect as of the date of such termination shall be vested in full or deemed earned in full (assuming target performance goals provided under such Award were met, if applicable) effective on the date of such termination.

(ii) To the extent the purchaser, successor or surviving entity (or parent thereof) in the Change of Control transaction does not assume the Awards or issue replacement awards as provided in clause (i) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by reason of Participants termination of employment in connection with the Change of Control), then immediately prior to the date of the Change of Control:

(A) Each Option or SAR that is then held by a Participant who is employed by or in the service of the Company or an Affiliate shall become immediately and fully vested, and, unless otherwise determined by the Board or Administrator, all Options and SARs shall be cancelled on the date of the Change of Control in exchange for a cash payment equal to the excess of the Change of Control Price (as defined below) of the Shares covered by the Option or SAR that is so cancelled over the purchase or grant price of such Shares under the Award; provided, however, that all Options and SARs that have a purchase or grant price that is less than the Change of Control Price shall be cancelled for no consideration;

(B) Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Deferred Stock Rights (that are not Performance Awards) that are not then vested shall vest;

(C) All Performance Awards that are earned but not yet paid shall be paid, and all Performance Awards for which the performance period has not expired shall be cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the amount that would have been due under such Award(s), valued at either (i) based on the level of achievement of the Performance Goals that had been met on the date immediately prior to the date of the Change in Control or (ii) assuming that the target Performance Goals had been met at the time of such Change of Control, but prorated based on the elapsed portion of the performance period as of the date of the Change of Control, whichever shall result in the greater amount.

(D) All Dividend Equivalent Units that are not vested shall vest (to the same extent as the Award granted in tandem with the Dividend Equivalent Unit, if applicable) and be paid; and

(E) All other Awards that are not vested shall vest and if an amount is payable under such vested Award, such amount shall be paid in cash based on the value of the Award.

Change of Control Price shall mean the per share price paid or deemed paid in the Change of Control transaction, as determined by the Administrator. For purposes of this clause (ii), if the value of an Award is based on the Fair Market Value of a Share, Fair Market Value shall be deemed to mean the Change of Control Price.

(d) Parachute Payment Limitation.

(i) Except as may be set forth in a written agreement by and between the Company and the holder of an Award, in the event that the Companys auditors determine that any payment or transfer by the Company under this Plan to or for the benefit of a Participant (a Payment) would be nondeductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of the provisions concerning excess parachute payments in Code Section 280G, then the aggregate present value of all Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount; provided that the foregoing reduction in the Payments shall not apply if the After-Tax Value to the Participant of the Payments prior to reduction in accordance herewith is greater than the After-Tax Value to the Participant if the Payments are reduced in accordance herewith. For purposes of this Section 19(d), the Reduced Amount shall be the amount, expressed as a present value, which maximizes the aggregate present value of the Payments without causing any Payment to be nondeductible by the Company because of Code Section 280G. For purposes of determining the After-Tax Value of the Payments, the Participant shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes and 

employment taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income and employment taxation in the calendar year in which the Payments are to be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of taxation in the state and locality of the Participants domicile for income tax purposes on the date the Payments are to be made, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that may be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.

(ii) If the Companys auditors determine that any Payment would be nondeductible by the Company because of Code Section 280G, then the Company shall promptly give the Participant notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof and of the Reduced Amount and the After-Tax Value. If the present value of all Payments must be reduced under paragraph (i) to the Reduced Amount, then any such payment or benefit shall be reduced or eliminated by applying the following principles, in order: (1) the payment or benefit with the higher ratio of the parachute payment value to present economic value (determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions) shall be reduced or eliminated before a payment or benefit with a lower ratio; (2) the payment or benefit with the later possible payment date shall be reduced or eliminated before a payment or benefit with an earlier payment date; and (3) cash payments shall be reduced prior to non-cash benefits; provided that if the foregoing order of reduction or elimination would violate Section 409A of the Code, then the reduction shall be made pro rata among the payment or benefits (on the basis of the relative present value of the parachute payments). For purposes of this Section 19(d), present value shall be determined in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(4). All determinations made by the Companys auditors under this Section 19(d) shall be binding upon the Company and the Participant and shall be made within 60 days of the date when a Payment becomes payable or transferable. As promptly as practicable following such determination hereunder, the Company shall pay or transfer to or for the benefit of the Participant such amounts as are then due to him or her under this Plan and shall promptly pay or transfer to or for the benefit of the Participant in the future such amounts as become due to him or her under this Plan.

(iii) As a result of uncertainty in the application of Code Section 280G at the time of an initial determination by the Companys auditors hereunder, it is possible that Payments will have been made by the Company that should not have been made (an Overpayment) or that additional Payments that will not have been made by the Company could have been made (an Underpayment), consistent in each case with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Companys auditors, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Participant that the auditors believe has a high probability of success, determine that an Overpayment has been made, such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Participant which he or she shall repay to the Company, together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Code Section 7872(f)(2); provided that no amount shall be payable by the Participant to the Company if and to the extent that such payment would not reduce the amount subject to taxation under Code Section 4999. In the event that the auditors determine that an Underpayment has occurred, such Underpayment shall promptly be paid or transferred by the Company to or for the benefit of the Participant, together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Code Section 7872(f)(2).

(iv) For purposes of this Section 19(d), the term Company shall include affiliated corporations to the extent determined by the Companys auditors in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(5).

(e) Certain Modifications. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 19, the Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, amend, modify or rescind the provisions of this Section 19 if it determines that the operation of this Section 19 may prevent a transaction in which the Company, a Subsidiary or any Affiliate is a party from receiving desired tax treatment, including without limitation requiring that each Participant receive a replacement or substitute Award issued by the surviving or acquiring corporation.

20. Miscellaneous

(a) Code Section 409A. Any Award granted under this Plan shall be provided or made in such manner and at such time as complies with the applicable requirements of Code Section 409A to avoid a plan failure described in Code Section 409A(a)(1), including, without limitation, deferring payment to a specified employee or until a specified distribution event, as provided in Code Section 409A(a)(2), and the provisions of Code Section 409A are incorporated into this Plan to the extent necessary for any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A to comply therewith.

(b) No Right to Employment. The issuance of an Award shall not confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continued employment or service with the Company or any Affiliate, or the right to continue as a Director.

(c) No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares or other securities may be issued or delivered pursuant to this Plan, and the Administrator may determine whether cash, other securities or other property will be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Shares or other securities, or whether such fractional Shares or other securities or any rights to fractional Shares or other securities will be canceled, terminated or otherwise eliminated.

(d) Unfunded Plan; Awards Not Includable for Benefits Purposes. This Plan is unfunded and does not create, and should not be construed to create, a trust or separate fund with respect to this Plans benefits. This Plan does not establish any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant or other person. To the extent any person holds any rights by virtue of an Award granted under this Plan, such rights are no greater than the rights of the Companys general unsecured creditors. Income recognized by a Participant pursuant to an Award shall not be included in the determination of benefits under any employee 

pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) or group insurance or other benefit plans applicable to the Participant which are maintained by the Company or any Affiliate, except as may be provided under the terms of such plans or determined by resolution of the Board.

(e) Requirements of Law and Securities Exchange. The granting of Awards and the issuance of Shares in connection with an Award are subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan or any award agreement, the Company has no liability to deliver any Shares under this Plan or make any payment unless such delivery or payment would comply with all applicable laws and the applicable requirements of any securities exchange or similar entity, and unless and until the Participant has taken all actions required by the Company in connection therewith. The Company may impose such restrictions on any Shares issued under the Plan as the Company determines necessary or desirable to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations or the requirements of any national securities exchanges.

(f) Governing Law; Venue. This Plan, and all agreements under this Plan, will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to any conflict of law principles. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Plan, any Award or any award agreement, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Plan, any Award or any award agreement, may only be brought and determined in a court sitting in Fairfield County, CT.

(g) Limitations on Actions. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Plan, any Award or any award agreement, must be brought within one year (365 days) after the day the complaining party first knew or should have known of the events giving rise to the complaint.

(h) Construction. Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine, they shall be construed as though they were used in the feminine in all cases where they would so apply; and wherever any words are used in the singular or plural, they shall be construed as though they were used in the plural or singular, as the case may be, in all cases where they would so apply. Titles of sections are for general information only, and this Plan is not to be construed with reference to such titles. The title, label or characterization of an Award in an award agreement or in the Companys public filings or other disclosures shall not be determinative as to which specific Award type is represented by the award agreement. Instead, the Administrator may determine which specific type(s) of Award(s) is (are) represented by any award agreement, at the time such Award is granted or at any time thereafter.

(i) Severability. If any provision of this Plan or any award agreement or any Award (a) is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or as to any person or Award, or (b) would cause this Plan, any award agreement or any Award to violate or be disqualified under any law the Administrator deems applicable, then such provision should be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Administrator, materially altering the intent of this Plan, award agreement or Award, then such provision should be stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or Award, and the remainder of this Plan, such award agreement and such Award will remain in full force and effect.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>fcel-20250417xex10d1001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fcel-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.SCH
<TEXT>
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fcel-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.LAB
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line1 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Security Exchange Name 

Trading Symbol
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fcel-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.PRE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name FUELCELL ENERGY, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000886128

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 1-14204

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 06-0853042

Entity Address, Address Line One 3 Great Pasture Road

Entity Address, City or Town Danbury

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06810

City Area Code 203

Local Phone Number 825-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Trading Symbol FCEL

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.fuelcellenergy.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fcel-20250417.xsd 
fcel-20250417_lab.xml 
fcel-20250417_pre.xml 
fcel-20250417x8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001558370-25-005071-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>fcel-20250417x8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000886128 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0000886128 
false 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
FUELCELL ENERGY, INC. 
DE 
1-14204 
06-0853042 
3 Great Pasture Road 
Danbury 
CT 
06810 
203 
825-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
FCEL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>