<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-036057.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-036057.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417164115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-036057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250416
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zura Bio Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40598
		FILM NUMBER:		25847909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4225 EXECUTIVE SQUARE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-247-0520

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4225 EXECUTIVE SQUARE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JATT Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210407
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512482d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185564400018556442025-04-162025-04-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

Warrants [Member]

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section13 or
15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of1934

April 16, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Zura
Bio Limited

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-40598 98-1725736

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

1489 W. Warm Springs Rd.#110

Henderson, NV89014

(Address of principal executive
offices,

including zip code)

(702) 825-9872

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

(Former name or former address,
if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class TradingSymbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share ZURA The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Zura Bio Limited (the Company)
entered into share surrender and warrant agreements (the Agreements) with entities affiliated with Venrock Healthcare
Capital Partners (collectively, Venrock) on April 16, 2025 and AI Biotechnology, LLC (AI Biotechnology
and, together with Venrock, the Shareholders) on April 17, 2025, pursuant to which (i) Venrock and AI Biotechnology
will surrender an aggregate of 3.5 million and 3.0 million shares, respectively, of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), owned by the Shareholders, for no consideration, which will
be immediately cancelled and retired, upon surrender; and (2) the Company will issue pre-funded warrants (the
Warrants) to Venrock and AI Biotechnology to purchase an aggregate of 3.5 million and 3.0 million Ordinary Shares,
respectively, with an exercise price of $0.001 per share and no expiration date. The Warrants will be exercisable immediately and
have substantially identical terms to the form of warrant previously filed on April 22, 2024 as Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys
Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40598). A holder of the Warrants (together with its affiliates and other attribution
parties) may not exercise any portion of a Warrant to the extent that immediately prior to or after giving effect to such exercise
the holder would beneficially own more than 9.99% of the Companys outstanding common shares immediately after exercise, which
percentage may be increased or decreased to any other percentage specified not in excess of 9.99% at the holder's election upon 61
days notice to the Company subject to the terms of the Warrants. Immediately following the share surrender and issuance of
the Warrants, the total number of the Companys outstanding Class A ordinary shares and pre-funded warrants are expected to be
61,874,998 and 30,384,348, respectively.

The descriptions of the Agreements and the Warrants
are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Agreements and the form of Warrant, which are filed as Exhibits
10.1, 10.2 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01, above,
is hereby incorporated by reference. The issuance of the Warrants will be made in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant
to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Warrant.

10.1 Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2025, by and among the Company and Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners EG, L.P., Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners III, L.P., and VHCP Co-Investment Holdings III, LLC.

10.2 Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2025, by and between the Company and AI Biotechnology, LLC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ZURA BIO LIMITED

Date: April 17, 2025 By: /s/ Kim Davis

Kim Davis

Chief Operating Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512482d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Form of Warrant

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF SECTION 1 OF
THIS WARRANT, ALL OR A PORTION OF THIS WARRANT MAY HAVE BEEN EXERCISED OR CANCELED, AND THEREFORE THE ACTUAL NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS WARRANT SHOULD CONTACT
ZURA BIO LIMITED IN ADVANCE OF ACQUIRING THIS WARRANT TO BE APPRISED OF THE ACTUAL NUMBER OF SHARES THAT MAY BE ACQUIRED PURSUANT
TO THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT.

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE
CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES

Number of Class A Ordinary
Shares: []

(subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. Original Issue Date: [], 202[]

ZURA BIO LIMITED

Zura Bio Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [] or
its registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company
up to a total of [] Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, (the Ordinary Shares), of the
Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise
price per share equal to $0.001 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the Exercise
Price), upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Ordinary Shares (including any Warrants to Purchase Ordinary Shares issued
in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the date
hereof (the Original Issue Date) until the Warrant has been exercised in full and subject to the following terms
and conditions:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate means
any Person directly or indirectly controlled by, controlling or under common control with, a Holder, but only for so long as such control
shall continue. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, controlled by,
controlling and under common control with) means, with respect to a Person, possession, direct or indirect,
of (a) the power to direct or cause direction of the management and policies of such Person (whether through ownership of securities
or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), or (b) at least 50% of the voting securities (whether directly
or pursuant to any option, warrant or other similar arrangement) or other comparable equity interests.

(b) Attribution Parties
means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder, (ii) any Person
acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Section 13(d) group together with the Holder or any Attribution
Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Ordinary Shares would or could be aggregated with the Holders
and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the
purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(c) Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(d) Closing Sale Price
means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported
by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial
Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin
board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a
particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as
mutually determined in good faith by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market
value of such security, then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value.
The Board of Directors determination shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall
be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation
period.

(e) Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(f) Group shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related rules, regulations and jurisprudence.

(f) Person means an
individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other
entity and a government or any department or agency thereof.

(g) Principal Trading Market
means the national securities exchange or other trading market on which the Ordinary Shares is primarily listed on and quoted for trading,
which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(i) Securities Act means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(j) Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the Principal Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary
Shares that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Issuance Date was T+2.

(k) Trading Day means
any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading.

(l) Transfer Agent means
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Ordinary Shares, and any successor
appointed in such capacity.

2. Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Company
shall register ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is
permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice
to the contrary.

3. Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all
applicable securities laws, the Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this
Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such
registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a
New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant
evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance
of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in
respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, prepare,
issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration
of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

4. Exercise of Warrants.

(a) All or any part of this Warrant shall
be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant (including Section 11) at any time and from time
to time on or after the Original Issue Date, and such rights shall not expire until the Warrant has been exercised in full.

(b) The Holder may exercise this Warrant
by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Exercise Notice),
completed and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being
exercised (which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10
below), and the date on which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions
hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect
an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant
and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

5. Delivery of Warrant Shares.

(a) Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company
shall promptly (but in no event later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise
Date), upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of Ordinary Shares specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice
and to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (the Exercise Shares) to the Holders or its
designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian
system, or if the Transfer Agent is then a participant in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (the FAST Program)
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or the resale of such
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Exercise Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant). If the Transfer Agent is
not a member of the FAST Program or if (A) and (B) above are not true, the Transfer Agent will either (i) record the Exercise
Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee on the certificates reflecting the Exercise Shares with an appropriate legend regarding
restriction on transferability, which shall be issued and dispatched by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise
Notice, and on the Companys share register or (ii) issue such Exercise Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee in
restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. The Holder, or any natural person or legal entity (each, a Person)
so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of
the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account, the date of the book entry
positions or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Exercise Shares, as the case may be.

(b) If the Company fails to deliver to the
Holder or its designee Exercise Shares in the manner required pursuant to Section 5(a) within the Standard Settlement
Period following the Exercise Date and the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Ordinary Shares to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In)
but did not receive within the Standard Settlement Period, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders
request and in the Holders sole discretion, either (1) pay in cash to the Holder an amount equal to the Holders total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased, at which point the Companys obligation
to issue and deliver such Exercise Shares shall terminate or (2) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder or its designee
the Exercise Shares pursuant to Section 5(a) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of
Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased in the Buy-In, less
the product of (A) the number of Ordinary Shares purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the Closing Sale Price of an Ordinary Share
on the Exercise Date.

(c) To the extent permitted by law and subject
to Section5(b), the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with and subject
to the terms hereof (including the limitations set forth in Section 11 below) are absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation
of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Subject to Section5(b), nothing herein shall
limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Ordinary Shares
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery for Ordinary
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other
incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes
and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares or the Warrants in a name other than that
of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding
or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7. Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in
lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable contractual indemnity, if requested by the
Company. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant
to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

8. Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that
it will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued
and otherwise unreserved Ordinary Shares, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant
as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant,
free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments
and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance
and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully
paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such Ordinary Shares may
be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange
or automated quotation system upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the
prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Ordinary Shares at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding.

9. Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Number of Warrant Shares) are subject to adjustment from time to time
as set forth in this Section 9.

(a) Share Dividends and Splits. If
the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a share dividend on its Ordinary Shares or otherwise makes a
distribution on any class of capital shares issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such
shares on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is payable in Ordinary Shares, (ii) subdivides its outstanding Ordinary Shares
into a larger number of Ordinary Shares, (iii) combines its outstanding Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of Ordinary Shares
or (iv) issues by reclassification of capital shares any additional Ordinary Shares of the Company, then in each such case the Number
of Warrant Shares shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately
after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately before such event. Any adjustment
made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend
is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the Number of Warrant Shares shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business
on such record date and thereafter the Number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual
payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(b) Pro Rata Distributions. If, on
or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata distribution of its assets (or rights
to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution
of cash, shares or other securities, property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution
of Ordinary Shares subject to Section 9(a), any distribution of Purchase Rights (as defined below) subject to Section 9(c) and
any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) subject to Section 9(d)) (a Distribution) then, in each
such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage (as defined below)) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, that to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership
of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the
Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution
(and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to
the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(c) Purchase Rights. If at any time
on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase shares,
warrants, securities or other property, in each case pro rata to the record holders of any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum
Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase
Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the
Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum
Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial
Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).
As used in this Section 9(c), (i) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary
Shares or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any shares or securities (other than Options)
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares.

(d) Fundamental Transactions. If,
at any time while this Warrant is issued and outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with
or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior
to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately
after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets
in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person), holders of share capital tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital shares of the
Company and the Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the voting power of the capital shares of
the Company (except for any such transaction in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain,
in substantially the same proportions, the voting power of such Person immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects
any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of Ordinary Shares covered
by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental
Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or
property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without
regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect
any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another
Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise
of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor
to the Company, surviving entity or other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver
to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and
the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous
of a Fundamental Transaction type.

(e) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously
with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder
for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment.

(f) Calculations. All calculations
under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

(g) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the
occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder,
promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth
such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate
to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

(h) Notice of Corporate Events. If,
while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property
in respect of its Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
capital shares of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits
shareholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior
to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Ordinary Shares in order to participate in or vote with
respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity
of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes
or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits shareholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by
Section 9(d), other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9(d), the Company shall
deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction
is consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9(h) in confidence until such information
is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys securities following receipt
any such information.

10. Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless
exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where:

X equals the number of Warrant Shares
to be issued to the Holder;

Y equals the total number of Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

A equals the Closing Sale Prices
of the Ordinary Shares (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets) as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding the Exercise
Date; and

B equals the Exercise Price then
in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed
to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date this
Warrant was originally issued (provided that the Commission continues to take the position that such treatment is proper at the time of
such exercise). In the event that a registration statement registering the issuance of Warrant Shares is, for any reason, not effective
at the time of exercise of this Warrant, then the Warrant may only be exercised through a cashless exercise, as set forth in this Section10.
If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Exercise Shares issued in such exercise shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised
and may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrants being exercised. Except as set forth in Section 5(b) (Buy-In remedy)
and Section 12 (payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

11. Limitations on Exercise.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder of the Warrant shall not have
the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant, and any such exercise shall be null and void ab initio and treated as if the exercise
had not been made, to the extent that immediately prior to or following such exercise, the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties,
beneficially owns or would beneficially own as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder, in excess of 9.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Ordinary Shares that would be issued and outstanding
following such exercise. For purposes of calculating beneficial ownership for determining whether the Maximum Percentage is or will be
exceeded, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties,
shall include the number of Ordinary Shares held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties plus the
number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the relevant Warrant with respect to which the determination is being made but shall
exclude the number of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised Warrant held and/or
beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company held and/or beneficially owned by such Holder or any Attribution Party (including, without limitation,
any convertible notes, convertible shares or warrants) that are subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein. For purposes of this Paragraph 11(a), beneficial ownership of the Holder or the Attribution Parties shall, except as
set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, be calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares,
a Holder of the Warrant may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent
Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission, as the case may be, (2) a
more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting
forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number).
For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm in writing
or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. The Holder shall disclose to the Company the number
of Ordinary Shares that it, together with the Attribution Parties holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through
the exercise of derivative securities and any limitations on exercise or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously
or immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder
at a time when the actual number of outstanding Ordinary Shares is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall
(i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding and, to the extent that such Exercise Notice would
otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this
Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be purchased
pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as
soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares.
In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding
Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Ordinary Shares to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the
Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of
the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued
by which the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage
(the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be immediately and without any further action required on the
part of any Person be surrendered for nil consideration pursuant to Section 37B of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands
(and the Company hereby agrees to accept such surrender), and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote
or (except, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent necessary to give effect to the surrender of such Excess Shares pursuant to this
Section) to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null
and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares and reinstate the Warrant
to the extent of such surrendered Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, a Holder of the Warrant may from time to time increase
or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99% specified in such notice; provided that any increase
in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and shall
not negatively affect any partial exercise effected prior to such change.

(b) This Section 11 shall not
restrict the number of Ordinary Shares which a Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive or beneficially own in order to determine
the amount of securities or other consideration that such Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction as contemplated in Section 9(d) of this Warrant. For purposes of clarity, the Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant
to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution
Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder
or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and Rule 16a-1(a)(1) promulgated thereunder. No prior inability to exercise this Warrant
pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent
determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 11 to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph
which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 11 or to
make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph
may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

12. No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will
be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number
of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market
value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares.

13. Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or
deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail
address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the
next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address
specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time,
on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service
specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if
by hand delivery.

14. Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant
agent under this Warrant. Upon ten (10) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation
into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company
or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all
of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act.
Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage
prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

15. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as a Shareholder. Except
as otherwise expressly set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall
not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything
contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant,
any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any
reorganization, issue of shares, reclassification of shares, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice
of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such
Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed
as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a shareholder
of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(b) Authorized Shares. (i) Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its memorandum and/or articles of association or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue
or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such
exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that
the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

(ii) Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment
in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations
or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(c) Successors and Assigns. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company
without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding
on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence,
nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy
or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors
and assigns.

(d) Amendment and Waiver. Except as
otherwise provided herein, the provisions of the Warrants may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit
to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

(e) Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant
by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

(f) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL
QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND
ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE
COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF
NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH
COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN
ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF
DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(g) Headings. The headings herein
are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(h) Severability. In case any one
or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining
terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Company and the Holder will attempt
in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

ZURA BIO LIMITED

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase Ordinary
Shares under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the
Warrant) issued by Zura Bio Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company). Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant
Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall
be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise 

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant 

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall
pay the sum of $ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver
to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(6) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents
and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the
number of Ordinary Shares (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
permitted to be owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name
of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512482d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SHARE SURRENDER AND WARRANT AGREEMENT

April 16, 2025

Zura Bio Limited

c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309,

Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands

Re: Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement (the Agreement)
confirms the agreement of Zura Bio Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company),
and the holders of the Companys Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary
Shares) listed on Schedule I attached hereto (the Shareholders), pursuant to which (i) the
Shareholders have agreed to surrender an aggregate of 3,500,000 Class A Ordinary Shares (the Shares) beneficially
owned by the Shareholders for no consideration; and (ii) the Company has agreed to issue one or more pre-funded warrants in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (each a Warrant) to purchase an aggregate of 3,500,000 Class A Ordinary
Shares (the Warrant Shares) on the terms specified below.

In consideration of the foregoing, the Company
and the Shareholders agree as follows:

(1) No
later than the close of business on the first day after the date hereof on which The Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading (a Trading
Day), or such other date as mutually agreed upon by the parties of this Agreement (the Closing Date), and
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth herein, (i) the Shareholders shall surrender the Shares for no
consideration (the Surrender); and (ii) the Company shall issue the Warrants (the Warrant Issuance),
in the respective amounts listed on Schedule I. The Surrender and the Warrant Issuance shall each be consummated pursuant to
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). On or prior to the Closing
Date: (a) the Shareholders shall jointly and irrevocably instruct their broker to transfer and surrender the Shares for no consideration
through the Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
LLC (the Transfer Agent); (b) the Company shall accept the surrender of such Shares and instruct the Transfer
Agent to cancel such surrendered Shares; and (c) the Company shall issue and deliver to the Shareholders the Warrants exercisable
for the Warrant Shares, in the amounts and in the names set forth on Schedule I and shall instruct the Transfer Agent to reserve
3,500,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.

(2) The
Company represents and warrants to each Shareholder as follows:

(a) Neither
the Company nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any of the forgoing, has paid or given,
or agreed to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other remuneration (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
promulgated thereunder) for soliciting the Surrender or the Warrant Issuance. Assuming the representations and warranties of the Shareholders
contained herein are true and complete, the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance will qualify for the registration exemption contained in
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.

(b) It
has the requisite corporate power and authority and power to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Surrender and the Warrant
Issuance, and such transactions shall not contravene any contractual, regulatory, statutory or other obligation or restriction applicable
to the Company.

(c) It
has reserved a sufficient number of Class A Ordinary Shares as may be necessary to fully permit the exercise of the Warrants as of
the date of issuance and the issuance of the Warrant Shares, without regard to any adjustment provisions or beneficial ownership limits
set forth in the Warrant.

(3) Each
Shareholder, as to itself only, represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) It
has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and consummate the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance and such transactions
will not contravene any contractual, regulatory, statutory or other obligation or restriction applicable to such Shareholder.

(b) It
is the record and beneficial owner of, and has valid and marketable title to, the Shares being surrendered for no consideration by it
pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any lien, pledge, restriction or other encumbrance (other than restrictions arising pursuant
to applicable securities laws), and has the absolute and unrestricted right, power and capacity to surrender the Shares being surrendered
for no consideration by it pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any lien, pledge, restriction or other encumbrance. It is not
a party to or bound by, and the Shares being surrendered for no consideration by it pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to, any
agreement, understanding or other arrangement (i) granting any option, warrant or right of first refusal with respect to such Shares
to any person, (ii) restricting its right to surrender such Shares for no consideration as contemplated by this Agreement, or (iii) restricting
any other of its rights with respect to such Shares, and it has received no consideration for the surrender of the Shares.

(c) Neither
it nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any of the forgoing, has paid or given, or agreed
to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other remuneration (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) and the
rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder) for soliciting the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance.

(d) Such
Shareholder can bear the economic risk of the Surrender and Warrant Issuance and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks the Surrender and Warrant Issuance and any subsequent exercise of the Warrants,
and upon exercise, any subsequent sales of the Warrant Shares. Such Shareholder is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

(e) Such
Shareholder understands that no public market currently exists for the Warrants.

(4) 
Each of the Company and the Shareholders is liable for, and will pay, its own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation,
execution and delivery of this Agreement, including, without limitation, attorneys and consultants fees and expenses.

(5) The
Company and the Shareholders shall execute and/or deliver such other documents and agreements as are customary and reasonably necessary
to effectuate the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance, including, at the request of the Company or the Transfer Agent, executed stock powers
or share transfer forms in customary form.

(6) This
Agreement, and any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the
State of New York.

(7) In
the event that any part of this Agreement is declared by any court or other judicial or administrative body to be null, void or unenforceable,
said provision shall survive to the extent it is not so declared, and all of the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect. In such an event, the Shareholders and the Company shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to modify this Agreement
so as to affect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible.

(8) This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together,
shall constitute but one instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party hereto and
delivered to the other parties. Each of the undersigned parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Agreement may be executed by electronic
signature, which shall have the same legal force and effect as a handwritten signature.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Please sign to acknowledge agreement with the above terms and return
to the undersigned.

Shareholder:

VENROCK HEALTHCARE CAPITAL PARTNERS EG, L.P. 

By: VHCP Management EG, LLC, its general partner 

By: /s/ Sherman Souther 

Sherman Souther 

Authorized Signatory 

VENROCK HEALTHCARE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, L.P. 

By: VHCP Management III, LLC, its general partner 

By: VR Adviser, LLC, its manager 

By: /s/ Sherman Souther 

Sherman Souther 

Authorized Signatory 

VHCP CO-INVESTMENT HOLDINGS III, LLC 

By: VHCP Management III, LLC, its manager 

By: VR Adviser, LLC, its manager 

By: /s/ Sherman Souther 

Sherman Souther 

Authorized Signatory 

Signature
Page to Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement

Acknowledged and agreed to:

Zura Bio Limited

By: /s/ Verender S. Badial 

Name: Verender S. Badial 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature
Page to Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement

SCHEDULE I

Shareholder Name Number of Class A Ordinary Shares

to be surrendered and cancelled Number of Warrants to be

received

VENROCK HEALTHCARE CAPITAL PARTNERS EG, L.P. 2,764,729 2,764,729

VENROCK HEALTHCARE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, L.P. 668,377 668,377

VHCP CO-INVESTMENT HOLDINGS III, LLC 66,894 66,894

EXHIBIT A

Form of Warrant

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF SECTION 1 OF
THIS WARRANT, ALL OR A PORTION OF THIS WARRANT MAY HAVE BEEN EXERCISED OR CANCELED, AND THEREFORE THE ACTUAL NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS WARRANT SHOULD CONTACT
ZURA BIO LIMITED IN ADVANCE OF ACQUIRING THIS WARRANT TO BE APPRISED OF THE ACTUAL NUMBER OF SHARES THAT MAY BE ACQUIRED PURSUANT
TO THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT.

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE
CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES

Number of Class A Ordinary
Shares: []

(subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. Original Issue Date: [], 202[]

ZURA BIO LIMITED

Zura Bio Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [] or
its registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company
up to a total of [] Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, (the Ordinary Shares), of the
Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise
price per share equal to $0.001 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the Exercise
Price), upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Ordinary Shares (including any Warrants to Purchase Ordinary Shares issued
in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the date
hereof (the Original Issue Date) until the Warrant has been exercised in full and subject to the following terms
and conditions:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate means
any Person directly or indirectly controlled by, controlling or under common control with, a Holder, but only for so long as such control
shall continue. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, controlled by,
controlling and under common control with) means, with respect to a Person, possession, direct or indirect,
of (a) the power to direct or cause direction of the management and policies of such Person (whether through ownership of securities
or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), or (b) at least 50% of the voting securities (whether directly
or pursuant to any option, warrant or other similar arrangement) or other comparable equity interests.

(b) Attribution Parties
means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder, (ii) any Person
acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Section 13(d) group together with the Holder or any Attribution
Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Ordinary Shares would or could be aggregated with the Holders
and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the
purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(c) Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(d) Closing Sale Price
means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported
by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial
Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin
board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a
particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as
mutually determined in good faith by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market
value of such security, then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value.
The Board of Directors determination shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall
be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation
period.

(e) Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(f) Group shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related rules, regulations and jurisprudence.

(f) Person means an
individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other
entity and a government or any department or agency thereof.

(g) Principal Trading Market
means the national securities exchange or other trading market on which the Ordinary Shares is primarily listed on and quoted for trading,
which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(i) Securities Act means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(j) Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the Principal Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary
Shares that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Issuance Date was T+2.

(k) Trading Day means
any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading.

(l) Transfer Agent means
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Ordinary Shares, and any successor
appointed in such capacity.

2. Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Company
shall register ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is
permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice
to the contrary.

3. Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all
applicable securities laws, the Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this
Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such
registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a
New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant
evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance
of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in
respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, prepare,
issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration
of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

4. Exercise of Warrants.

(a) All or any part of this Warrant shall
be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant (including Section 11) at any time and from time
to time on or after the Original Issue Date, and such rights shall not expire until the Warrant has been exercised in full.

(b) The Holder may exercise this Warrant
by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Exercise Notice),
completed and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being
exercised (which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10
below), and the date on which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions
hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect
an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant
and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

5. Delivery of Warrant Shares.

(a) Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company
shall promptly (but in no event later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise
Date), upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of Ordinary Shares specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice
and to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (the Exercise Shares) to the Holders or its
designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian
system, or if the Transfer Agent is then a participant in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (the FAST Program)
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or the resale of such
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Exercise Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant). If the Transfer Agent is
not a member of the FAST Program or if (A) and (B) above are not true, the Transfer Agent will either (i) record the Exercise
Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee on the certificates reflecting the Exercise Shares with an appropriate legend regarding
restriction on transferability, which shall be issued and dispatched by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise
Notice, and on the Companys share register or (ii) issue such Exercise Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee in
restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. The Holder, or any natural person or legal entity (each, a Person)
so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of
the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account, the date of the book entry
positions or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Exercise Shares, as the case may be.

(b) If the Company fails to deliver to the
Holder or its designee Exercise Shares in the manner required pursuant to Section 5(a) within the Standard Settlement
Period following the Exercise Date and the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Ordinary Shares to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In)
but did not receive within the Standard Settlement Period, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders
request and in the Holders sole discretion, either (1) pay in cash to the Holder an amount equal to the Holders total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased, at which point the Companys obligation
to issue and deliver such Exercise Shares shall terminate or (2) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder or its designee
the Exercise Shares pursuant to Section 5(a) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of
Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased in the Buy-In, less
the product of (A) the number of Ordinary Shares purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the Closing Sale Price of an Ordinary Share
on the Exercise Date.

(c) To the extent permitted by law and subject
to Section5(b), the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with and subject
to the terms hereof (including the limitations set forth in Section 11 below) are absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation
of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Subject to Section5(b), nothing herein shall
limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Ordinary Shares
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery for Ordinary
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other
incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes
and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares or the Warrants in a name other than that
of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding
or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7. Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in
lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable contractual indemnity, if requested by the
Company. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant
to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

8. Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that
it will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued
and otherwise unreserved Ordinary Shares, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant
as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant,
free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments
and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance
and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully
paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such Ordinary Shares may
be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange
or automated quotation system upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the
prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Ordinary Shares at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding.

9. Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Number of Warrant Shares) are subject to adjustment from time to time
as set forth in this Section 9.

(a) Share Dividends and Splits. If
the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a share dividend on its Ordinary Shares or otherwise makes a
distribution on any class of capital shares issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such
shares on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is payable in Ordinary Shares, (ii) subdivides its outstanding Ordinary Shares
into a larger number of Ordinary Shares, (iii) combines its outstanding Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of Ordinary Shares
or (iv) issues by reclassification of capital shares any additional Ordinary Shares of the Company, then in each such case the Number
of Warrant Shares shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately
after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately before such event. Any adjustment
made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend
is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the Number of Warrant Shares shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business
on such record date and thereafter the Number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual
payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(b) Pro Rata Distributions. If, on
or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata distribution of its assets (or rights
to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution
of cash, shares or other securities, property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution
of Ordinary Shares subject to Section 9(a), any distribution of Purchase Rights (as defined below) subject to Section 9(c) and
any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) subject to Section 9(d)) (a Distribution) then, in each
such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage (as defined below)) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, that to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership
of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the
Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution
(and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to
the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(c) Purchase Rights. If at any time
on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase shares,
warrants, securities or other property, in each case pro rata to the record holders of any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum
Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase
Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the
Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum
Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial
Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).
As used in this Section 9(c), (i) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary
Shares or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any shares or securities (other than Options)
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares.

(d) Fundamental Transactions. If,
at any time while this Warrant is issued and outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with
or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior
to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately
after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets
in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person), holders of share capital tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital shares of the
Company and the Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the voting power of the capital shares of
the Company (except for any such transaction in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain,
in substantially the same proportions, the voting power of such Person immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects
any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of Ordinary Shares covered
by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental
Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or
property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without
regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect
any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another
Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise
of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor
to the Company, surviving entity or other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver
to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and
the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous
of a Fundamental Transaction type.

(e) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously
with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder
for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment.

(f) Calculations. All calculations
under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

(g) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the
occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder,
promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth
such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate
to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

(h) Notice of Corporate Events. If,
while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property
in respect of its Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
capital shares of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits
shareholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior
to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Ordinary Shares in order to participate in or vote with
respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity
of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes
or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits shareholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by
Section 9(d), other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9(d), the Company shall
deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction
is consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9(h) in confidence until such information
is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys securities following receipt
any such information.

10. Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless
exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where:

X equals the number of Warrant Shares
to be issued to the Holder;

Y equals the total number of Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

A equals the Closing Sale Prices
of the Ordinary Shares (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets) as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding the Exercise
Date; and

B equals the Exercise Price then
in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed
to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date this
Warrant was originally issued (provided that the Commission continues to take the position that such treatment is proper at the time of
such exercise). In the event that a registration statement registering the issuance of Warrant Shares is, for any reason, not effective
at the time of exercise of this Warrant, then the Warrant may only be exercised through a cashless exercise, as set forth in this Section10.
If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Exercise Shares issued in such exercise shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised
and may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrants being exercised. Except as set forth in Section 5(b) (Buy-In remedy)
and Section 12 (payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

11. Limitations on Exercise.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder of the Warrant shall not have
the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant, and any such exercise shall be null and void ab initio and treated as if the exercise
had not been made, to the extent that immediately prior to or following such exercise, the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties,
beneficially owns or would beneficially own as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder, in excess of 9.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Ordinary Shares that would be issued and outstanding
following such exercise. For purposes of calculating beneficial ownership for determining whether the Maximum Percentage is or will be
exceeded, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties,
shall include the number of Ordinary Shares held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties plus the
number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the relevant Warrant with respect to which the determination is being made but shall
exclude the number of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised Warrant held and/or
beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company held and/or beneficially owned by such Holder or any Attribution Party (including, without limitation,
any convertible notes, convertible shares or warrants) that are subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein. For purposes of this Paragraph 11(a), beneficial ownership of the Holder or the Attribution Parties shall, except as
set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, be calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares,
a Holder of the Warrant may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent
Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission, as the case may be, (2) a
more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting
forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number).
For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm in writing
or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. The Holder shall disclose to the Company the number
of Ordinary Shares that it, together with the Attribution Parties holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through
the exercise of derivative securities and any limitations on exercise or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously
or immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder
at a time when the actual number of outstanding Ordinary Shares is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall
(i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding and, to the extent that such Exercise Notice would
otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this
Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be purchased
pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as
soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares.
In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding
Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Ordinary Shares to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the
Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of
the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued
by which the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage
(the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be immediately and without any further action required on the
part of any Person be surrendered for nil consideration pursuant to Section 37B of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands
(and the Company hereby agrees to accept such surrender), and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote
or (except, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent necessary to give effect to the surrender of such Excess Shares pursuant to this
Section) to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null
and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares and reinstate the Warrant
to the extent of such surrendered Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, a Holder of the Warrant may from time to time increase
or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99% specified in such notice; provided that any increase
in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and shall
not negatively affect any partial exercise effected prior to such change.

(b) This Section 11 shall not
restrict the number of Ordinary Shares which a Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive or beneficially own in order to determine
the amount of securities or other consideration that such Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction as contemplated in Section 9(d) of this Warrant. For purposes of clarity, the Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant
to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution
Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder
or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and Rule 16a-1(a)(1) promulgated thereunder. No prior inability to exercise this Warrant
pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent
determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 11 to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph
which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 11 or to
make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph
may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

12. No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will
be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number
of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market
value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares.

13. Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or
deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail
address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the
next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address
specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time,
on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service
specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if
by hand delivery.

14. Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant
agent under this Warrant. Upon ten (10) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation
into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company
or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all
of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act.
Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage
prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

15. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as a Shareholder. Except
as otherwise expressly set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall
not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything
contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant,
any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any
reorganization, issue of shares, reclassification of shares, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice
of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such
Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed
as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a shareholder
of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(b) Authorized Shares. (i) Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its memorandum and/or articles of association or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue
or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such
exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that
the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

(ii) Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment
in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations
or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(c) Successors and Assigns. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company
without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding
on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence,
nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy
or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors
and assigns.

(d) Amendment and Waiver. Except as
otherwise provided herein, the provisions of the Warrants may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit
to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

(e) Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant
by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

(f) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL
QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND
ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE
COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF
NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH
COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN
ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF
DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(g) Headings. The headings herein
are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(h) Severability. In case any one
or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining
terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Company and the Holder will attempt
in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

ZURA BIO LIMITED

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase Ordinary
Shares under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the
Warrant) issued by Zura Bio Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company). Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant
Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall
be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise 

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant 

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall
pay the sum of $ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver
to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(6) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents
and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the
number of Ordinary Shares (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
permitted to be owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name
of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2512482d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SHARE SURRENDER AND WARRANT AGREEMENT

April 17, 2025

Zura Bio Limited

c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309,

Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands

Re: Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement (the Agreement)
confirms the agreement of Zura Bio Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company),
and the holder of the Companys Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary
Shares) listed on Schedule I attached hereto (the Shareholder), pursuant to which (i) the
Shareholder has agreed to surrender an aggregate of 3,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares (the Shares) beneficially
owned by the Shareholder for no consideration; and (ii) the Company has agreed to issue one or more pre-funded warrants in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (each a Warrant) to purchase an aggregate of 3,000,000 Class A Ordinary
Shares (the Warrant Shares) on the terms specified below.

In consideration of the foregoing, the Company
and the Shareholder agree as follows:

(1) No
later than the close of business on the first day after the date hereof on which The Nasdaq Stock Market is open for trading (a Trading
Day), or such other date as mutually agreed upon by the parties of this Agreement (the Closing Date), and
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth herein, (i) the Shareholder shall surrender the Shares for no consideration
(the Surrender); and (ii) the Company shall issue the Warrants (the Warrant Issuance), in
the respective amounts listed on Schedule I. The Surrender and the Warrant Issuance shall each be consummated pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). On or prior to the Closing Date: (a) the Shareholder
shall jointly and irrevocably instruct its broker to transfer and surrender the Shares for no consideration through the Deposit Withdrawal
at Custodian (DWAC) system to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (the Transfer Agent);
(b) the Company shall accept the surrender of such Shares and instruct the Transfer Agent to cancel such surrendered Shares;
and (c) the Company shall issue and deliver to the Shareholder the Warrants exercisable for the Warrant Shares, in the amounts and
in the names set forth on Schedule I and shall instruct the Transfer Agent to reserve 3,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, issuable
upon the exercise of the Warrants.

(2) The
Company represents and warrants to the Shareholder as follows:

(a) Neither
the Company nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any of the forgoing, has paid or given,
or agreed to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other remuneration (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
promulgated thereunder) for soliciting the Surrender or the Warrant Issuance. Assuming the representations and warranties of the Shareholder
contained herein are true and complete, the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance will qualify for the registration exemption contained in
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.

(b) It
has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance,
and such transactions shall not contravene any contractual, regulatory, statutory or other obligation or restriction applicable to the
Company.

(c) It
has reserved a sufficient number of Class A Ordinary Shares as may be necessary to fully permit the exercise of the Warrants as of
the date of issuance and the issuance of the Warrant Shares, without regard to any adjustment provisions or beneficial ownership limits
set forth in the Warrant.

(3) The
Shareholder represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) It
has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and consummate the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance and such transactions
will not contravene any contractual, regulatory, statutory or other obligation or restriction applicable to such Shareholder.

(b) It
is the record and beneficial owner of, and has valid and marketable title to, the Shares being surrendered for no consideration by it
pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any lien, pledge, restriction or other encumbrance (other than restrictions arising pursuant
to applicable securities laws), and has the absolute and unrestricted right, power and capacity to surrender the Shares being surrendered
for no consideration by it pursuant to this Agreement, free and clear of any lien, pledge, restriction or other encumbrance. It is not
a party to or bound by, and the Shares being surrendered for no consideration by it pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to, any
agreement, understanding or other arrangement (i) granting any option, warrant or right of first refusal with respect to such Shares
to any person, (ii) restricting its right to surrender such Shares for no consideration as contemplated by this Agreement, or (iii) restricting
any other of its rights with respect to such Shares, and it has received no consideration for the surrender of the Shares.

(c) Neither
it nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any of the forgoing, has paid or given, or agreed
to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other remuneration (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) and the
rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder) for soliciting the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance.

(d) Such
Shareholder can bear the economic risk of the Surrender and Warrant Issuance and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks the Surrender and Warrant Issuance and any subsequent exercise of the Warrants,
and upon exercise, any subsequent sales of the Warrant Shares. Such Shareholder is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

(e) Such
Shareholder understands that no public market currently exists for the Warrants.

(4) 
Each of the Company and the Shareholder is liable for, and will pay, its own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation,
execution and delivery of this Agreement, including, without limitation, attorneys and consultants fees and expenses.

(5) The
Company and the Shareholder shall execute and/or deliver such other documents and agreements as are customary and reasonably necessary
to effectuate the Surrender and the Warrant Issuance, including, at the request of the Company or the Transfer Agent, executed stock powers
or share transfer forms in customary form.

(6) This
Agreement, and any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the
State of New York.

(7) In
the event that any part of this Agreement is declared by any court or other judicial or administrative body to be null, void or unenforceable,
said provision shall survive to the extent it is not so declared, and all of the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect. In such an event, the Shareholder and the Company shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to modify this Agreement
so as to affect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible.

(8) This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together,
shall constitute but one instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party hereto and
delivered to the other parties. Each of the undersigned parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Agreement may be executed by electronic
signature, which shall have the same legal force and effect as a handwritten signature.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Please sign to acknowledge agreement with the above terms and return
to the undersigned.

Shareholder:

AI BIOTECHNOLOGY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: Access Industries Management, LLC, its Manager 

By: /s/ Suzette Del Giudice 

Suzette Del Giudice 

Executive Vice President 

By: /s/ Peter L. Thoren 

Peter L. Thoren 

Title: Executive Vice President 

Signature
Page to Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement

Acknowledged and agreed to:

Zura Bio Limited

By: /s/ Verender S. Badial 

Name: Verender S. Badial 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature
Page to Share Surrender and Warrant Agreement

SCHEDULE I

Shareholder Name Number of Class A Ordinary Shares

to be surrendered and cancelled Number of Warrants to be

received

AI BIOTECHNOLOGY LLC 3,000,000 3,000,000

EXHIBIT A

Form of Warrant

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF SECTION 1 OF
THIS WARRANT, ALL OR A PORTION OF THIS WARRANT MAY HAVE BEEN EXERCISED OR CANCELED, AND THEREFORE THE ACTUAL NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES
REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS WARRANT SHOULD CONTACT
ZURA BIO LIMITED IN ADVANCE OF ACQUIRING THIS WARRANT TO BE APPRISED OF THE ACTUAL NUMBER OF SHARES THAT MAY BE ACQUIRED PURSUANT
TO THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT.

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE
CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES

Number of Class A Ordinary
Shares: []

(subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. Original Issue Date: [], 202[]

ZURA BIO LIMITED

Zura Bio Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [] or
its registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company
up to a total of [] Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, (the Ordinary Shares), of the
Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise
price per share equal to $0.001 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the Exercise
Price), upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Ordinary Shares (including any Warrants to Purchase Ordinary Shares issued
in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the date
hereof (the Original Issue Date) until the Warrant has been exercised in full and subject to the following terms
and conditions:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate means
any Person directly or indirectly controlled by, controlling or under common control with, a Holder, but only for so long as such control
shall continue. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, controlled by,
controlling and under common control with) means, with respect to a Person, possession, direct or indirect,
of (a) the power to direct or cause direction of the management and policies of such Person (whether through ownership of securities
or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), or (b) at least 50% of the voting securities (whether directly
or pursuant to any option, warrant or other similar arrangement) or other comparable equity interests.

(b) Attribution Parties
means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder, (ii) any Person
acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Section 13(d) group together with the Holder or any Attribution
Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Ordinary Shares would or could be aggregated with the Holders
and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the
purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(c) Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(d) Closing Sale Price
means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported
by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial
Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin
board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a
particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as
mutually determined in good faith by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market
value of such security, then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value.
The Board of Directors determination shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall
be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation
period.

(e) Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(f) Group shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related rules, regulations and jurisprudence.

(f) Person means an
individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other
entity and a government or any department or agency thereof.

(g) Principal Trading Market
means the national securities exchange or other trading market on which the Ordinary Shares is primarily listed on and quoted for trading,
which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(i) Securities Act means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(j) Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the Principal Trading Market with respect to the Ordinary
Shares that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Issuance Date was T+2.

(k) Trading Day means
any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading.

(l) Transfer Agent means
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Ordinary Shares, and any successor
appointed in such capacity.

2. Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Company
shall register ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is
permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice
to the contrary.

3. Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all
applicable securities laws, the Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this
Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such
registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Ordinary Shares in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a
New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant
evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance
of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in
respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, prepare,
issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration
of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

4. Exercise of Warrants.

(a) All or any part of this Warrant shall
be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant (including Section 11) at any time and from time
to time on or after the Original Issue Date, and such rights shall not expire until the Warrant has been exercised in full.

(b) The Holder may exercise this Warrant
by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Exercise Notice),
completed and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being
exercised (which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10
below), and the date on which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions
hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect
an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant
and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

5. Delivery of Warrant Shares.

(a) Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company
shall promptly (but in no event later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise
Date), upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of Ordinary Shares specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice
and to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (the Exercise Shares) to the Holders or its
designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian
system, or if the Transfer Agent is then a participant in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (the FAST Program)
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or the resale of such
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Exercise Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant). If the Transfer Agent is
not a member of the FAST Program or if (A) and (B) above are not true, the Transfer Agent will either (i) record the Exercise
Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee on the certificates reflecting the Exercise Shares with an appropriate legend regarding
restriction on transferability, which shall be issued and dispatched by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise
Notice, and on the Companys share register or (ii) issue such Exercise Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee in
restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. The Holder, or any natural person or legal entity (each, a Person)
so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of
the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account, the date of the book entry
positions or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Exercise Shares, as the case may be.

(b) If the Company fails to deliver to the
Holder or its designee Exercise Shares in the manner required pursuant to Section 5(a) within the Standard Settlement
Period following the Exercise Date and the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Ordinary Shares to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In)
but did not receive within the Standard Settlement Period, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders
request and in the Holders sole discretion, either (1) pay in cash to the Holder an amount equal to the Holders total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased, at which point the Companys obligation
to issue and deliver such Exercise Shares shall terminate or (2) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder or its designee
the Exercise Shares pursuant to Section 5(a) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of
Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Ordinary Shares so purchased in the Buy-In, less
the product of (A) the number of Ordinary Shares purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the Closing Sale Price of an Ordinary Share
on the Exercise Date.

(c) To the extent permitted by law and subject
to Section5(b), the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with and subject
to the terms hereof (including the limitations set forth in Section 11 below) are absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation
of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Subject to Section5(b), nothing herein shall
limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Ordinary Shares
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery for Ordinary
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other
incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes
and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares or the Warrants in a name other than that
of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding
or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7. Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in
lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable contractual indemnity, if requested by the
Company. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant
to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

8. Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that
it will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued
and otherwise unreserved Ordinary Shares, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant
as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant,
free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments
and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance
and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully
paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such Ordinary Shares may
be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange
or automated quotation system upon which the Ordinary Shares may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the
prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Ordinary Shares at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding.

9. Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Number of Warrant Shares) are subject to adjustment from time to time
as set forth in this Section 9.

(a) Share Dividends and Splits. If
the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a share dividend on its Ordinary Shares or otherwise makes a
distribution on any class of capital shares issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such
shares on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is payable in Ordinary Shares, (ii) subdivides its outstanding Ordinary Shares
into a larger number of Ordinary Shares, (iii) combines its outstanding Ordinary Shares into a smaller number of Ordinary Shares
or (iv) issues by reclassification of capital shares any additional Ordinary Shares of the Company, then in each such case the Number
of Warrant Shares shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately
after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately before such event. Any adjustment
made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend
is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the Number of Warrant Shares shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business
on such record date and thereafter the Number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual
payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(b) Pro Rata Distributions. If, on
or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata distribution of its assets (or rights
to acquire its assets) to holders of Ordinary Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution
of cash, shares or other securities, property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution
of Ordinary Shares subject to Section 9(a), any distribution of Purchase Rights (as defined below) subject to Section 9(c) and
any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) subject to Section 9(d)) (a Distribution) then, in each
such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage (as defined below)) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, that to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership
of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the
Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution
(and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to
the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(c) Purchase Rights. If at any time
on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase shares,
warrants, securities or other property, in each case pro rata to the record holders of any class of Ordinary Shares (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Ordinary Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum
Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Ordinary Shares are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Ordinary Shares as a result of such Purchase
Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the
Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum
Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial
Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).
As used in this Section 9(c), (i) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary
Shares or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any shares or securities (other than Options)
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares.

(d) Fundamental Transactions. If,
at any time while this Warrant is issued and outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with
or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior
to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately
after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets
in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person), holders of share capital tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital shares of the
Company and the Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the voting power of the capital shares of
the Company (except for any such transaction in which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain,
in substantially the same proportions, the voting power of such Person immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects
any reclassification of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of Ordinary Shares covered
by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental
Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or
property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without
regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect
any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another
Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise
of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor
to the Company, surviving entity or other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver
to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and
the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous
of a Fundamental Transaction type.

(e) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously
with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder
for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment.

(f) Calculations. All calculations
under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

(g) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the
occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder,
promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth
such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate
to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

(h) Notice of Corporate Events. If,
while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property
in respect of its Ordinary Shares, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
capital shares of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits
shareholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior
to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Ordinary Shares in order to participate in or vote with
respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity
of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes
or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits shareholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by
Section 9(d), other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9(d), the Company shall
deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction
is consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9(h) in confidence until such information
is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys securities following receipt
any such information.

10. Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless
exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where:

X equals the number of Warrant Shares
to be issued to the Holder;

Y equals the total number of Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

A equals the Closing Sale Prices
of the Ordinary Shares (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets) as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding the Exercise
Date; and

B equals the Exercise Price then
in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed
to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date this
Warrant was originally issued (provided that the Commission continues to take the position that such treatment is proper at the time of
such exercise). In the event that a registration statement registering the issuance of Warrant Shares is, for any reason, not effective
at the time of exercise of this Warrant, then the Warrant may only be exercised through a cashless exercise, as set forth in this Section10.
If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Exercise Shares issued in such exercise shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised
and may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrants being exercised. Except as set forth in Section 5(b) (Buy-In remedy)
and Section 12 (payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

11. Limitations on Exercise.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder of the Warrant shall not have
the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant, and any such exercise shall be null and void ab initio and treated as if the exercise
had not been made, to the extent that immediately prior to or following such exercise, the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties,
beneficially owns or would beneficially own as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder, in excess of 9.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Ordinary Shares that would be issued and outstanding
following such exercise. For purposes of calculating beneficial ownership for determining whether the Maximum Percentage is or will be
exceeded, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties,
shall include the number of Ordinary Shares held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties plus the
number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the relevant Warrant with respect to which the determination is being made but shall
exclude the number of Ordinary Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised Warrant held and/or
beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company held and/or beneficially owned by such Holder or any Attribution Party (including, without limitation,
any convertible notes, convertible shares or warrants) that are subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein. For purposes of this Paragraph 11(a), beneficial ownership of the Holder or the Attribution Parties shall, except as
set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, be calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares,
a Holder of the Warrant may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent
Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission, as the case may be, (2) a
more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting
forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number).
For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm in writing
or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding. The Holder shall disclose to the Company the number
of Ordinary Shares that it, together with the Attribution Parties holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through
the exercise of derivative securities and any limitations on exercise or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously
or immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder
at a time when the actual number of outstanding Ordinary Shares is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall
(i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding and, to the extent that such Exercise Notice would
otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this
Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be purchased
pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as
soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares.
In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding
Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Ordinary Shares to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the
Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of
the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued
by which the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage
(the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be immediately and without any further action required on the
part of any Person be surrendered for nil consideration pursuant to Section 37B of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands
(and the Company hereby agrees to accept such surrender), and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote
or (except, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent necessary to give effect to the surrender of such Excess Shares pursuant to this
Section) to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null
and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares and reinstate the Warrant
to the extent of such surrendered Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, a Holder of the Warrant may from time to time increase
or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99% specified in such notice; provided that any increase
in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and shall
not negatively affect any partial exercise effected prior to such change.

(b) This Section 11 shall not
restrict the number of Ordinary Shares which a Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive or beneficially own in order to determine
the amount of securities or other consideration that such Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction as contemplated in Section 9(d) of this Warrant. For purposes of clarity, the Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant
to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution
Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder
or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and Rule 16a-1(a)(1) promulgated thereunder. No prior inability to exercise this Warrant
pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent
determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 11 to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph
which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 11 or to
make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph
may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

12. No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will
be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number
of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market
value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares.

13. Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or
deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail
address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the
next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address
specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time,
on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service
specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if
by hand delivery.

14. Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant
agent under this Warrant. Upon ten (10) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation
into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company
or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all
of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act.
Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage
prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

15. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Rights as a Shareholder. Except
as otherwise expressly set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall
not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything
contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant,
any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any
reorganization, issue of shares, reclassification of shares, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice
of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such
Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed
as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a shareholder
of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(b) Authorized Shares. (i) Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its memorandum and/or articles of association or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue
or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such
exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that
the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction
thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

(ii) Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment
in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations
or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(c) Successors and Assigns. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company
without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding
on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence,
nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy
or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors
and assigns.

(d) Amendment and Waiver. Except as
otherwise provided herein, the provisions of the Warrants may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit
to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

(e) Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant
by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

(f) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL
QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND
ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE
COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF
NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH
COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN
ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF
DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(g) Headings. The headings herein
are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(h) Severability. In case any one
or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining
terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Company and the Holder will attempt
in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

ZURA BIO LIMITED

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase Ordinary
Shares under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the
Warrant) issued by Zura Bio Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company). Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant
Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall
be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise 

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant 

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall
pay the sum of $ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver
to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(6) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents
and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the
number of Ordinary Shares (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
permitted to be owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name
of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>zura-20250416.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>zura-20250416_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>zura-20250416_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40598

Entity Registrant Name Zura
Bio Limited

Entity Central Index Key 0001855644

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1725736

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 1489 W. Warm Springs Rd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two #110

Entity Address, City or Town Henderson

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89014

City Area Code 702

Local Phone Number 825-9872

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ZURA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://zurabio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2512482d1_8k.htm 
zura-20250416.xsd 
zura-20250416_lab.xml 
zura-20250416_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-036057-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2512482d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001855644 

2025-04-16 
2025-04-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001855644 
8-K 
2025-04-16 
Zura Bio Limited 
E9 
001-40598 
98-1725736 
1489 W. Warm Springs Rd. 
#110 
Henderson 
NV 
89014 
702 
825-9872 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
ZURA 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>