<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-004228.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-004228.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116163345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-004228
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Plum Acquisition Corp, IV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002030482
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981795710
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42472
		FILM NUMBER:		25536045

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 FILLMORE ST. #2089
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94115
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(929) 529-7125

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 FILLMORE ST. #2089
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94115
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227882-8k_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 14, 2025

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 333-281144 98-1795710

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California United States of America 94115

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 618-1798

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant PLMKU Nasdaq Global Market

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, included as part of the units PLMK Nasdaq Global Market

Warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 PLMKW Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 14, 2025, the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281144) (the Registration Statement) relating to the initial public offering
(the IPO) of Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) was declared effective by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission. On January 16, 2025, the Company consummated the IPO of 17,250,000 units (the Units),
which included the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public
Warrants), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price
of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
$172,500,000 (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). Further, in connection with the IPO, the Company entered
into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement:

an Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between
the Company and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (CCM), and Seaport
Global Securities LLC (Seaport), as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule A thereto, which
contains customary representations and warranties by the Company, conditions to closing and indemnification obligations of the Company
and the underwriters;

a Unit and Restricted Share Subscription Agreement, dated
January 14, 2025, between the Company and Plum Partners IV, LLC (the Sponsor), pursuant to which the Sponsor purchased
(i) 440,000 private placement units (including if the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Units), each unit consisting of one Class A Ordinary
Share and one-half of one whole warrant to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at $11.50 per share (the Private Placement Warrants)
and (ii) 570,000 restricted Class A Ordinary Shares (the Restricted
Private Placement Shares, the Restricted Private Placement
Shares together with the Private Placement Units purchased by the Sponsor, collectively, the Non-Managing
Investor Private Placement Securities) at a combined price
of $10.00 per Non-Managing Investor Private Placement Security;

a Unit Subscription Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between
the Company and CCM, pursuant to which CCM purchased 162,000 Private Placement Units, and agreed to purchase up to 24,300 additional
Private Placement Units if the underwriters over-allotment option pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement is exercised in full,
in each case at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit;

a Unit Subscription Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between
the Company and Seaport, pursuant to which Seaport purchased 40,500 Private Placement Units, and agreed to purchase up to 6,075 additional
Private Placement Units if the underwriters over-allotment option pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement is exercised in full,
in each case at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit;

a Warrant Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement), which sets forth,
among other things, the expiration and exercise price of and procedures for exercising the Public Warrants and the Private Placement
Warrants (collectively, the Warrants); certain adjustment features of the terms of exercise; provisions relating
to cashless exercise of the Warrants; provisions for amendments to the Warrant Agreement; and indemnification of the warrant agent by
the Company under the agreement;

an Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 14,
2025, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, which establishes the trust account that will
hold the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units and Restricted Private Placement
Securities, and sets forth, among other things, the responsibilities of the trustee; the procedures for withdrawal and direction of funds
from the trust account; and indemnification of the trustee by the Company under the agreement;

1

a Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, among
the Company, the Sponsor, CCM, Seaport and the other Holders (as defined therein) signatory thereto, which provides for customary demand
and piggy-back registration rights for the Holders, as well as certain transfer restrictions applicable to the Holders with respect to
the securities of the Company that they hold;

a Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, among the Company,
the Sponsor and each of the directors and officers of the Company, pursuant to which the Sponsor and each of the directors and officers
of the Company have agreed, in each case as set forth therein, to vote in favor of the Companys initial business combination;
to facilitate the liquidation and winding up of the Company if an initial business combination is not consummated within 18 months from
the closing of the IPO or such later period approved by the Companys shareholders; to certain transfer restrictions with respect
to the Companys securities; and, as to Sponsor, certain indemnification obligations; and

Indemnity Agreements, each dated January 14, 2025, between
the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify each officer
and director of the Company against certain claims that may arise in their roles as officers and directors of the Company, a form of
which is filed with this Form 8-K hereto as Exhibit 10.7.

The above descriptions are
qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the applicable agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference herein
and attached hereto as Exhibits 1.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 4.1, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6, and 10.7, respectively.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the IPO and the issuance and sale of the Units, on January 16, 2025, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate
of 672,875 Private Placement Units and 570,000 Restricted Private Placement Shares at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit or
$10.00 per Non-Managing Investor Private Placement Security, as applicable, generating gross proceeds of $6,728,750, as follows: (A) 440,000
Private Placement Units and 570,000 Restricted Private Placement Shares
($4,400,000 in the aggregate) with the Sponsor, (B) 186,300 Private Placement Units ($1,863,000 in the aggregate) with CCM and (C) 46,575
Private Placement Units ($465,750 in the aggregate) with Seaport (collectively, the Private Placement). The Private
Placement Units, which were purchased by the Sponsor, CCM and Seaport, are identical to the Units, except that, they (including the underlying
securities) are (i) subject to certain limited exceptions, subject to transfer restrictions until 180 days following the consummation
of the Companys initial business combination and (ii) entitled to registration rights. The Restricted Private Placement Shares
will be held by the Sponsor and will be transferred to the non-managing investors (as defined in the Registration Statement) (or their
designees) only upon the consummation of an initial business combination. Other than such permitted transfer, the Restricted Private Placement
Shares are (i) subject to transfer restrictions until 90 days following the consummation of the Companys initial business combination
and (ii) entitled to registration rights. 

2

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 14, 2025, in connection
with the IPO, Allan Chou, Anjai Gandhi and Avanish Sahai (collectively with Kanishka Roy and Steven Handwerker, the Directors)
were appointed to the board of directors of the Company (the Board). Effective January 14, 2025, each of Allan Chou,
Anjai Gandhi and Avanish Sahai was also appointed to the Boards Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee.

The Company will reimburse
the Directors for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with fulfilling their roles as directors. In addition, as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Company expects to pay each of Kanishka Roy, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Steven Handwerker,
its Chief Financial Officer and director, $20,833 per month for consulting services rendered to us, commencing upon closing of the IPO,
through the closing of the Companys initial business combination, subject to availability of sufficient funds from working capital
held outside the trust account.

Other than the foregoing,
none of the Directors is party to any arrangement or understanding with any person pursuant to which they were appointed as directors,
nor is any Director party to any transaction required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K involving the Company.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The Companys Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association became effective on January 16, 2025. The Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and the full text of such exhibit is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

A total of $174,225,000 of
the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement (which includes the underwriters deferred discount of up to $6,900,000)
was placed in a trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, and
up to $100,000 to pay dissolution expenses, if any, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account
until the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of the Companys initial business combination; (2) the redemption of any public
shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys
initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company has not completed its initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or such earlier liquidation
date as the Board may approve, or such later time as provided for in any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, (an Extension Period), subject to applicable law or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of all of the Companys public
shares if the Company has not completed its initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO,
or such earlier liquidation date as the Board may approve, or during any The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become
subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public shareholders. Extension
Period, subject to applicable law.

On January 14, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

3

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between the Company and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, and Seaport Global Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

10.1 Units and Restricted Shares Subscription Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between the Company and Plum Partners IV, LLC 

10.2 Units Subscription Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between the Company and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

10.3 Units Subscription Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between the Company and Seaport Global Securities LLC

10.4 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

10.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, among the Company, the Sponsor and the other Holders (as defined therein) signatory thereto

10.6 Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the initial shareholders, directors and officers of the Company

10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement, January 14, 2025, between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company

99.1 Press Release, dated January 14, 2025

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 16, 2025 PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex1-1_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS, A DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC, AND SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, AS REPRESENTATIVES OF THE SEVERAL UNDERWRITERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

and

COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS, A DIVISION
OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC

and

SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC

As Representatives of the Underwriters

Dated: January 14, 2025

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

January 14, 2025

Cohen & Company Capital Markets,

a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Seaport Global Securities LLC

360 Madison Avenue

22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

As Representatives of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Plum Acquisition Corp. IV, a
Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with Cohen & Company Capital Markets,
a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (CCM) and Seaport Global Securities LLC (Seaport and
collectively with CCM, Representatives and each, a Representative) and with the other underwriters
named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representatives are acting as representatives (the Representatives and such
other underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an
Underwriter, provided that, if only the Representatives are listed on such Schedule A, any references to Underwriters
shall refer exclusively to the Representatives) as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Securities.

1.1 Firm
Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase
of Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein
set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to
purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 15,000,000 units (the Firm Units) of the Company,
as set forth opposite the respective names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts and
commissions and the Deferred Underwriting Commission described in Section 1.3 below) of $9.40 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are
to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit
consists of one Class A ordinary share (Ordinary Share), $0.0001 par value, of the Company (Public Share),
and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrants). The Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in the Firm
Units will trade separately on the fifty-second (52nd) day following the date hereof (or if such date is not a Business Day (as defined
in Section 1.1.2), the following Business Day) unless the Representatives determine to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding
the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in the Firm Units trade separately
until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on
Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the Offering and the Private
Placement (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company receives from
the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as defined in Section 1.2.1) if such option is exercised prior to the filing of the
Current Report on Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Each whole
Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, commencing the later of (i) thirty
(30) days after the consummation by the Company of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other
similar business combination with one or more entities (the Business Combination) and (ii) twelve (12) months from
the closing of the Offering, provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Act) covering the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus
relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified
in the Warrant Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23)) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under
the securities, or Blue Sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the consummation
by the Company of its initial Business Combination (such consummation, the Specified Event), or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

1.1.2 Payment
and Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business
Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Units (as defined in Section 1.2.1), or at such earlier time
as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at the offices of Ropes & Gray LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (R&G),
or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the
Firm Units are called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer
in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $151,500,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale
of the Placement Securities (as defined in Section 1.4.3) shall be deposited in the trust account (the Trust Account)
established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as
defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement)
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST). The funds deposited in the Trust Account
shall include an aggregate of $6,000,000 ($0.40 per Firm Unit), up to which amount shall be payable to the Representatives as Deferred
Underwriting Commission in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments
or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representatives
of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of
The Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such
name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representatives may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior
to the Closing Date. If delivery is not made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representatives to examine and
package the Firm Units for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated
to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representatives for all the Firm Units. As used herein,
the term Public Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units (as defined in Section
1.2.1) in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (as defined in Section 1.4.1) and any officer
or director of the Company, to the extent, he, she or it acquires such Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to
such Ordinary Shares). Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial
banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks
shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in the City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

1.2 Over-Allotment
Option.

1.2.1 Option
Units. The Representatives are hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional
2,250,000 units (the Option Units), the net proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account, for the purposes
of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in
all respects to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall, at the Representatives election, be purchased for each account of the
several Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule
A hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject to adjustment by the Representatives to eliminate fractions). The Firm
Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units, and the Units, the Ordinary Shares
and the Warrants included in the Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are hereinafter referred to collectively
as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been,
or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time
to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representatives to
the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the same price per Firm Unit set forth in Section 1.1.1
hereof.

2

1.2.2 Exercise
of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representatives as to
all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the effective date (Effective
Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation
to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised
by the giving of oral notice to the Company by the Representatives, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 9.1 herein
setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option
Closing Date), which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and
in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representatives, at the offices of R&G or at such other place
(including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representatives. If
such delivery and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the
notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such
notice.

1.2.3 Payment
and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable as follows: $10.10 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the
Representatives of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives) representing the Option Units (or through
the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representatives. The amount to be deposited in the Trust Account will include $0.40 per
Option Unit (up to $900,000), payable to the Representatives, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3
hereof. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the
Representatives request in writing not less than two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the
case may be, and will be made available to the Representatives for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys
transfer agent or correspondent not less than one (1) full Business Day prior to such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated
to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Representatives for applicable Option Units.

1.3 Deferred
Underwriting Commission. The Representatives agree that (i) 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($6,000,000)
and 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Option Units (up to $900,000), if any (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting
Commission), will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and up to which amount shall be payable directly from the Trust
Account, without accrued interest, to the Representatives for their own account and the account of the Underwriters upon the occurrence
of the Specified Event, subject to the adjustments provided for in this Section 1.3. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee
is required to obtain a written instruction signed by the Company and acknowledged by the Representatives with respect to the transfer
of the funds held in the Trust Account, including the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Commission from the Trust Account, prior to
commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such
provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representatives. In the
event that the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination and CST, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the
Trustee), commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, each Representative, on
behalf of itself and the Underwriters, agrees that (i) it shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission,
including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in the
Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro rata basis among the Public Shareholders. The Representatives shall have the right to agree
to any further modifications to the Deferred Underwriting Commission on behalf of the Underwriters and any decisions relating to such
modifications shall be made exclusively by the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations
of each Underwriter under this Agreement shall be fully satisfied upon the payment of the purchase price for the Public Securities purchased
by such Underwriter on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date without any further conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, each Underwriter may at any time prior to the Specified Event and in its sole and absolute discretion, by written notice
to the Company, elect to forfeit any right or claim to its Deferred Underwriting Commission, in which case the Company agrees to instruct
the Trustee not to pay such Underwriter its Deferred Underwriting Commission upon the occurrence of a Specified Event. Each Representative
on behalf of itself and the Underwriters further agrees that the Deferred Underwriting Commission will be based on and paid out of funds
available in the Trust Account after payments made out of the Trust Account to honor redemption rights of the Public Shareholders. Each
Representative on behalf of itself and the Underwriters further agrees that the Deferred Underwriting Commission shall be decreased by
$0.40 for every Ordinary Share for which a Public Shareholder exercises its redemption rights in connection with or prior to the Specified
Event. For the avoidance of doubt, any such election by an Underwriter shall be without prejudice to any right or claim of any other Underwriter
to its respective portion of the Deferred Underwriting Commission or to any other right such Underwriter may have under this Agreement.

3

1.4 Private
Placements.

1.4.1 Founder
Shares. On June 26, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 7,665,900 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares)
in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Act, for a total subscription price of $25,000 to Plum Partners
IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sponsor). No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees
have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. During July and August 2024, the Sponsor transferred an
aggregate of 75,000 Founder Shares to three director nominees of the Company. On December 6, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered 1,915,900 Founder
Shares for no consideration, such that the Sponsor and the Companys three independent director nominees hold an aggregate of 5,750,000
Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by
the Sponsor until the earlier of (A) one (1) year following the completion of the Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the
completion of the Business Combination, the closing price of the Companys Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty (20) trading days within
any thirty (30)-trading day period commencing at least one hundred and fifty (150) days after the completion of the Business Combination
and (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all
of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange its Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. The holders of Founder
Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company
fails to consummate a Business Combination. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder
Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder
Shares (up to 750,000 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise one-third of the issued and outstanding
Public Shares after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option.

1.4.2 Placement
Units and Restricted Shares. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, (i) the Sponsor will purchase from the Company, pursuant to the
Sponsor Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.2 hereof), 440,000 units (the Founder Placement Units)
(including if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), which units are substantially identical to the Firm
Units, subject to certain exceptions and 570,000 restricted Class A ordinary shares (the Restricted Private Placement Shares
and together with the Founder Placement Units, the Founder Placement Securities), at a purchase price of $10.00 per
Founder Placement Unit or a combined price of $10.00 per Founder Placement Security, in a private placement intended to be exempt from
registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act; (ii) the Representatives will purchase from the Company, pursuant to
the Representatives Purchase Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.3 hereof), an aggregate of 202,500 units (the Representatives
Placement Units, and together with the Founder Placement Units, the Placement Units) (or 232,875 Representatives
Placement Units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), at a purchase price of $10.00 per Representatives
Placement Unit, in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The
Representatives agree to purchase Representatives Placement Units consistent with their pro rata allocation of the Offering. The private
placement of the Founder Placement Securities and the Representatives Placement Units to the Sponsor and the Representatives is referred
to herein as the Unit Private Placement. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Founder Placement Securities and the
Representatives Placement Units shall be deposited into the Trust Account. None of the Founder Placement Securities and the Underwriters
Placement Units (or underlying Ordinary Shares or Warrants) may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor, the Underwriters or their
permitted transferees until thirty (30) days after consummation of a Business Combination. The Underwriters acknowledge and agree that
the Underwriters Placement Units and the underlying Ordinary Shares and Warrants acquired by the Representatives pursuant to the Representatives
Purchase Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.3) will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
and will therefore be subject to lock-up for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days immediately following the commencement of sales
of the Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions, pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Accordingly, the Underwriters Placement Units
and the underlying Ordinary Shares and Warrants acquired by the Representatives pursuant to the Representatives Purchase Agreements (as
defined in Section 2.21.3) may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated nor may they be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person
for one hundred and eighty (180) days immediately following the commencement of sales of the Offering, except to any FINRA member participating
in the Offering and the officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject
to the lock-up restriction for the remainder of the time period.

4

1.4.3 The
Placement Units and the underlying Ordinary Shares and Warrants and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants and the
Restricted Private Placement Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Placement Securities. No underwriting
discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Securities sold in the Private
Placement. The Placement Units are identical to the Units except that (i) none of the Placement Units and the underlying Ordinary Shares
and Warrants will be transferable, assignable or salable until thirty (30) days after the consummation of a Business Combination except
to permitted transferees (ii) the underlying Ordinary Shares will be entitled to registration rights; and (c) the warrants underlying
the Placement Units (1) will not be redeemable by the Company; and (2) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. In addition,
with respect to warrants underlying the Representatives Placement Units, such warrants will be subject to the lock-up and registration
rights limitations imposed by FINRA Rule 5110 and will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in this
offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Public Securities, the Placement Securities, and the Founder Shares are hereinafter
referred to collectively as the Securities.

1.5 Working
Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement, it is intended that approximately $1,325,000 (or $953,750
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the proceeds from the Offering and the Unit Private Placement
will be released to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.6 Interest
Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on
the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay any
taxes payable by the Company and to pay up to $100,000 for dissolution expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined
in Section 2.1.1). 

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing
of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant
to the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1
(File No. 333-281144), including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including any prospectus
that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, for the registration
of the offer and sale of the Public Securities under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared
by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of
the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions
to such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with
the Commission at the time the registration statement becomes effective (including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits
and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time
pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the
final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing
information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Time of Sale, as used in the Act, means 4:15 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the
Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on January 7, 2025,
for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus). Unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall
be deemed to include any Registration Statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional securities (a Rule
462(b) Registration Statement). Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and the Form 8-A registration statement referred
to below in Section 2.1.2, which, if filed, becomes effective upon filing, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement
has been filed with the Commission. The offer and sale of all Public Securities have been registered under the Act pursuant to the Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of
this Agreement, the Company or the Representatives determine that at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus includes an untrue
statement of a material fact or omits a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representatives agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the
Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed
to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

5

2.1.2 Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42472) providing
for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, the
Public Shares and the Warrants. The registration of the Units, Public Shares and Warrants under the Exchange Act has been declared effective
by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Public Shares and the Warrants have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No
Stop Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state or
other regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the
Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order. 

2.2 Disclosures
in Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5
Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus contained and will contain all material statements that are required to
be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements
of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto,
as of their respective dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or
the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, did not and will not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective
dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time
of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether
filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule
424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary
Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected
in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and
the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters
expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following:
the names of the Underwriters, the information with respect to dealers concessions and reallowances contained in the section entitled
Underwriting, the information with respect to short positions and stabilizing transactions contained in the section entitled
Underwriting and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled Legal Matters
(such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

6

2.2.2 Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as
exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized
or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred
to in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that is material
to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance with
its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally; (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and
state securities laws; and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement
or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry,
any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will
not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating
to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3 Prior
Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of,
any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation,
except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign,
state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3 Changes
After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No
Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition,
financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company,
other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board
of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place
which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors
or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus. 

7

2.3.2 Recent
Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has
not (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid
any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm. To the Companys knowledge, WithumSmith+Brown (Withum), whose report
is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus,
is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge,
Withum is currently registered with the PCAOB. Withum has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the
Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term
is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5 Financial
Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial
Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows
of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United
States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and
the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the
information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are
required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus.
The Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements,
obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that
may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted
financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form 10 that have not been included as required.

2.5.2 Statistical
Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate,
and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived. 

2.6 Authorized
Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted
share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options,
warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into
Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible
securities.

2.7 Valid
Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect
thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities was issued in violation
of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized
and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of
the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based
in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements.

8

2.7.2 Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid
for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, and the Ordinary Shares will be fully paid and non-assessable; the holders
thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities are not and will
not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company;
and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly
taken. The form of certificates for the Public Securities conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation
and applicable securities laws. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Warrants will constitute
valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance
with the terms thereof and such Warrants are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally;
(ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws;
and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants and upon payment of the consideration therefor, and when
issued and delivered in accordance with the terms thereof and such Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued
and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders.

2.7.3 Placement
Securities.

2.7.3.1 The Placement
Securities, when issued and paid for in accordance with the Sponsor Purchase Agreement or the Representatives Purchase Agreements,
as applicable, have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the Purchase
Agreements, will be validly issued; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being
such holders; the Placement Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of
the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the
authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Placement Units and the Warrants
underlying the Placement Units constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of
the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under federal and state securities laws; (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought. The Ordinary Shares and Warrants underlying the Placement Units, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such
Warrants and the Restricted Shares have been reserved for issuance and, the Restricted Shares and, when issued in accordance with
the terms of the Placement Units and such Warrants, will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor,
fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such
holders.

2.7.4 No
Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities
which are required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

9

2.8 Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, no
holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have
the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration
statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Warrant Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), the Trust Agreement,
the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.5) and the Purchase Agreements and (collectively with this Agreement,
the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered,
will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms,
except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally; (ii) with respect to this Agreement only, as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be
limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought. 

2.10 No
Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company
of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will
not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of
the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any
lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition,
covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement;
(ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as may be amended from
time to time, of the Company (the Charter Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule,
regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or
any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof.

2.11 No
Defaults; Violations. No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any
license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing
an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be
bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject, except for any such default or violation that would not have
a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). The Company is not in violation of (a) any term or provision of its Charter Documents or
(b) in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or
court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses, except in the case of clause
(b) above for any such violation that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.12 Corporate
Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct
of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders,
licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to
conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and
local regulation on the Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects
and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred
no liabilities other than in connection with its formation or in furtherance of the Offering or as otherwise described in the Registration
Statements, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as applicable.

10

2.12.2 Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents and to carry
out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith
and therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body,
foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions
and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market
(Nasdaq) and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.12.3 Jurisdiction
and Designation. The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 9.7 of this Agreement has, to the extent permitted
by law, legal, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted, to the jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

2.13 D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and shareholders (together with the Sponsor, the Insiders)
and provided to the Representatives and their counsel and the biographies of the Insiders and other persons contained in the Registration
Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed
by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete.

2.14 Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding
pending, or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required
to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15 Good
Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction
in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify
would not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations
or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse
Effect).

2.16 No
Contemplation of a Business Combination. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has not identified any specific Business Combination
target (each a Target Business) and it has not, directly or indirectly contacted any prospective Target Business
or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, directly or indirectly with respect to a Business Combination with a Target Business. 

2.17 Transactions
Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders
Fees. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments,
arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a brokerage commission or finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings
of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation,
as determined by FINRA.

2.17.2 Payments
Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as
a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the
Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any participating member,
as defined in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect to the offering (Participating Member) within the 180-day period prior
to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than any prior payments to the Representatives in connection with the Offering.
The Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to any Participating Member
within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company
have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship
or affiliation or association with any Participating Member. Except with respect to the Representatives in connection with the Offering,
the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type
of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement
or agreement provides for the receipt of any underwriting compensation as defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual.

11

2.17.3 FINRA
Affiliation. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representatives, to the Companys knowledge, no
officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has
any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representatives and R&G if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect
beneficial owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

2.17.4 Share
Ownership. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representatives, to the Companys knowledge, no officer
or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities
is an owner of shares or other securities of any Participating Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.17.5 Loans.
To the Companys knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class
of the Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member in the Offering. 

2.17.6 Proceeds
of the Offering. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, no proceeds
from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Placement Securities, will be paid to any Participating
Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.17.7 Conflicts
of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Participating Member in the Offering has a conflict
of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a member of FINRA and/or its associated
persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding common equity or 10% or
more of the Companys preferred equity.

2.18 Taxes.

2.18.1 There
are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision
of the United States, or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The
Company has filed all U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S., tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the
date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes shown as
due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it,
to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable. In the case of each of the foregoing, except where the failure to file or
pay, as applicable, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial
statements referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for
all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

12

2.19 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders
or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit
(other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a
customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or
any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder
the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to
any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a
Material Adverse Effect; or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

2.19.2 Currency
and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
(i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of
1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot
Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy
Act of 1970, as amended, or the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20 Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to
the Representatives or to R&G shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered
thereby.

2.21 Agreements
With Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider Letter.
The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any
indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that
the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters.
The Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representatives, which
consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representatives.

2.21.2 Sponsor
Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered a Unit and Restricted Private Placement Share Purchase
Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Sponsor Purchase Agreement),
pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price
for the Placement Units and Restricted Private Placement Shares to be sold to the Sponsor as provided in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement.
Pursuant to the Insider Letter, the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims it may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon,
held in the Trust Account in respect of the Placement Units. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units and Restricted Private
Placement Shares will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing
Date as provided for in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement. 

13

2.21.3 Representatives
Purchase Agreements. The Company and each of the Representatives have executed and delivered a Unit Subscription Agreement, the form
of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Representatives Purchase Agreements, and together
with the Sponsor Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Representatives will, among
other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Units to be sold to the
Representatives as provided in the Representatives Purchase Agreements. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be
deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for
in the Representatives Purchase Agreements.

2.21.4 [Reserved].

2.21.5 Registration
Rights Agreement. The Company, the Sponsor and the Underwriters have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (Registration
Rights Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will
be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights
Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.6 Loans.
The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $500,000 (the Insider Loans)
pursuant to a promissory note substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not
bear any interest and are repayable by the Company on the earlier of February 1, 2025 and the consummation of the Offering.

2.22 Investment
Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and
the Private Placement substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

2.23 Warrant
Agreement. The Company has entered into a warrant agreement with CST with respect to the Warrants underlying the Units, the Warrants
included in the Placement Units and certain other warrants that may be issued by the Company substantially in the form filed as an exhibit
to the Registration Statement (Warrant Agreement).

2.24 No
Existing Non-Competition Agreements. To the Companys knowledge, no Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation
agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of
the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.25 Investments.
No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after
taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.26 Investment
Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be required, to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business
entity.

2.28 Related
Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on
the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal
advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit
of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension
of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

14

2.29 No
Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention
of unlawfully influencing (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30 Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is, and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended
(Sarbanes-Oxley), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations
promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31 Distribution
of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date
and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other
than the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.32 The
Nasdaq Capital Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence
of satisfactory distribution, on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely
affect such authorization.

2.33 Board
of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors
or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management.
As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply
with Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As
of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under Sarbanes-Oxley and the
rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq, subject to the permitted phase-in requirements under the rules of Nasdaq.

2.34 Emerging
Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35 No
Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer,
or other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3).
The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The
Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Underwriters
a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36 Free-Writing
Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer
free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
as defined in Rule 405 under the Act. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters
Communications with the consent of the Representatives with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule
144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Act and (b)
has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representatives and individuals
engaged by the Representatives. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed
on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors
undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

15

2.37 No
Fee Arrangements. As of the date hereof, the Company has not entered into any agreement, written or oral, pursuant to which the Company
will be obligated to pay any Insider or an affiliate of any Insider a consulting, finder or success fees for assisting the Company in
consummating a Business Combination. 

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments
to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representatives, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any
such amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably objects in writing.

3.2 Federal
Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance.
During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange
Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance
with the provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities
is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company
or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the
Act, the Company will notify the Representatives promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof,
an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing
of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) with the Commission
pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange
Act Registration. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Securities under
the provisions of the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five (5) years from the Effective
Date, or until the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier, or, in the case of the Warrants, until the Warrants
expire and are no longer exercisable or have been exercised or redeemed in full. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities
under the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going private transaction after the completion of a Business Combination) without
the prior written consent of the Representatives.

3.2.4 Exchange
Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and
dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)
such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain
material compliance with each applicable provision of Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related
or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the
Company. 

3.3 Free-Writing
Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free
writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 405 under the Act, without the prior consent of the Underwriters.

16

3.4 Delivery
to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period
when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each of the Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto becomes effective, deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including exhibits,
and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually
executed consents of certified experts.

3.5 Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Representatives. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representatives immediately and confirm the notice in writing (i) of the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or
state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the
Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or
request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of
the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making
of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or
suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6 Affiliated
Transactions.

3.6.1 Business
Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i)
the Company, or a committee of its independent and disinterested directors, obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, or from an independent accounting firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that the Business Combination is fair to the Companys
shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys disinterested and independent directors (if there
are any) approve such transaction. 

3.6.2 Compensation to
Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company
shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the
Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

3.7 [Reserved.]

3.8 Reports
to the Representatives. For a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is
required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representatives
and their counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company
shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the
Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each Current Report on Form 8-K or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1
or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission
under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries
of the Company as the Representatives may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representatives shall sign, if requested
by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representatives and their counsel
in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed or furnished with the Commission pursuant to
its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representatives pursuant to this Section.

17

3.9 Transfer
Agent. For a period of five (5) years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to
be liquidated, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and warrant agent acceptable to the Representatives. CST is acceptable to the
Underwriters.

3.10 Payment of
Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid
at the Closing Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including
but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements; (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, mailing
and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale Prospectus
and the Prospectus, including any pre- or post-effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement
and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters
in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters; (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background checks of the Companys
management team, up to a maximum of $3,000 per person; (iv) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units,
the Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon; (v) filing fees incurred
in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable fees of counsel of the Underwriters (such legal fees not to exceed $25,000)
in connection therewith and including, without limitation, fees associated with qualifying the Offering under the Blue Sky
laws of any states specified by the Representatives; (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Securities on the Nasdaq Capital
Market or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters together determine; (vii) all fees and disbursements of the
transfer and warrant agent; (viii) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence and road show
meetings arranged by the Representatives and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation,
trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such
trips incurred by the Company or such management; and (ix) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the
performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.10, provided that
the expenses reimbursed to the Underwriters shall not exceed $75,000 in the aggregate. If the Offering is consummated, the Representatives
may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall
be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representatives prior to the Closing Date) to be paid by the Company to the Representatives
and others. In addition, the Company may agree to pay, promptly upon the request of the Representatives and as agreed between the Company
and the Representative, reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by any of the Underwriters which are associated with any Business
Combination marketing activities or capital markets advisory activities undertaken by any of the Underwriters at the request of the Company
(such activities, Business Combination Services and such Underwriters, Business Combination Advisors).
The Company may also pay for the costs and expenses incurred by the Business Combination Advisors in connection with the Business Combination
to the extent provided for in Section 3.33. If the Offering is not consummated because the Company elects not to proceed with
the Offering but Representatives are willing to proceed with the offering (other than a breach by the Representatives of any of their
obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representatives to an aggregate amount of $50,000 for their reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Underwriters related to FINRA matters.

3.11 Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and the Private Placement received by it in a manner consistent
in all material respects with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.12 Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable
an earnings statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Act or the
Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve
consecutive months beginning after the Effective Date.

3.13 Notice
to FINRA.

3.13.1 Notice
to the Representatives. For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless
of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide
any other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to the Representatives prior to the consummation of
the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services, and (ii) justification
as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect
to the Offering, as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure
of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file
with the Commission in connection with the Business Combination. 

18

3.13.2 FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Representatives if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or
associated person of a Participating Member.

3.13.3 Broker/Dealer.
In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become
a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.14 Stabilization.
Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representatives)
has taken and the Company will not take, and has directed its employees, directors or shareholders to not take, directly or indirectly,
any action without the consent of the Representatives that is designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected
to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.15 Existing
Lock-Up Agreement. The Company will use its best efforts to enforce all existing agreements between the Company and any of its security
holders that prohibit the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation of any of the Securities in connection with the Offering.
In addition, the Company will direct the Companys transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon any such Securities of
the Company that are bound by such existing lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated in such agreements.

3.16 Payment
of Deferred Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the occurrence of the Specified Event, the Company agrees that it
will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Underwriters, in accordance
with Section 1.3.

3.17 Internal
Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.18 Accounting
Firm. Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which
the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain Withum or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably
acceptable to the Representatives. 

3.19 Form
8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance
sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall file
a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Promptly
after the Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission
a Current Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of such
option.

3.20 Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction to the Representatives and R&G.

3.21 Investment
Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for
in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject
to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other
than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

19

3.22 Amendments
to Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or
modify its Charter Documents, except in accordance with the procedures set forth therein.

3.23 Press
Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, relating to the Offering or which
includes the name of any Underwriter, without the Representatives prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for
a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from
issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein
shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.24 Insurance.
Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company
is required to be liquidated, the Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation,
insurance covering the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with the Offering, including,
without limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities
laws).

3.25 Electronic
Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but
in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters
in connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any
amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory
to the Representatives, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least
the period during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same
information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot
be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair
and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible
into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representatives, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have
continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription
to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time). 

3.26 Private
Placement Proceeds. On or prior to the Closing Date the Company shall have caused the applicable proceeds from the Private Placement
to be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements.

3.27 Future
Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private
equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive,
in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.28 Amendments
to Certain Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Insider Letter and the Trust Agreement without
the prior written consent of the Representatives, which such consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the
Representatives. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction signed by both the
Company and the Representatives with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account, prior to commencing
any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination.

3.29 Maintenance
of Listing on Nasdaq. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain the listing of the Public Securities on Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representatives.

20

3.30 Reservation
of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable
(i) upon exercise of the Warrants and that are included in the Placement Units, including the securities issuable upon exercise of the
Warrants included in the Placement Units outstanding from time to time and (ii) upon conversion of the Founder Shares.

3.31 Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.32 Disqualification
of S-1. Until the earlier of seven (7) years from the date hereof or until the Warrants have either expired and are no longer exercisable
or have all been exercised or redeemed, the Company will not take any action or actions that prevent or disqualify the Companys
use of Form S-1 (or other appropriate form) for the registration of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the
Act.

3.33 Business
Combination Securities Disclosure Documents. If a Business Combination Advisor may be deemed, in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter
of any securities issued pursuant to any registration statement or tender offer document filed with the Commission in connection with
the consummation of the Business Combination by the Company, a Target Business or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary of any of
them (any such issuer or co-issuer, a Registrant, and any such securities, the Business Combination Securities),
the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide or cause to be provided to such Business Combination Advisor information
and access to all persons, properties and documents to the extent necessary for such Business Combination Advisor to complete a due diligence
investigation sufficient (in the view of such Business Combination Advisor in its sole discretion) to provide such Business Combination
Advisor with a reasonable due diligence defense in respect of any claims that could be brought against an underwriter of
the applicable Business Combination Securities under federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation,
Section 11 of the Act. As used herein, the term reasonable due diligence means a reasonable investigation that provides
the investigating person a reasonable ground to believe that at the time of the applicable offer, issuance or distribution of any Business
Combination Securities, no registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, proxy statement, tender offer document or offering
memorandum, including, without limitation, any document incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing, or any amendment or supplement
to any of the foregoing, or any other marketing document used by any Registrant, filed with or furnished by the Company to the Commission
in connection with the Business Combination but excluding any filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act (each,
a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document), in each case relating to such offer, issuance or distribution,
contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company agrees to use its
commercially reasonable efforts that it will provide to such Business Combination Advisor notice of each filing under Rule 425 of the
Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act and each other form of public communication about the Business Combination reasonably in advance
of such filing or public communication. The Company further covenants that it will use its best efforts to ensure that any projections
provided to such Business Combination Advisor by any Registrant or prepared by any Registrant or any representative of such Registrant
(a Registrant Representative) and contained in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, in each case,
at the time they were prepared, will have been prepared in good faith and will be based upon assumptions which, in the light of the circumstances
under which they are made, are reasonable.

3.34 Obligations
in Connection with Business Combination. If requested in writing by a Business Combination Advisor, if it may be deemed, in its sole
judgment, to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, the following shall apply:

3.34.1 Prior to entering into
any definitive agreement with respect to the Business Combination (or amendment thereto) and until such time as such Business Combination
is consummated:

(a) The Company agrees to
notify such Business Combination Advisor with respect to, and to permit such Business Combination Advisor, at its request, to participate
in, all diligence sessions with any Registrant or any Registrant Representative and all drafting sessions in respect of any Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Document.

21

(b) The Company shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to provide drafts of all Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents to such Business Combination
Advisor and its legal counsel reasonably in advance of the filing by the Company (or, if such filing is to be made by a Registrant other
than the Company, any filing which is required to be approved by the Company) of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document
with the Commission or the circulation by any Registrant of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to any prospective
investor, sufficient to allow such Business Combination Advisor and its legal counsel to request changes determined by them to be reasonably
necessary to such Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document before its filing or circulation. The Company shall not permit the
filing with or furnishing to the Commission of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document without the consent of such Business
Combination Advisor, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned.

3.34.2 Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary herein, the Company agrees that such Business Combination Advisor shall have the right, in connection with its reasonable
due diligence under Section 3.33, (i) to retain counsel and other consultants and experts as it may deem necessary or desirable
in connection with its reasonable due diligence under Section 3.34.1 (it being understood that the retention of any such consultant or
expert or other advisor, other than outside legal counsel, will be made with the prior written approval of the Company, which approval
will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (ii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each counsel to the
Company and to any other Registrant provides customary legal opinions and negative assurance letters to such Business Combination Advisor
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Business Combination Advisor, (iii) to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure
that each accounting firm or firms that were retained by the Company or by any other Registrant and that have audited any financial statements
set forth in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document provide customary comfort letters to such Business
Combination Advisor; and (iv) to take and shall use its reasonable best efforts to take any other actions reasonably requested by such
Business Combination Advisor.

3.34.3 In connection with the
Business Combination, to the extent the Company retains an unaffiliated party (the Fairness Opinion Provider) to
prepare a report and provide an opinion (the Fairness Opinion) concerning the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the Business Combination to the Company and its unaffiliated shareholders, the Company shall, pursuant to, and in accordance
with, applicable law, disclose in reasonable detail in a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document the results of that report
and, as necessary or appropriate, a copy of that report. Each Registrant shall provide the Fairness Opinion Provider with all information
and access to persons and documents that the Fairness Opinion Provider deems reasonably necessary and appropriate in connection with the
preparation of its Fairness Opinion.

3.34.4 Prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, the Company shall include in the definitive agreement for the Business Combination (i) a covenant for the
assignment and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination, of all of the Companys obligations
hereunder and (ii) that such Business Combination Advisor may rely on the representations and warranties contained therein as if it were
a party thereto. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that each Target Business in the Business Combination agrees
to deliver to such Business Combination Advisor a certificate of an officer of such Target Business stating that to such officers
knowledge the representations and warranties made by the Target Business in the definitive agreement for the Business Combination are
true and correct as of the date of such certificate, subject to (i) a customary materiality standard, (ii) any applicable carve-out with
reference to disclosure included in the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document and (iii) required adjustments for such representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date. In addition, in connection with the Business Combination, the Company will, and will
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Registrant to, comply in all material respects with (i) the obligations and covenants of
the Company which relate to the period following the Business Combination Closing set forth in Sections 3 and 5 of this Agreement and
(ii) all laws, rules and regulations applicable either to the Registrant and its business activities or to the Business Combination, as
such laws, rules and regulations may be in effect at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination.

3.34.5 Nothing herein shall
be deemed to require the Underwriters to limit their rights to compensation or to reimbursement of expenses without their express agreement
or otherwise to assume any liability other than as may be expressly required under the Act.

22

3.34.6 The Company acknowledges
and agrees that nothing in this Section 3.34 shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain
from taking any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect
of itself, in its sole discretion.

4. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall
be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the
Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions
hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m., New York time, on the
date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representatives, and, at each of the Closing
Date and each Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and
no proceedings for the purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the
part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives
and R&G.

4.1.2 FINRA
Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable
or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No
Blue Sky Stop Orders. No order suspending the sale of the Units in any jurisdiction designated by the Underwriters pursuant to Section
3.5 hereof shall have been issued on each of the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, shall be contemplated.

4.1.4 No
Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to
issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.5 Approval
of Listing on Nasdaq. The Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to official notice
of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representatives.

4.2 Company
Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing
Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsels. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall
have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of Greenberg Traurig LLP and the favorable opinion of Mourant Ozannes
(Cayman) LLP, dated the Closing Date or each Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representatives as representatives
for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives and R&G. On the Closing Date and each Option
Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of R&G, dated the Closing
Date, addressed to the Representatives as representatives for the several Underwriters.

4.2.2 Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written
statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the
corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to
the Representatives counsel if requested.

23

4.3 Comfort
Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall
have received a letter, addressed to the Representatives as representatives for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory
in all respects to the Representatives, from Withum dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and
Option Closing Date, if any. 

4.4 Officers
Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company,
or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date,
as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required
by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as
the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing
Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2
hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representatives will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the
Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representatives may reasonably request.

4.4.2 Secretarys
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representatives shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company, dated
the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Charter Documents are true and
complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors
relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the
accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness
of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and Nasdaq; and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The
documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate. 

4.5 No
Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material
adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities,
financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus; (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any
Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as
set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings
therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission; and
(iv) the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain
all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all
material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

4.6 Delivery
of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representatives executed copies of the Transaction Documents
and all of the Insider Letters.

4.7 Private
Placement. On the Closing Date, the Private Placement shall have been completed in accordance with Section 3.26.

4.8 Good
Standing. The Representatives shall have received on and as of (i) the Effective Date, and (ii) the Closing Date or the Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of organization and its good standing
in such other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication
from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions.

24

5. Indemnification
and Contribution.

5.1 Indemnification.

5.1.1 Indemnification
of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners,
members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person) as follows:

a. against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto),
or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus,
Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus or, in the event a Business Combination Advisor, in
its sole judgment, may be deemed to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, any Business Combination Securities Disclosure
Document (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

b. against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate
amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened,
or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided
that (subject to Section 5.1.4) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not
unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld;

c. against
any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, damages, liabilities and expenses reasonably incurred by any of them (including the reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred, that are related to or arise out of any business combination marketing or capital markets
advisory activities by any Underwriter on the Companys behalf in connection with a Business Combination, provided that the Company
will not, however, be responsible to an Indemnified Person for any portion of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, damage, liability
or expense that is finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted
primarily and directly from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Person seeking such indemnification;

d. against
any and all expense whatsoever (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), as reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or
defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any claim
whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a party),
to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (a), (b) or (c) above; and

e. against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, arising out of the Companys
failure to provide any of the information and access to persons, properties and documents required to be provided under Section 3.33
hereof; 

provided, however, that the foregoing agreement shall not apply to
any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement
or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information (and, in connection with any Business
Combination, similar information provided by or on behalf of the Business Combination Advisors expressly for use in any Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Document).

25

5.1.2 Indemnification
of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the
Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the
Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage
and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions,
or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), in reliance upon and in conformity
with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.3 Notifications
and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1
will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against
an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action,
enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from
(i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that
it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such
omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against
any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate
in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement
of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the
action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified
party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses
except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection
with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other
charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party
has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel)
that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available
to the indemnifying party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the
indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such
action on behalf of the indemnified party), or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such
action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the
commencement of the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense
of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding
or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate
firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such
fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party
will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party
shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any
pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified
party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified
party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation,
proceeding or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf
of any indemnified party. 

5.1.4 Settlement
Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified
party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature
contemplated by Section 5.1.1(b) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than forty-five (45)
days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the
terms of such settlement at least thirty (30) days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall
not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

26

5.2 Contribution.
In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs
of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the
Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages
(including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any
action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand. The relative benefits
received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total
net proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation
received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Units on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation
provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim,
liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such
offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters,
the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or
omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section
5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable
considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense
or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this
Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending
any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1
and this Section 5.2, each Underwriter shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions actually received
by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act)
will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section
5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Act, any affiliates of the respective Underwriters
and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have the same rights
to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement
will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution,
promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be
made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so
notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under
this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights
or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section
5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent
is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

6. Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm
Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number
of Firm Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased
by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default
Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm
Units, the Representatives may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties satisfactory to the Company to purchase
such Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating
to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representatives do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled
to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representatives to purchase
said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representatives nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units
to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives or the Company
without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several
Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its
liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

27

6.3 Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters,
or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the
Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby
be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements,
and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been
a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1 Additional
Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that, until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary
Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company
that participate in any manner in the Trust Account or that vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust
Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due
diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or
vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently
acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands
that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $151,500,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the
Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they
elect to redeem Public Shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company
fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter Documents, or (iii) to the Company after or
concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate
such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor,
as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason
whatsoever. The foregoing letters shall substantially be in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively.
The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and
the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of Directors. 

7.3 Insider
Letter. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Insider Letter and will
not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representatives, which consent
shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representatives.

7.4 Rule
419. The Company agrees that it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule
419 under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its commercially reasonable
efforts to prevent any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in
Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

28

7.5 Tender
Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representatives or their counsel (if so instructed
by the Representatives) with ten (10) copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed with the
Commission in connection with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with the Commission
pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representatives pursuant to this Section 7.5. In addition,
the Company shall furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by
such state.

7.6 [Reserved].

7.7 Target
Net Assets. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the
balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding
taxes payable). The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon standards
generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of
Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market value requirement, the
Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value
if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value, provided
that the Target Business is not affiliated with an Insider. 

7.8 Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained
in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date,
if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained
in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
the Underwriters, the Company or any controlling person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery
of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh
(7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and
agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

7.9 Charter
Documents. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action that would cause the Company to be in breach or violation
of any of its Charter Documents.

8. Effective
Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1 Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by
the Commission.

8.2 Termination.
The Representatives shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date by notice given to the Company,
(i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will
in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE), the NYSE American, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, or The Nasdaq Capital
Market or quoted on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges
for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order
of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a
new war or an increase in existing major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or Federal
authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities
market; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or
other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or malicious act which,
whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the
delivery of the Units; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder;
or (viii) if the Representatives shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions of
the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation, as a result of terrorist activities
or any other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or crisis either
within or outside the United States after the date hereof, or an increase in any of the foregoing, as in the Representatives judgment
would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters
for the sale of the Public Securities.

29

8.3 Expenses.
In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason other than solely because of the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 6 hereof, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the
obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section
3.10 hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representatives for any reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection
with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

8.4 Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or
termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by
hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed
and shall be deemed given when so mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representatives:

Cohen & Company Capital
Markets,

a division of J.V.B. Financial
Group, LLC

3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: General Counsel

Email: gc@cohenandcompany.com

Seaport Global Securities
LLC

360 Madison Avenue

22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Jack Mascone

Email: SPACCapitalMarkets@seaportglobal.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Ropes & Gray LLP

1211 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036-8704

Attn: Christopher J. Capuzzi,
Esq.

Email: christopher.capuzzi@ropesgray.com

If to the Company:

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

Attention: Kanishka Roy

Email: kanishka@plumpartners.com

30

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Greenberg Traurig LLP

1750 Tysons Boulevard

Suite 1000

McLean, Virginia 22102

Attn: Jason Simon and Tricia
Branker

Email: Jason.Simon@gtlaw.com;
brankert@gtlaw.com

9.2 Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3 Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representatives, the Underwriters, the Company
and the controlling persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and
their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors
and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

9.6 Waiver
of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced
hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment
in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations
hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed),
the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

9.7 Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representatives irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York
State or United States Federal court sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of
the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representatives irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection
that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim
that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons
to be served upon the Company or the Representatives may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed
personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representatives in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the
Company and the Representatives waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction
with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent
court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party
in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

31

9.8 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

9.9 Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties
hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

9.10 Waiver.
The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any
of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties
against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall
be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment. 

9.11 No
Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement
is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters; (ii)
in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the
agent or fiduciary of the Company; (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company
with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised
or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth
in this Agreement; (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its
management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken
in furtherance of the Offering, either before or after the date hereof; and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal and financial
advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company,
either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company
hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered
advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or
the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgment
with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions,
including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute
advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that
the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

32

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the
Representatives and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute
a binding agreement between us.

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy 

Name: Kanishka Roy 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted on the date first above written.

COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS,

A DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC, as
a

Representative of the several underwriters

By: /s/ Jerry Serowik 

Name: Jerry Serowik 

Title: Senior Managing Director, Head

of Capital Markets 

SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, as a

Representative of the several underwriters

By: /s/ Jack Mascone 

Name: Jack Mascone 

Title: Head of Capital Markets 

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

33

SCHEDULE A

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

15,000,000 Units

Underwriters Number of

Firm Units 

to be 

Purchased 

Cohen & Company Capital Markets 10,500,000 

Seaport Global Securities LLC 3,000,000 

Benjamin Securities, Inc. 1,500,000 

Total 15,000,000 

34

SCHEDULE B

Testing-the-Waters-Communication:

Reference is made to the materials used in the
testing the waters presentation made to potential investors by the Company, to the extent such materials are deemed to be a written
communication within the meaning of Section 5(d) of the Act.

35

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF TARGET BUSINESS LETTER

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company), dated as of January [], 2025 (the Prospectus).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus
and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $[], for the benefit of the
Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that,
except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account
only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period
set forth in its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to
the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to evaluate the undersigned for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees
that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim)
and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Target Business 

Authorized Signature of Target Business 

36

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF VENDOR LETTER

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company), dated as of January [], 2025 (the Prospectus).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus
and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $[] for the benefit of the
Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that,
except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account
only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period
set forth in its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to
the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to engage the services of the undersigned, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim
it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the
Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Vendor 

Authorized Signature of Vendor 

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex3-1_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

(adopted pursuant to special resolutions of
the Company dated January 14, 2025 and effective on January 16, 2025)

COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

(adopted pursuant to special resolutions of
the Company dated January 14, 2025 and effective on January 16, 2025)

1. The name of the Company is Plum Acquisition Corp. IV.

2. The registered office of the Company is at the offices of Mourant Governance
Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, PO Box 1348, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands or at such other place as
the Directors may from time to time decide. 

3. The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and
the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by law as provided by Section 7(4) of the Companies
Act. 

4. The Company shall have and be capable of exercising all the functions
of a natural person of full capacity irrespective of any question of corporate benefit as provided by Section 27(2) of the Companies Act.

5. Nothing in the preceding paragraphs shall be deemed to permit the Company
to carry on the business of a bank or trust company without being licensed in that behalf under the provisions of the Banks and Trust
Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, or to carry on insurance business from within the Cayman Islands or the business of
an insurance manager, agent, sub-agent or broker without being licensed in that behalf under the provisions of the Insurance Act (as amended)
of the Cayman Islands, or to carry on the business of company management without being licensed in that behalf under the provisions of
the Companies Management Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands.

1

6. The Company will not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm
or corporation except in furtherance of the business of the Company carried on outside the Cayman Islands, provided that nothing in this
Memorandum of Association shall be construed as to prevent the Company from effecting and concluding contracts in the Cayman Islands,
and exercising in the Cayman Islands all of its powers necessary for the carrying on of business outside the Cayman Islands.

7. The liability of each member is limited to the amount from time to time
unpaid on such members shares.

8. The authorised share capital of the Company is US$22,100 divided into
200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.0001
each and 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of US$0.0001 each, with the power for the Company, insofar as is permitted by law
and the Articles of Association of the Company, to redeem, purchase or redesignate any of its shares and to increase or reduce the said
share capital subject to the Companies Act and the Articles of Association and to issue any part of its capital, whether original, redeemed
or increased with or without any preference, priority or special privilege or subject to any postponement of rights or to any conditions
or restrictions and so that unless the conditions of issue shall otherwise expressly declare every issue of shares whether declared to
be preference or otherwise shall be subject to the powers hereinbefore contained.

9. The Company may exercise the power contained in Section 206 of the Companies
Act to deregister in the Cayman Islands and be registered by way of continuation in another jurisdiction.

10. Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Memorandum of Association
bear the meanings given to those terms in the Articles of Association of the Company.

2

COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

(adopted pursuant to special resolutions of
the Company dated January 14, 2025 and effective on January 16, 2025)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE PAGE

TABLE A 1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1

COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS 7

SITUATION OF REGISTERED OFFICE 7

SHARES 7

ISSUE OF SHARES 8

SHARE RIGHTS 9

CLASS B SHARE CONVERSION 9

REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES 10

TREASURY SHARES 11

MODIFICATION OF RIGHTS 12

COMMISSION ON SALES OF SHARES 13

SHARE CERTIFICATES 13

TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF SHARES 13

LIEN 15

CALL ON SHARES 15

FORFEITURE OF SHARES 16

ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL 17

GENERAL MEETINGS 18

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS 19

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS 19

VOTES OF SHAREHOLDERS 21

CLEARING HOUSES 23

WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS 23

DIRECTORS 24

TRANSACTIONS WITH DIRECTORS 26

POWERS OF DIRECTORS 27

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS 28

WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS OF DIRECTORS 30

PRESUMPTION OF ASSENT 30

BORROWING POWERS 30

SECRETARY 30

THE SEAL 31

Dividends, Distributions and Reserves 31

SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT 32

ACCOUNTS 32

AUDIT 33

NOTICES 33

WINDING UP AND FINAL DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS 35

INDEMNITY 35

DISCLOSURE 36

i

BUSINESS COMBINATION 36

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 39

CLOSING REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING RECORD DATE 40

REGISTRATION BY WAY OF CONTINUATION 40

FINANCIAL YEAR 41

AMENDMENTS TO MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 41

CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION 41

ii

COMPANIES ACT (AS AMENDED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

(adopted pursuant to special resolutions of
the Company dated January 14, 2025 and effective on January 16, 2025)

TABLE A

1. In these Articles, the regulations contained in Table A in the First
Schedule to the Companies Act (as defined below) do not apply except insofar as they are repeated or contained in these Articles.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

2. In these Articles the following words and expressions shall have the
meanings set out below save where the context otherwise requires:

Applicable Law with respect to any person, all applicable provisions of all constitutions, treaties, statutes, laws (including the common law), codes, rules, regulations, ordinances or orders of any Governmental Authority, and any orders, decisions, injunctions, awards and decrees of or agreements with any Governmental Authority;

1

Articles these articles of association of the Company, as amended or amended and restated from time to time by Special Resolution;

Audit Committee the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to Article 170, or any successor audit committee;

Auditors the auditor or auditors for the time being of the Company;

Board of Directors the Directors assembled as a board or assembled as a committee appointed by that board;

Business Combination a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or assets (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of entering into the definitive agreement to enter into a Business Combination; (b) must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations; and (c) must only be effectuated if the post-business combination company in which the holders of the Public Shares own shares will own or acquire 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940;

Business Combination Provisions has the meaning given in Article 187;

Class or Classes any class or classes of Shares as may from time to time be issued by the Company;

Class A Share a Class A ordinary share with a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Class B Share a Class B ordinary share with a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Class B Share Conversion the conversion of Class B Shares in accordance with these Articles;

2

Companies Act the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands;

Company the above-named company;

Designated 

Stock Exchange means any national securities exchange or automated system on which the Companys securities are traded, including, but not limited to, NASDAQ Global Market, The New York Stock Exchange or any over-the-counter (OTC) market;

Directors the directors of the Company for the time being;

Dividend any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to these Articles;

DPA has the meaning given in Article 212;

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act;

Electronic Transactions Act the Electronic Transactions Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands; 

Equity-linked Securities any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including, but not limited to, a private placement of equity or debt;

Founders the Sponsor and all Shareholders immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO;

Governmental Authority any nation or government or any province or state or any other political subdivision thereof, or any entity, authority or body exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including any court, tribunal, government authority, agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality or any political subdivision thereof, any court, tribunal or arbitrator, and any self-regulatory organisation;

Independent Directors has the meaning prescribed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange;

Investor Group the Sponsor and its affiliates, successors and assigns;

Investor Group Related Person has the meaning given in Article 200; 

3

IPO the Companys initial public offering of securities;

IPO Redemption has the meaning given in Article 192;

Memorandum the memorandum of association of the Company, as amended or amended and restated from time to time by Special Resolution;

Ordinary Resolution 

a resolution:

(a) passed
by a simple majority of the votes of such Shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy,
at a general meeting and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each Shareholder
is entitled; or

(b) approved
in writing by all of the Shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting in one or more instruments each signed by one or more of the
Shareholders and the effective date of the resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument, or the last of such instruments,
if more than one, is executed;

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriter to purchase additional units sold in the IPO at a price equal to US$10.00 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions;

paid up paid up as to the par value and any premium payable in respect of the issue of any Shares and includes credited as paid up;

person any natural person, firm, company, joint venture, partnership, corporation, association or other entity (whether or not having separate legal personality) or any of them as the context so requires;

Personal Data has the meaning given in Article 212;

Preference Share a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Public Share a Class A Share issued as part of the units issued in the IPO;

Redemption Price has the meaning given in Article 192;

Register of Members the register of Shareholders to be kept pursuant to these Articles;

4

Registered Office the registered office of the Company for the time being;

Seal the common seal of the Company including any duplicate seal;

SEC the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

Secretary any person appointed by the Directors to perform any of the duties of the secretary of the Company, including a joint, assistant or deputy secretary;

Series a series of a Class as may from time to time be issued by the Company;

Share means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company;

Shareholder any person registered in the Register of Members as the holder of Shares of the Company and, where two or more persons are so registered as the joint holders of such Shares, the person whose name stands first in the Register of Members as one of such joint holders;

Share Premium Account the share premium account established in accordance with these Articles and the Companies Act;

signed includes an electronic signature and a signature or representation of a signature affixed by mechanical means;

Special Resolution 

has the same meaning as in the Companies Act,
being a resolution:

(a) passed
by a majority of not less than two-thirds (or, with respect to amending Article 119 or Article 127(g) prior to the consummation of a Business
Combination, a majority of not less than 90% of the votes cast at a general meeting) of such Shareholders as, being entitled to do so,
vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution
as a special resolution has been duly given and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes
to which each Shareholder is entitled; or

(b) approved
in writing by all of the Shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting in one or more instruments each signed by one or more of the
Shareholders and the effective date of the special resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument or the last of such
instruments, if more than one, is executed;

5

Sponsor Plum Partners IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

Treasury Shares Shares that were previously issued but were purchased, redeemed, surrendered or otherwise acquired by the Company and not cancelled;

Trust Account the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds of a private placement of securities simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited;

Underwriter an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter; and

US Exchange Act the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 

3. In these Articles, unless there be something in the subject or context
inconsistent with such construction:

(a) words importing the singular number shall include the plural number and vice versa;

(b) words importing a gender shall include other genders;

(c) words importing persons only shall include companies, partnerships, trusts or associations or bodies of
persons, whether corporate or not;

(d) the word may shall be construed as permissive and the word shall shall be construed
as imperative;

(e) the word year shall mean calendar year, the word quarter shall mean calendar quarter
and the word month shall mean calendar month;

(f) a reference to a dollar or $ is a reference to the legal currency of the United
States of America;

(g) a reference to any enactment includes a reference to any modification or re-enactment thereof for the
time being in force;

6

(h) a reference to any meeting (whether of the Directors, a committee appointed by the Board of Directors
or the Shareholders or any class of Shareholders) includes any adjournment of that meeting;

(i) Sections 8 and 19 of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply; and

(j) a reference to written or in writing includes a reference to all modes of representing
or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record.

4. Subject to the two preceding Articles, any words defined in the Companies
Act shall, if not inconsistent with the subject or context, bear the same meaning in these Articles. 

5. The table of contents to and the headings in these Articles are for
convenience of reference only and are to be ignored in construing these Articles.

COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS

6. The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation
as the Board of Directors shall see fit.

SITUATION OF REGISTERED OFFICE

7. The Registered Office shall be at such address in the Cayman Islands
as the Directors shall from time to time determine. The Company, in addition to the Registered Office, may establish and maintain such
other offices and places of business and agencies in such places as the Directors may from time to time determine.

SHARES

8. The Directors may impose such restrictions as they think necessary on
the offer and sale of any Shares.

9. The Directors may in their absolute discretion refuse to accept any
application for Shares and may accept any application in whole or in part.

10. The Company may on any issue of Shares deduct any sales charge or subscription
fee from the amount subscribed for the Shares.

11. No person shall be recognised by the Company as holding any Share upon
any trust, and the Company shall not be bound by or recognise (even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent, future or partial
interest in any Share, or (except as otherwise provided by these Articles or as required by law) any other right in respect of any Share
except an absolute right thereto in the registered holder.

7

12. The Directors shall keep or cause to be kept a Register of Members as
required by the Companies Act at such place or places as the Directors may from time to time determine, and in the absence of any such
determination, the Register of Members shall be kept at the Registered Office.

13. The Directors in each year shall prepare or cause to be prepared an
annual return and declaration setting forth the particulars required by the Companies Act in respect of exempted companies and deliver
a copy thereof to the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands.

14. The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

ISSUE OF SHARES

15. Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction
that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, without prejudice to any rights attached to
any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share)
with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise
and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Companies Act and these
Articles) vary such rights, and for such purposes the Directors may reserve an appropriate number of Shares for the time being unissued;
save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) to
the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion as set out in these Articles.

16. The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities
or securities of a similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares
or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine, and for such purposes the Directors
may reserve an appropriate number of Shares for the time being unissued.

17. The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may
be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring
the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon
such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the
IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the
Underwriter determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC
and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities
comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

8

18. Subject to Article 38, the Directors, or the Shareholders by Ordinary
Resolution, may authorise the division of Shares into any number of Classes and sub-classes and Series and sub-series and the different
Classes and sub-classes and Series and sub-series shall be authorised, established and designated (or re-designated as the case may be)
and the variations in the relative rights (including, without limitation, voting, dividend and redemption rights), restrictions, preferences,
privileges and payment obligations as between the different Classes and Series (if any) may be fixed and determined by the Directors or
the Shareholders by Ordinary Resolution.

19. The Directors may issue fractions of a Share and, if so issued, a fraction
of a Share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to nominal or par value, premium,
calls or otherwise howsoever), limitations, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions, rights (including without prejudice
to the foregoing generality, voting and participation rights) and other attributes of a Share. If more than one fraction of a Share is
issued to or acquired by the same Shareholder, such fractions shall be accumulated.

20. The premium arising on all issues of Shares shall be held in the Share
Premium Account established in accordance with these Articles.

21. Payment for Shares shall be made at such time and place and to such
person on behalf of the Company as the Directors may from time to time determine. Payment for any Shares shall be made in such currency
as the Directors may determine from time to time, provided that the Directors shall have the discretion to accept payment in any other
currency or in kind or a combination of cash and in kind.

SHARE RIGHTS

22. With the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the
conversion rights referred to in Article 23, the Director appointment and removal rights referred to in Article 119 and except as otherwise
specified in these Articles or required by law, the rights attaching to all Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in
all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters.

CLASS B SHARE CONVERSION

23. Class B Shares shall automatically on the day of the closing of the
initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder of such Class B Shares, convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one
basis.

24. The applicable conversion ratio for Class B Shares shall be adjusted
to account for any subdivision (by share split, subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation
or otherwise) or combination (by reverse share split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise)
or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after
the adoption of these Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation
of the Class B Shares in issue.

9

25. Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A
Shares as set forth in this Article 25. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class
B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to these Articles
and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

26. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Articles, in no event
may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

27. References in Articles 23 to 26 to converted,
conversion or exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption
without notice of Class B Shares of any Shareholder and, on behalf of such Shareholders, automatic application of such redemption proceeds
in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share necessary
to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange
will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Shareholder
or in such name as the Shareholder may direct.

REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES

28. Subject to the Companies Act and the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Company may:

(a) issue Shares on terms that they are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Company
or the Shareholder on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may determine;

(b) purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) on such terms and in such manner as the Directors
may determine and agree with the Shareholder;

(c) make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner authorised by
the Companies Act, including out of its capital; and

(d) accept the surrender for no consideration of any paid up Share (including any redeemable Share) on such
terms and in such manner as the Directors may determine.

29. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Shareholders who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in these Articles;

(b) Shares held by the Founders shall be surrendered by the Founders on a pro rata basis for no consideration
to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Founders will own, on an as converted basis, 25 per
cent of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in any private placement simultaneously with,
or prior to, the closing of the IPO and any Public Shares purchased by the Founders in the IPO); and

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in these Articles.

10

30. The redemptions and repurchases of Shares in the circumstances described
in Article 29 above shall not require further approval of the Shareholders.

31. Any Share in respect of which notice of redemption has been given shall
not be entitled to participate in the profits of the Company in respect of the period after the date specified as the date of redemption
in the notice of redemption.

32. The redemption, purchase or surrender of any Share shall not be deemed
to give rise to the redemption, purchase or surrender of any other Share.

33. The Directors may when making payments in respect of redemption or purchase
of Shares, if authorised by the terms of issue of the Shares being redeemed or purchased or with the agreement of the holder of such Shares,
make such payment either in cash or in specie including, without limitation, interests in a special purpose vehicle holding assets of
the Company or holding entitlement to the proceeds of assets held by the Company or in a liquidating structure.

TREASURY SHARES

34. Shares that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires (by way of surrender
or otherwise) may, at the option of the Company, be cancelled immediately or held as Treasury Shares in accordance with the Companies
Act. In the event that the Directors do not specify that the relevant Shares are to be held as Treasury Shares, such Shares shall be cancelled.

35. No dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether
in cash or otherwise) of the Companys assets (including any distribution of assets to Shareholders on a winding up) may be declared or
paid in respect of a Treasury Share.

36. The Company shall be entered in the Register of Members as the holder
of the Treasury Shares provided that:

(a) the Company shall not be treated as a Shareholder for any purpose and shall not exercise any right in
respect of the Treasury Shares, and any purported exercise of such a right shall be void; and

(b) a Treasury Share shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company and shall not
be counted in determining the total number of issued shares at any given time, whether for the purposes of these Articles or the Companies
Act, save that an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect of Treasury Shares is permitted and Shares allotted as fully
paid bonus shares in respect of Treasury Shares shall be treated as Treasury Shares.

37. Treasury Shares may be disposed of by the Company on any terms and conditions
as determined by the Directors.

11

MODIFICATION OF RIGHTS

38. If at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different
classes of Shares, the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may,
whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent in writing of the holders of the issued Shares of that class
where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation
shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class, or with
the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of
the Shares of that class, which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued
Shares of that class). For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have
a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions
of these Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall be one or more
persons holding or representing by proxy at least one third in nominal or par value amount of the issued Shares of the class (but so that
if at any adjourned meeting of such holders a quorum as above defined is not present, those Shareholders who are present shall form a
quorum) and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

39. For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat
two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected
in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

40. The provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings shall
apply to every class meeting of the holders of one class of Shares except that the necessary quorum shall be one or more Shareholders
holding or representing by proxy at least twenty per cent in par value of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares
of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

41. The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued
with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed
to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith, any variation of the rights conferred upon the holders
of Shares of any other class, or the redemption or purchase of any Shares of any class by the Company.

12

COMMISSION ON SALES OF SHARES

42. The Company may, in so far as the Companies Act permits, pay a commission
to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing
to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash
and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

SHARE CERTIFICATES

43. The Shares will be issued in fully registered, book-entry form. A Shareholder
shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing
Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other
person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by
mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to
which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to these Articles, no new
certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and
cancelled.

44. If a share certificate is defaced, worn out lost or destroyed it may
be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on payment of such fee, if any, and on such terms if any, as to evidence
and obligations to indemnify the Company as the Board of Directors may determine and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery
of the old certificate. 

45. Every share certificate sent in accordance with these Articles will
be sent at the risk of the Shareholder or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share
certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery. 

46. Every share certificate of the Company shall bear legends required under
Applicable Law, including the US Exchange Act.

TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

47. Subject to these Articles and the rules or regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange or any relevant rules of the SEC or securities laws (including, but not limited to the US Exchange Act), a Shareholder
may transfer all or any of his, her or its Shares. 

48. The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in: (a) any usual or
common form; (b) such form as is prescribed by the Designated Stock Exchange; or (c) any other form as the Directors may determine, and
shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor and if in respect of a nil or partly paid up Share, or if so required by the Directors,
shall also be executed on behalf of the transferee and shall be accompanied by the certificate (if any) of the Shares to which it relates
and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer. The transferor
shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members in respect of the
relevant Shares.

13

49. Subject to the terms of issue thereof and the rules or regulations of
the Designated Stock Exchange or any relevant rules of the SEC or securities laws (including, but not limited to, the US Securities Act
of 1933, as amended), the Directors may determine to decline to register any transfer of Shares without assigning any reason therefor.
If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to these Articles on terms that
one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory
to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

50. The registration and transfer of Shares may be suspended at such times
and for such periods as the Directors may from time to time determine.

51. All instruments of transfer which are registered shall be retained by
the Company, but any instrument of transfer which the Directors may decline to register shall (except in any case of fraud) be returned
to the person depositing the same.

52. In case of the death of a Shareholder, the survivors or survivor (where
the deceased was a joint holder) and the executors or administrators of the deceased where the deceased was the sole or only surviving
holder, shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having title to the deceaseds interest in the Shares, but nothing in this
Article shall release the estate of the deceased holder whether sole or joint from any liability in respect of any Share solely or jointly
held by the deceased.

53. Any guardian of an infant Shareholder and any curator or other legal
representative of a Shareholder under legal disability and any person entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of
a Shareholder shall, upon producing such evidence of title as the Directors may require, have the right either to be registered as the
holder of the Share or to make such transfer thereof as the deceased or bankrupt Shareholder could have made, but the Directors shall
in either case have the same right to refuse or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Shares by
the infant or by the deceased or bankrupt Shareholder before the death or bankruptcy or by the Shareholder under legal disability before
such disability.

54. A person so becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death
or bankruptcy of a Shareholder shall have the right to receive and may give a discharge for all dividends and other money payable or other
advantages due on or in respect of the Share, but such person shall not be entitled to receive notice of or to attend or vote at meetings
of the Company, or save as aforesaid, to any of the rights or privileges of a Shareholder unless and until such person shall be registered
as a Shareholder in respect of the Share provided always that the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect
either to be registered or to transfer the Share and if the notice is not complied with within ninety (90) days the Directors may thereafter
withhold all dividends or other monies payable or other advantages due in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have
been complied with.

14

LIEN

55. The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether
fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Shareholder (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements
to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Shareholder or the Shareholders estate, either alone or jointly with
any other person, whether a Shareholder or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from
the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon.
The Companys lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

56. The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any
Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen
(14) clear days after notice has been given to the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or
bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold.

57. To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person
to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or the
purchasers nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and the purchaser shall not be bound
to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall the purchasers title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity
in the sale or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under these Articles.

58. The net proceeds of such sale, after payment of costs, shall be applied
in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any residue shall (subject to a
like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the
date of the sale.

CALL ON SHARES

59. Subject to the terms of the allotment the Directors may from time to
time make calls upon the Shareholders in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and
each Shareholder shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen (14) days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company
at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed as the Directors may determine.
A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon them notwithstanding
the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

60. A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution
of the Directors authorising such call was passed.

15

61. The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to
pay all calls in respect thereof.

62. If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person
from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the
Directors may determine, but the Directors may waive payment of the interest wholly or in part.

63. An amount payable in respect of a Share on allotment or at any fixed
date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all
the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

64. The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount
and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid.

65. The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Shareholder
willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by such Shareholder, and may (until the amount
would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Shareholder paying such
amount in advance.

66. No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Shareholder
paying such amount to any portion of a dividend declared in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but
for such payment, become payable.

FORFEITURE OF SHARES

67. If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors
may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen (14) clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together
with any interest which may have accrued. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not
complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

68. If the notice is not complied with any Share in respect of which it
was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture
shall include all dividends or other monies declared payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

69. A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of
on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture
may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred
to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

70. A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a
Shareholder in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall
remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by such person to the Company in respect of
those Shares together with interest, but such persons liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full
of all monies due and payable by such person in respect of those Shares.

16

71. A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or officer of
the Company that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the fact as against all persons claiming
to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of any instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to
the Share and the person to whom the Share is disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any,
nor shall such persons title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture,
sale or disposal of the Share.

72. The provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the
case of non-payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par
value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL

73. The Company may from time to time by Ordinary Resolution increase its
share capital by such sum to be divided into Shares of such classes and amounts, with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto
as the resolution shall prescribe.

74. All new Shares shall be subject to the provisions of these Articles
with reference to transfer, transmission and otherwise.

75. Subject to the Companies Act, the Company may by Special Resolution
from time to time reduce its share capital in any way, and in particular, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing power,
may:

(a) cancel any paid-up share capital which is lost, or which is not represented by available assets; or

(b) pay off any paid-up share capital which is in excess of the requirements of the Company,

and
may, if and so far as is necessary, alter the Memorandum by reducing the amounts of its share capital and of its Shares accordingly.

76. The Company may from time to time by Ordinary Resolution alter (without
reducing) its share capital by:

(a) consolidating and dividing all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(b) sub dividing its Shares, or any of them, into Shares of smaller amount than that fixed by the Memorandum
so, however, that in the sub division the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall
be the same as it was in the case of the Share from which the reduced Share is derived; or

(c) cancelling any Shares which, at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution, have not been taken,
or agreed to be taken by any person, and diminishing the amount of its authorised share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

17

GENERAL MEETINGS

77. For so long as any Shares are traded on a Designated Stock Exchange,
the Company shall in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices
calling it, unless such Designated Stock Exchange does not require the holding of an annual general meeting. Any annual general meeting
shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint in accordance with the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and
if no other time and place is prescribed by them, it shall be held at the Registered Office on the second Wednesday in December of each
year at ten oclock in the morning. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

78. All general meetings (other than annual general meetings) shall be called
extraordinary general meetings.

79. The Directors may proceed to convene a general meeting whenever they
think fit, including, without limitation, for the purposes of considering a liquidation of the Company, and they shall convene a general
meeting on the requisition of the Shareholders holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than 30 per cent in par
value of such of the paid-up capital of the Company as at the date of the deposit carries the right of voting at general meetings.

80. The requisition: 

(a) must be in writing and state the objects of the meeting;

(b) must be signed by each requisitionist and deposited at the Registered Office; and

(c) may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists.

81. If the Directors do not within twenty-one (21) days from the date of
the deposit of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one-half
of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held no
later than the day which falls three months after the expiration of the said twenty-one (21) days.

82. A general meeting convened as aforesaid by requisitionists shall be
convened in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which general meetings are convened by the Directors. A general meeting may
be convened in the Cayman Islands or at such other location, as the Directors think fit.

83. Shareholders seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting
or to nominate candidates for election as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices
of the Company not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the
scheduled date of the annual general meeting.

18

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS

84. Five (5) calendar days notice at least specifying the place, the day
and the hour of any general meeting, and in case of special business the general nature of such business (and in the case of an annual
general meeting specifying the meeting as such), shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned to such persons as are under these
Articles or the conditions of issue of the Shares held by them entitled to receive notices from the Company. If the Directors determine
that prompt Shareholder action is advisable, they may shorten the notice period for any general meeting to such period as the Directors
consider reasonable.

85. A general meeting shall, notwithstanding that it is called by shorter
notice than that specified in the preceding Article, be deemed to have been duly called with regard to the length of notice if it is so
agreed:

(a) in the case of a meeting called as the annual general meeting by all the Shareholders entitled to attend
and vote thereat; and

(b) in the case of any other meeting by a majority in number of the Shareholders having a right to attend
and vote at the meeting, being a majority together holding not less than ninety-five (95) per cent in nominal value of the Shares giving
that right.

86. In every notice calling a general meeting, there shall appear with reasonable
prominence a statement that a Shareholder entitled to attend and vote either (i) is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend
such meeting and vote instead of such Shareholder and that a proxy need not also be a Shareholder or (ii) has appointed a proxy who, unless
such appointment is revoked, will attend such meeting and vote on behalf of such Shareholder.

87. The accidental omission to give notice to, or the non-receipt of notice
by, any person entitled to receive notice shall not invalidate the proceedings at any general meeting.

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

88. All business shall be deemed special that is transacted at an extraordinary
general meeting, and also all business that is transacted at an annual general meeting with the exception of declaring or approving the
payment of dividends, the consideration of the accounts and balance sheet and the reports of the Directors and Auditors, the election
of Directors in the place of those retiring, the appointment of additional Directors, the fixing of the remuneration of the Directors
and the fixing of the remuneration of the Auditors.

19

89. No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum
is present. Save as otherwise provided in these Articles a quorum shall be the presence, in person or by proxy, of one or more persons
holding at least a majority in par value of the issued Shares which confer the right to attend and vote thereat.

90. Save as otherwise provided for in these Articles, if within half an
hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting, if convened on the requisition of or by Shareholders,
shall be dissolved. In any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week, at the same time and place or to such
other day and at such other time and place as the Directors may determine and if at such adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within
fifteen (15) minutes from the time appointed for holding the meeting, the Shareholders present shall be a quorum.

91. A person may, with the consent of the Directors, participate at a general
meeting by means of telephone, video or similar communication equipment by way of which all persons participating in such meeting can
hear each other and such participation shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at such meeting.

92. The Chairperson (if any) or, if absent, the Deputy Chairperson (if any)
of the Board of Directors, or, failing them, some other Director nominated by the Directors shall preside as Chairperson at every general
meeting, but if at any meeting neither the Chairperson nor the Deputy Chairperson nor such other Director be present within fifteen (15)
minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, or if neither of them be willing to act as Chairperson, the Directors present
shall choose some Director present to be Chairperson or if no Directors be present, or if all the Directors present decline to take the
chair, the Shareholders present shall choose some Shareholder present to be Chairperson.

93. The Chairperson may with the consent of any meeting at which a quorum
is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place but no business shall
be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment
took place. The Chairperson may adjourn any meeting without the consent of such meeting if, in his sole opinion, he considers it necessary
to do so to: secure the orderly conduct or proceedings of the meeting; or give all persons present in person or by proxy and having the
right to speak and/or vote at such meeting, the ability to do so, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than
the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. When a meeting is adjourned for thirty (30) days or
more, five (5) calendar days notice at the least specifying the place, the day and the hour of the adjourned meeting, shall be given
as in the case of the original meeting but it shall not be necessary to specify in such notice the nature of the business to be transacted
at the adjourned meeting. Save as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted
at an adjourned meeting.

94. The Directors may cancel or postpone any duly convened general meeting
at any time prior to such meeting, except for general meetings requisitioned by the Shareholders in accordance with these Articles, for
any reason or for no reason at any time prior to the time for holding such meeting or, if the meeting is adjourned, the time for holding
such adjourned meeting. The Directors shall give the Shareholders notice in writing of any cancellation or postponement. A postponement
may be for a stated period of any length or indefinitely as the Directors may determine.

20

95. At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting
shall be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is, before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands, demanded by the
Chairperson or any other Shareholder present in person or by proxy.

96. Unless a poll be so demanded, a declaration by the Chairperson that
a resolution has on a show of hands been carried, or carried unanimously, or by a particular majority, or lost, and an entry to that effect
made in the Companys minute book containing the minutes of the proceedings of the meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the
fact without proof of the number or the proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against such resolution.

97. If a poll is duly demanded it shall be taken in such manner and at such
place as the Chairperson may direct (including the use of a ballot or voting papers, or tickets) and the result of a poll shall be deemed
to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded. The Chairperson may, in the event of a poll, appoint scrutineers and
may adjourn the meeting to some place and time fixed by the Chairperson for the purpose of declaring the result of the poll.

98. In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on
a poll, the Chairperson of the meeting at which the show of hands or at which the poll is taken, shall not be entitled to a second or
casting vote.

99. A poll demanded on the election of a Chairperson and a poll demanded
on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such time and place as
the Chairperson directs not being more than ten days from the date of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the poll was demanded.

100. The demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of a meeting
for the transaction of any business other than the question on which the poll has been demanded.

101. A demand for a poll may be withdrawn and no notice need be given of
a poll not taken immediately.

VOTES OF SHAREHOLDERS

102. Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares,
on a show of hands every holder of Shares present and entitled to vote thereon shall have one vote and
on a poll every holder of Shares, present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, shall be entitled to one vote in respect
of each Share held by them.

103. In the case of joint holders of a Share, the vote of the senior holder
who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and for
this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register of Members in respect of the Shares.

21

104. A Shareholder who has appointed special or general attorneys or a Shareholder
who is subject to a disability may vote on a poll, by such Shareholders attorney, committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person
in the nature of a committee, receiver, or curator bonis appointed by a court and such attorney, committee, receiver, curator bonis or
other person may on a poll vote by proxy; provided that such evidence as the Directors may require of the authority of the person claiming
to vote shall, unless otherwise waived by the Directors, have been deposited at the Registered Office not less than forty-eight (48) hours
before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which such person claims to vote.

105. No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any voter except
at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered, and every vote not disallowed at such meeting
shall be valid for all purposes. Any such objection made in due time shall be referred to the Chairperson of the meeting, whose decision
shall be final and conclusive.

106. On a poll votes may be given either personally or by proxy and a Shareholder
entitled to more than one vote need not, if the Shareholder votes, use all their votes or cast all the votes the Shareholder uses in the
same way.

107. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand
of the appointor or of the appointors attorney duly authorised in writing, or if the appointor is a corporation, either under its common
seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney so authorised.

108. Any person (whether a Shareholder or not) may be appointed to act as
a proxy. A Shareholder may appoint more than one proxy to attend on the same occasion. 

109. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or other
authority (if any) under which it is signed, or a certified copy of such power or authority, must be deposited at the Registered Office,
or at such other place as is specified for that purpose in the notice of meeting or in the instrument of proxy issued by the Company,
no later than the time appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting; provided that the Chairperson of the meeting may in the
Chairpersons discretion accept an instrument of proxy sent by fax, email or other electronic means.

110. An instrument of proxy shall: 

(a) be in any common form or in such other form as the Directors may approve;

(b) be deemed to confer authority to demand or join in demanding a poll and to vote on any amendment of a
resolution put to the general meeting for which it is given as the proxy thinks fit; and

(c) subject to its terms, be valid for any adjournment of the general meeting for which it is given.

22

111. The Directors may at the expense of the Company send to the Shareholders
instruments of proxy (with or without prepaid postage for their return) for use at any general meeting, either in blank or nominating
in the alternative any one or more of the Directors or any other persons. If for the purpose of any meeting invitations to appoint as
proxy a person or one of a number of persons specified in the invitations are issued at the expense of the Company, such invitations shall
be issued to all (and not to some only) of the Shareholders entitled to be sent a notice of the meeting and to vote thereat by proxy.

112. A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy
shall be valid notwithstanding the death or insanity of the principal or the revocation of the instrument of proxy, or of the authority
under which the instrument of proxy was executed; provided that no intimation in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer
shall have been received by the Company at the Registered Office before commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the
instrument of proxy is used.

113. Anything which under these Articles a Shareholder may do by proxy that
Shareholder may also do by a duly appointed attorney. The provisions of these Articles relating to proxies and instruments appointing
proxies apply, mutatis mutandis, to any such attorney and the instrument appointing that attorney.

114. Any Shareholder which is a corporation or partnership may, by a resolution
of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting or meetings
of the Company. The person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of such corporation or partnership as
the corporation or partnership could exercise if it were a Shareholder who was an individual and such corporation or partnership shall
for the purposes of these Articles be deemed to be present in person at any such meeting if a person so authorised is present.

CLEARING HOUSES

115. If a clearing house (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Shareholder
it may, by resolution of its directors or other governing body or by power of attorney, authorise such person or persons as it thinks
fit to act as its representative or representatives at any general meeting or at any meeting of any class of Shareholders provided that,
if more than one person is so authorised, the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such
person is so authorised. A person so authorised pursuant to this Article shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the
clearing house (or its nominee) which that person represents as that clearing house (or its nominee) could exercise if it were an individual
Shareholder holding the number and Class of Shares specified in such authorisation.

WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS

116. A resolution in writing signed by all the Shareholders for the time
being entitled to receive notice of, attend and vote at a general meeting shall be as valid and effective as a resolution passed at a
general meeting duly convened and held and may consist of several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of the Shareholders.

23

DIRECTORS

117. There shall be a Board of Directors consisting of not less than one
person (exclusive of alternate Directors), provided, however, that the Company may from time to time by Ordinary Resolution increase or
reduce the limits in the number of Directors.

118. A Director need not be a Shareholder but shall be entitled to receive
notice of and attend all general meetings.

119. Prior to the consummation of an initial Business
Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares (only) appoint any person to be a Director
or remove any Director for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt:

(a) prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, holders
of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director; provided, however, that if all of the
Class B Shares are converted prior to the date of the initial Business Combination, the holders of Class A Shares will have
the right to vote on the election of Directors; and 

(b) following the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the
Company may by Ordinary Resolution (of all Shareholders entitled to vote) appoint or remove any Director in accordance with these Articles.

120. For so long as any of the Shares are traded on a Designated Stock Exchange,
the Directors shall be divided into three (3) classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be
assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual general meeting
after the IPO, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three
(3) years. At the second annual general meeting after the IPO, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II
Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the third annual general meeting after the IPO, the term of office of
the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At each succeeding annual
general meeting, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire
at such annual general meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall hold office until the expiration
of his or her term, until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation
or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
The term limits in this Article shall not apply to any Directors appointed prior to the first annual general meeting.

121. The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill
a vacancy or as an additional Director; provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed
by or in accordance with these Articles as the maximum number of Directors. Any Director appointed in accordance with the preceding sentence
shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of Directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy
occurred and until such Directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, death
or removal. When the number of Directors is increased or decreased, the Board of Directors shall, subject to Article 120, determine the
class or classes to which the increased or decreased number of Directors shall be apportioned; provided, however, that no decrease in
the number of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.

24

122. Each Director shall be entitled to such remuneration as approved by
the Board of Directors and this may be in addition to such remuneration as may be payable under any provision of these Articles. Such
remuneration shall be deemed to accrue from day to day. The Directors and the Secretary may also be paid all travelling, hotel and other
expenses properly incurred by them in attending and returning from meetings of the Directors or any committee of the Directors or general
meetings or in connection with the business of the Company. The Directors may in addition to such remuneration as aforesaid grant special
remuneration to any Director who, being called upon, shall perform any special or extra services to or at the request of the Company.

123. Articles 119 and 127(g), and this Article 123, may only be amended by
a Special Resolution passed by a majority of not less than ninety per cent (90%) of the votes cast at a general meeting.

124. Each Director shall have the power to nominate another Director or any
other person to act as alternate Director in the Directors place at any meeting of the Directors at which the Director is unable to be
present and at the Directors discretion to remove such alternate Director. On such appointment being made the alternate Director shall
(except as regards the power to appoint an alternate Director) be subject in all respects to the terms and conditions existing with reference
to the other Directors and each alternate Director, whilst acting in the place of an absent Director, shall exercise and discharge all
the functions, powers and duties of the Director being represented. Any Director who is appointed as alternate Director shall be entitled
at a meeting of the Directors to cast a vote on behalf of their appointor in addition to the vote to which such Director is entitled in
their own capacity as a Director, and shall also be considered as two Directors for the purpose of making a quorum of Directors. Any person
appointed as an alternate Director shall automatically vacate such office as an alternate Director if and when the Director by whom the
alternate Director has been appointed vacates their office of Director. The remuneration of an alternate Director shall be payable out
of the remuneration of the Director appointing such alternate Director and shall be agreed between them.

125. Every instrument appointing an alternate Director shall be in such common
form as the Directors may approve.

126. The appointment and removal of an alternate Director shall take effect
when lodged at the Registered Office or delivered at a meeting of the Directors.

127. The office of a Director shall be vacated in any of the following events
namely:

(a) if the Director resigns their office by notice in writing signed by that Director and left at the Registered
Office;

25

(b) if the Director is absent (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy or an alternate
Director appointed by that Director) from three consecutive meetings of the Board of Directors without special leave of absence from the
Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that the relevant Director has by reason of such absence vacated office;

(c) if the Director becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with such Directors creditors
generally;

(d) if the Director dies or is found to be or becomes of unsound mind;

(e) if the Director ceases to be a Director by virtue of, or becomes prohibited from being a Director by reason
of, an order made under any provisions of any law or enactment;

(f) if the Director is requested by all of the other Directors to vacate office;

(g) prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, if the Director is removed from office by
Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares (only); or

(h) following the consummation of an initial Business Combination, if the Director is removed from office
by Ordinary Resolution (of all Shareholders entitled to vote).

TRANSACTIONS WITH DIRECTORS

128. A Director or alternate Director may hold any other office or place
of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with their office of Director on such terms as to tenure
of office and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

129. No Director or intending Director shall be disqualified by their office
from contracting with the Company either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or arrangement
entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director is in any way interested be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director
so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by any such contract or arrangement
by reason of such Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established, but the nature of the Directors
interest must be declared by such Director at the meeting of the Directors at which the question of entering into the contract or arrangement
is first taken into consideration, or if the Director was not at the date of that meeting interested in the proposed contract or arrangement,
then at the next meeting of the Directors held after such Director becomes so interested, and in a case where the Director becomes interested
in a contract or arrangement after it is made, then at the first meeting of the Directors held after such Director becomes so interested.

130. In the absence of some other material interest than is indicated below,
provided a Director who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or proposed contract with the Company
declares (whether by specific or general notice) the nature of their interest at a meeting of the Directors that Director may vote in
respect of any contract or proposed contract or arrangement notwithstanding that the Director may be interested therein and if such Director
does so their vote shall be counted and such Director may be counted in the quorum at any meeting of the Directors at which any such contract
or proposed contract or arrangement shall come before the meeting for consideration.

26

131. Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment (including
fixing or varying the terms of appointment) of two or more Directors to offices or employments with the Company or any company in which
the Company is interested, such proposals may be divided and considered in relation to each Director separately and in such cases each
of the Directors concerned shall be entitled to vote (and be counted in the quorum) in respect of each resolution except that concerning
the Directors own appointment.

132. Any Director may act independently or through the Directors firm in
a professional capacity for the Company, and the Director or the firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if
the Director were not a Director, provided that nothing herein contained shall authorise a Director or the Directors firm to act as Auditor
to the Company.

133. Any Director may continue to be or become a director, managing director,
manager or other officer or shareholder of any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested, and no such
Director shall be accountable for any remuneration or other benefits received by the Director as a director, managing director, manager
or other officer or shareholder of any such other company. The Directors may exercise the voting power conferred by the shares in any
other company held or owned by the Company or exercisable by them as directors of such other company, in such manner in all respects as
they think fit (including the exercise thereof in favour of any resolution appointing themselves or any of them directors, managing directors
or other officers of such company, or voting or providing for the payment of remuneration to the directors, managing directors or other
officers of such company).

POWERS OF DIRECTORS

134. The business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors, who may
exercise all such powers of the Company as are not by the Companies Act or by these Articles required to be exercised by the Company in
general meeting, subject nevertheless to any regulations of these Articles, to the Companies Act, and to such regulations being not inconsistent
with the aforesaid regulations or provisions as may be prescribed by the Company in general meeting, but no regulations made by the Company
in general meeting shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if such regulations had not been made.
The general powers given by this Article shall not be limited or restricted by any special authority or power given to the Directors by
any other Article.

135. The Directors may from time to time and at any time by power of attorney
appoint any company, firm or person or any fluctuating body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to
be the attorney or attorneys of the Company for such purposes and with such powers authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested
in or exercisable by the Directors under these Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and
any such appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys as the
Directors may think fit, and may also authorise any such attorney to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions
vested in such attorney. The Directors may also appoint any person to be the agent of the Company for such purposes and with such powers,
authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under these Articles) and for such period and
on such conditions as they determine, including authority for the agent to delegate all or any of their powers.

27

136. The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension
or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to the Directors
widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension
or allowance.

137. The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money
and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue
debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation
of the Company or of any third party.

138. The Directors shall have the authority to present a winding up petition
on behalf of the Company without the sanction of a resolution passed by the Company in general meeting.

139. All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable
or transferable instruments drawn by the Company, and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed
or otherwise executed, as the case may be, in such manner as the Directors shall from time to time by resolution determine.

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS

140. The Directors may meet together for the dispatch of business, adjourn
and otherwise regulate their meetings, as they think fit. Questions and matters arising at any meeting shall be determined by a majority
of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the Chairperson shall have a second or casting vote. A Director may, and the Secretary
on the requisition of a Director shall, at any time summon a meeting of the Directors.

141. A Director or Directors may participate in any meeting of the Board,
or of any committee appointed by the Board of Directors of which such Director or Directors are members, by means of telephone, video
or similar communication equipment by way of which all persons participating in such meeting can hear each other and such participation
shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting.

142. The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors
may be fixed by the Directors and, unless so fixed, shall be a majority of the Directors then in office.

143. The continuing Directors or a sole continuing Director may act notwithstanding
any vacancies in their number, but if and so long as the number of Directors is reduced below the minimum number fixed by or in accordance
with these Articles the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of filling up vacancies in their number, or of summoning
general meetings, but not for any other purpose. If there be no Directors or Director able or willing to act, then any two Shareholders
may summon a general meeting for the purpose of appointing Directors.

28

144. The Directors may from time to time elect and remove a Chairperson and,
if they think fit, a Deputy Chairperson and determine the period for which they respectively are to hold office. The Chairperson or, failing
them, the Deputy Chairperson shall preside at all meetings of the Directors, but if there be no Chairperson or Deputy Chairperson, or
if at any meeting the Chairperson or Deputy Chairperson be not present within five (5) minutes after the time appointed for holding the
same, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be Chairperson of the meeting.

145. A meeting of the Directors for the time being at which a quorum is present
shall be competent to exercise all powers and discretions for the time being exercisable by the Directors.

146. Without prejudice to the powers conferred by these Articles, the Directors
may delegate any of their powers to committees consisting of such member or members of their body as they think fit. Any committee so
formed shall, in the exercise of the powers so delegated, conform to any regulations that may be imposed on them by the Directors. The
Directors may, by power of attorney or otherwise, appoint any person to be an agent of the Company on such condition as the Directors
may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers.

147. The meetings and proceedings of any such committee consisting of two
or more Directors shall be governed by the provisions of these Articles regulating the meetings and proceedings of the Directors so far
as the same are applicable and are not superseded by any regulations made by the Directors under the preceding Article.

148. The Directors may appoint such officers as they consider necessary on
such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the
Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of the officers appointment an officer may be removed by resolution
of the Directors or Shareholders.

149. All acts done by any meeting of Directors, or of a committee of Directors
or by any person acting as a Director, shall, notwithstanding it be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment
of any such Director or person acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified, or had vacated office, or were not
entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed, and was qualified and had continued to be a Director and
had been entitled to vote. 

150. The Directors shall cause minutes to be made of:

(a) all appointments of officers made by the Directors;

29

(b) the names of the Directors present at each meeting of the Directors and of any committee of Directors;
and

(c) all resolutions and proceedings of all meetings of the Company and of the Directors and of any committee
of Directors.

Any
such minutes, if purporting to be signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which the proceedings took place, or by the Chairperson
of the next succeeding meeting, shall, until the contrary be proved, be conclusive evidence of their proceedings.

151. A Director but not an alternate Director may be represented at any meetings
of the Board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by the Director. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the
proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS OF DIRECTORS

152. A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors for the time being
entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Directors (an alternate Director being entitled to sign such a resolution on behalf of
their appointor) shall be as valid and effective as a resolution passed at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held and may consist
of several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of the Directors (or their alternates).

PRESUMPTION OF ASSENT

153. A Director or alternate Director who is present at a meeting of the
Board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless the Directors
dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless the Director shall file his or her written dissent from such action with
the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered mail to such
person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such
action.

BORROWING POWERS

154. The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money
and hypothecate, mortgage, charge or pledge its undertaking, property, and assets or any part thereof, and to issue debentures, debenture
stock or other securities, whether outright or as collateral security for any debt liability or obligation of the Company or of any third
party.

SECRETARY

155. The Directors may appoint any person to be a Secretary who shall hold
office for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions and with such powers as they think fit. Any Secretary so appointed
by the Directors may be removed by the Directors or by the Company by Ordinary Resolution. Anything required or authorised to be done
by or to the Secretary may, if the office is vacant or there is for any other reason no Secretary capable of acting, be done by or to
any assistant or deputy Secretary or if there is no assistant or deputy Secretary capable of acting, by or to any officer of the Company
authorised generally or specially in that behalf by the Directors, provided that any provisions of these Articles requiring or authorising
a thing to be done by or to a Director and the Secretary shall not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same person acting both
as Director and as, or in the place of, the Secretary.

30

156. No person shall be appointed or hold office as Secretary who is:

(a) the sole Director; or

(b) a corporation the sole director of which is the sole Director; or

(c) the sole director of a corporation which is the sole Director.

THE SEAL

157. The Directors shall provide for the safe custody of the Seal and the
Seal shall never be used except by the authority of a resolution of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the
Directors in that behalf. The Directors may keep for use outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal. The Directors may from time to time
as they see fit (subject to the provisions of these Articles relating to share certificates) determine the persons and the number of such
persons in whose presence the Seal or the facsimile thereof shall be used, and until otherwise so determined the Seal or the duplicate
thereof shall be affixed in the presence of any one Director or the Secretary, or of some other person duly authorised by the Directors.

Dividends,
Distributions and Reserves

158. Subject to the Companies Act, these Articles, and the special rights
attaching to Shares of any class, the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, declare dividends and distributions on Shares in issue
and authorise payment of the dividends or distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. No dividend or distribution
shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, or out of the Share Premium Account, or as otherwise permitted
by the Companies Act. 

159. Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to Shares, or as
otherwise determined by the Directors, all dividends and distributions in respect of Shares shall be declared and paid according to the
par value of the Shares that a Shareholder holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend or distribution
as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for dividend or distribution accordingly. 

160. The Directors may deduct and withhold from any dividend or distribution
otherwise payable to any Shareholder all sums of money (if any) then payable by the Shareholder to the Company on account of calls or
otherwise or any monies which the Company is obliged by law to pay to any taxing or other authority.

31

161. The Directors may declare that any dividend or distribution be paid
wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular of shares, debentures or securities of any other company or
in any one or more of such ways and, where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as
they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part
thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Shareholder upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust
the rights of all Shareholders and may vest any such specific assets in trustees as may seem expedient to the Directors.

162. Any dividend, distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash
in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered
address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of
Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall
(unless the Directors in their sole discretion otherwise determine) be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any
one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any dividends, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share
held by them as joint holders.

163. Any dividend or distribution which cannot be paid to a Shareholder and/or
which remains unclaimed after six (6) months from the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution may, in the discretion of the
Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect
of that account and the dividend or distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Shareholder. Any dividend or distribution which remains
unclaimed after a period of six years from the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution shall be forfeited and shall revert
to the Company.

164. No dividend or distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT

165. The Directors shall establish an account on the books and records of
the Company to be called the Share Premium Account and shall carry to the credit of such account from time to time a sum equal to the
amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any Share.

ACCOUNTS

166. The Directors shall cause proper books of account to be kept with respect
to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place,
all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Proper books shall not be deemed to be
kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Companys affairs and
to explain its transactions.

167. The books of account shall be kept at the Registered Office or at such
other place as the Directors think fit, and shall always be open to inspection by the Directors.

32

168. The Board of Directors shall from time to time determine whether and
to what extent and at what time and places and under what conditions or articles the accounts and books of the Company or any of them
shall be open to the inspection of Shareholders not being Directors, and no Shareholder (not being a Director) shall have any right of
inspection of any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred by law or authorised by the Board of Directors or by
resolution of the Shareholders.

AUDIT

169. The accounts relating to the Companys affairs shall be audited in such
manner as may be determined from time to time by resolution of the Shareholders or failing any such determination, by the Board of Directors,
or failing any determination as aforesaid, shall not be audited.

170. Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other
committee, if any of the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required
by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Directors shall establish and maintain an audit committee (the Audit Committee)
as a committee of the Board of Directors and shall adopt a formal written audit committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of
the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules
and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or
more frequently as circumstances dictate.

171. If any of the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or
quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing
basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

172. The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee,
if one exists, and otherwise by the Board of Directors.

173. Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall
require the review and approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

174. The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO
and, if any non-compliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to
rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

NOTICES

175. Any notice or document may be served by the Company on any Shareholder:

(a) personally;

33

(b) by registered post or courier to that Shareholders address as appearing in the Register of Members; or

(c) by cable, telex, facsimile, e-mail or any other electronic means should the Directors deem it appropriate.

176. In the case of joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given
to that one of the joint holders whose name stands first in the Register of Members in respect of the joint holding, and notice so given
shall be sufficient notice to all the joint holders.

177. Any Shareholder present, either personally or by proxy, at any meeting
of the Company shall for all purposes be deemed to have received due notice of such meeting and, where requisite, of the purposes for
which such meeting was convened.

178. Any summons, notice, order or other document required to be sent to
or served upon the Company, or upon any officer of the Company may be sent or served by leaving the same or sending it through the post
in a prepaid letter envelope or wrapper, addressed to the Company or to such officer at the Registered Office. 

179. Where a notice or other document is sent by registered post, service
of that notice or other document shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre-paying and posting an envelope containing
it, and that notice or other document shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public
holidays) following the day on which it was posted. Where a notice or other document is sent by courier, service of that notice or other
document shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice or other document to a courier company, and that notice or other document
shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following
the day on which it was delivered to the courier company. Where a notice or other document is sent by cable, telex or facsimile, service
of that notice or other document shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending it, and that notice or other document
shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted. Where a notice or other document is sent by email, service
of that notice or other document shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the email to the email address provided by the intended
recipient and that notice or other document shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be
necessary for the receipt of the email to be acknowledged by the recipient.

180. Any notice or document delivered or sent by post to or left at the registered
address of any Shareholder in pursuance of these Articles shall notwithstanding that such Shareholder be then dead, insane, bankrupt or
dissolved, and whether or not the Company has notice of such death, insanity, bankruptcy or dissolution, be deemed to have been duly served
in respect of any Share registered in the name of such Shareholder as sole or joint holder, unless the Shareholders name shall at the
time of the service of the notice or document, have been removed from the Register of Members as the holder of the Share, and such service
shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient service of such notice or document on all persons interested (whether jointly with or as
claiming through or under such Shareholder) in the Share.

34

WINDING UP AND FINAL DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS

181. If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator shall apply the assets
of the Company in satisfaction of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit.

182. If the Company shall be wound up, and the assets available for distribution
amongst the Shareholders shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly
as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Shareholders in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them. If in a winding up
the assets available for distribution amongst the Shareholders shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the share capital at
the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Shareholders in proportion to the par value of the Shares
held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due of
all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. This Article is without prejudice to the rights of the holders of Shares
issued upon special terms and conditions.

183. If the Company shall be wound up (whether the liquidation is voluntary,
under supervision or by the Court) the liquidator may, with the authority of a Special Resolution, divide among the Shareholders in specie
the whole or any part of the assets of the Company, and whether or not the assets shall consist of property of a single kind, and may
for such purposes set such value as the liquidator deems fair upon any one or more class or classes of property, and may determine how
such division shall be carried out as between the Shareholders. The liquidator may, with the like authority, vest any part of the assets
in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of Shareholders as the liquidator, with the like authority, shall think fit, and the liquidation
of the Company may be closed and the Company dissolved, but so that no Shareholder shall be compelled to accept any Shares in respect
of which there is liability.

INDEMNITY

184. Every Director or officer of the Company shall be indemnified out of
the assets of the Company against any liability incurred by that Director or officer as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying
out their functions other than such liability (if any) that the Director or officer may incur by their own actual fraud, wilful default
or wilful neglect. No such Director or officer shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage in carrying out their functions unless
that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect of such Director or officer. References in this Article
to actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect mean a finding to such effect by a competent court in relation to the conduct of the
relevant party.

185. The Directors shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance
for the benefit of any person who is or was a Director or officer of the Company indemnifying them against any liability which may lawfully
be insured against by the Company.

35

DISCLOSURE

186. Any Director, officer or authorised agent of the Company shall, if lawfully
required to do so under the laws of any jurisdiction to which the Company is subject or in compliance with the rules of any stock exchange
upon which the Companys shares are listed or in accordance with any contract entered into by the Company, be entitled to release
or disclose any information in their possession regarding the affairs of the Company including, without limitation, any information contained
in the Register of Members.

BUSINESS COMBINATION

187. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles, Articles 187
to 199 (the Business Combination Provisions) shall apply during the period commencing upon the
adoption of these Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of any Business Combination and the distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to these Articles. In the event of a conflict between the Business Combination Provisions and any other
provision of these Articles, the Business Combination Provisions shall prevail.

188. Prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, the Company shall
either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to the Shareholders for approval; or

(b) provide Shareholders with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer
for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of
two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay tax obligations, if any, which interest shall be net of taxes payable, divided by the number of Public
Shares then in issue.

189. If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4
and Regulation 14E of the US Exchange Act in connection with a Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the SEC
prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business
Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the US Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds
a Shareholder vote to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the US Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC.

190. Any proposed Business Combination shall be subject to approval by a
majority of the Board of Directors and a majority of the Independent Directors, prior to its submission to the Shareholders for approval.
The Board of Directors and the Independent Directors must thoroughly review and evaluate the terms of the proposed Business Combination
to ensure it is in the best interest of the Company and its Shareholders.

191. At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business
Combination pursuant to these Articles, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall
be authorised to consummate the Business Combination.

36

192. Any Shareholder holding Public Shares who is not a Founder, Director
or officer of the Company may, contemporaneously with any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for
cash (IPO Redemption), provided that no such Shareholder acting together with any affiliate or
any other person with whom such Shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the US
Exchange Act) may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) per cent of the Public Shares
without the prior consent of the Company, and provided further that any Shareholder that holds Public Shares beneficially through a nominee
must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. In connection
with any vote held to approve a proposed Business Combination, holders of Public Shares seeking to exercise their redemption rights will
be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to the Companys transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent
electronically using The Depository Trust Companys DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders option, in each
case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve a Business Combination. If so demanded,
the Company shall pay any such redeeming Shareholder, regardless of whether he or she is voting for or against such proposed Business
Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account and not
previously released to the Company to pay tax obligations, if any, which interest shall be net of taxes payable, divided by the number
of Public Shares then in issue (such redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price).

193. The Redemption Price shall be paid promptly following the consummation
of the relevant Business Combination. If the proposed Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason then such redemptions
shall be cancelled and share certificates (if any) returned to the relevant Shareholders as appropriate.

194. In the event that:

(a) either (i) the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the
closing of the IPO, or such earlier time as the Board of Directors may approve, or such later time as the Shareholders may approve in
accordance with these Articles or (ii) a resolution of the Shareholders is passed pursuant to the Companies Act to commence the voluntary
liquidation of the Company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination for any reason, the Company shall: (A) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (B) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem
100% of the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses) and not previously released to the Company to pay the Companys taxes, if any, divided by the number of Public Shares then in
issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Shareholders rights as Shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to Applicable Law; and (C) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of the Companys remaining Shareholders and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the requirements of other Applicable Law; and

37

(b) any amendment to these Articles is made (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemptions in connection with an initial Business Combination or the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares
if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the closing of the IPO, or (ii) with
respect to any other provision of these Articles relating to the rights of holders of Class A Shares or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, each holder of Public Shares who is not a Founder, Director or officer of the Company shall be provided with the opportunity
to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of Public Shares then in issue. Any amounts due in connection with a redemption under this Article 194(b) shall be paid
promptly following the relevant amendment. If the proposed amendment is not approved or completed for any reason then such redemptions
shall be cancelled and share certificates (if any) returned to the relevant Shareholders as appropriate.

195. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay tax obligations, if any,
or for working capital purposes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account shall be released from the Trust Account until the earlier
of an IPO Redemption pursuant to Article 192, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to Article 188(b), a distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to Article 194(a) or an amendment under Article 194(b). In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public
Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

196. After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a
Business Combination, the Directors shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote on (i) any Business Combination or any other proposal presented to the Shareholders prior to or in
connection with the completion of a Business Combination, or (ii) a proposed amendment to these Articles to extend the time the Company
has to consummate a Business Combination beyond 18 months from the date of the closing of the IPO or otherwise amend any of the Business
Combination Provisions.

197. As long as the Companys Shares or other securities are listed on the
Designated Exchange, the Companys initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets having an aggregate
fair market value equal to at least 80 per cent (80%) of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting fees
and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Companys signing a definitive agreement in connection
with a Business Combination. An initial Business Combination must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar
company with nominal operations.

38

198. A Director may vote in respect of any Business Combination in which
the Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination, provided that the Director must disclose
such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

199. The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business
that is affiliated with the Sponsor or the Directors or officers of the Company if such transaction is approved by a majority of the Independent
Directors and the Directors that did not have an interest in such transaction. In the event the Company enters into a Business Combination
with an entity that is affiliated with the Sponsor or the Directors or officers of the Company, the Company, or a committee of Independent
Directors, will obtain an opinion that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view from either an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or an independent accounting firm.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

200. In recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) directors, managers,
officers, members, partners, managing members, employees and/or agents of one or more members of the Investor Group (each of the foregoing,
an Investor Group Related Person) may serve as Directors and/or officers of the Company; and
(b) the Investor Group engages, and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in
which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which
the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions of these Articles under this heading Business Opportunities
are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Company as they may involve the Shareholders and the Investor
Group Related Persons, and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Company and its Directors, officers and Shareholders in connection
therewith.

201. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Investor Group
and the Investor Group Related Persons shall have no duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging
directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company.

202. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces
any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for either the Investor Group or the Investor Group Related Persons, on the one hand, and the Company,
on the other. 

203. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Investor Group
and the Investor Group Related Persons shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall
not be liable to the Company or the Shareholders for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Shareholder, Director and/or officer of the Company
solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such
corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

39

204. Except as provided elsewhere in these Articles, the Company renounces
any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and the Investor Group, about which a Director and/or officer of the Company
who is also an Investor Group Related Person acquires knowledge.

205. To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related
to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in these Articles to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Shareholders, the Company
and (if applicable) each Shareholder hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of
action that the Company or such Shareholder may have for such activities described in these Articles. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the provisions of these Articles apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in
the past. 

CLOSING REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING RECORD
DATE

206. For the purpose of determining Shareholders entitled to notice of, or
to vote at any meeting of Shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or Shareholders entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other
distribution, or in order to make a determination of Shareholders for any other purpose, the Directors may, by any means in accordance
with the requirements of any Designated Stock Exchange, provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated
period which shall not in any case exceed forty days. 

207. In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors
may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at
any meeting of the Shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Shareholders entitled to receive payment
of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Shareholders for any other purpose.

208. If no record date is fixed for the determination of Shareholders entitled
to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Shareholders or Shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the date on which notice
of the meeting is mailed or the date on which the resolution of the Directors declaring such dividend is adopted, as the case may be,
shall be the record date for such determination of Shareholders. When a determination of Shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting
has been made in the manner provided in the preceding Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof.

REGISTRATION BY WAY OF CONTINUATION

209. The Company may by Special Resolution resolve to be registered by way
of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands or such other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated,
registered or existing. The Directors may cause an application to be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in the
Cayman Islands or such other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing and may cause all such
further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way of continuation of the Company.

40

FINANCIAL YEAR

210. The Directors shall determine the financial year of the Company and
may change the same from time to time. Unless they determine otherwise, the financial year shall end on 31 December in each year.

AMENDMENTS TO MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

211. Subject to these Articles, the Company may from time to time alter or
add to these Articles or alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein by passing
a Special Resolution.

CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION

212. The Company is a data controller for the purposes of the
Data Protection Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA). By virtue of subscribing for
and holding Shares in the Company, Shareholders provide the Company with certain information (Personal Data)
that constitutes personal data under the DPA. Personal Data includes, without limitation, the following information relating
to a Shareholder and/or any natural person(s) connected with a Shareholder (such as a Shareholders individual directors, members and/or
beneficial owner(s)): name, residential address, email address, corporate contact information, other contact information, date of birth,
place of birth, passport or other national identifier details, national insurance or social security number, tax identification, bank
account details and information regarding assets, income, employment and source of funds.

213. The Company processes such Personal Data for the purposes of:

(a) performing contractual rights and obligations (including under the Memorandum and these Articles);

(b) complying with legal or regulatory obligations (including those relating to anti-money laundering and
counter-terrorist financing, preventing and detecting fraud, sanctions, automatic exchange of tax information, requests from governmental,
regulatory, tax and law enforcement authorities, beneficial ownership and the maintenance of statutory registers); and

(c) the legitimate interests pursued by the Company or third parties to whom Personal Data may be transferred,
including to manage and administer the Company, to send updates, information and notices to Shareholders or otherwise correspond with
Shareholders regarding the Company, to seek professional advice (including legal advice), to meet accounting, tax reporting and audit
obligations, to manage risk and operations and to maintain internal records.

214. The Company transfers Personal Data to certain third parties who process
the Personal Data on the Companys behalf, including third party service providers that it appoints or engages to assist with its management,
operation, administration and legal, governance and regulatory compliance. In certain circumstances, the Company may be required by law
or regulation to transfer Personal Data and other information with respect to one or more Shareholders to a governmental, regulatory,
tax or law enforcement authority. That authority may, in turn, exchange this information with another governmental, regulatory, tax or
law enforcement authority established in or outside the Cayman Islands. 

41
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex4-1_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ODYSSEY TRANSFER AND TRUST COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

WARRANT
AGREEMENT

PLUM
ACQUISITION CORP. IV

and

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

Dated
January 14, 2025

THIS
WARRANT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated January 14, 2025, is by and between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation,
as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent).

WHEREAS,
the Company is engaged in an initial public offering (the Offering) of units of the Companys equity securities,
each such unit comprised of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one Public Warrant (as defined below) (the Public Units)
and, in connection therewith, has determined to issue and deliver up to 8,625,000 redeemable warrants (including up to 562,500 redeemable
warrants subject to the Over-allotment Option (as defined below)) to public investors in the Offering (the Public Warrants).
Each whole Warrant (as defined below) entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share of the Company, par value $0.0001
per share (Class A Ordinary Shares), for $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. Only whole
Warrants are exercisable. A holder of the Warrants will not be able to exercise any fraction of a Warrant;

WHEREAS,
it is proposed that the Company enter into (i) that certain Unit and Restricted Share Subscription Agreement, with Plum Partners
IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which Sponsor
will purchase 440,000 units (including if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Units)
and 570,000 restricted Class A Ordinary Shares (the Restricted Private Placement Shares, the Restricted Private
Placement Shares together with the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Securities) at a purchase price
of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit or a combined price of $10.00 per Private Placement Security, and, in connection therewith, issue
up to 220,000 warrants to the Sponsor (including if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) underlying the Private Placement
Units (the Private Placement Warrants), (ii) that certain Unit Subscription Agreement with Cohen & Company
Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (Cohen), a representative in the Offering, dated as of
the date hereof, pursuant to which Cohen will purchase 162,000 Private Placement Units (or up to 186,300 Private Placement Units if the
Over-allotment Option is exercised in full), at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, and, in connection therewith,
issue up to 81,000 Private Placement Warrants to Cohen (or up to 93,150 Private Placement Warrants if the Over-allotment Option is exercised
in full) and (iii) that certain Unit Subscription Agreement with Seaport Global Securities LLC (Seaport), a
representative in the Offering, dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which Seaport will purchase 40,500 Private Placement Units (or
up to 46,575 Private Placement Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full), at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement
Unit, and, in connection therewith, issue up to 20,250 Private Placement Warrants to Seaport (or up to 23,288 Private Placement Warrants
if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full), which bear the legend set forth in Exhibit B hereto, in each case simultaneously
with the closing of the Offering;

WHEREAS,
in order to finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with an intended initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business
Combination), the Sponsor, any of its affiliates or certain of the Companys directors and officers may, but are not
obligated to, loan the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into up to
an additional 150,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the Working Capital Units and, together with the Public
Units and the Private Placement Units, the Units), each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of
one redeemable warrant, and in connection with any issuance of Working Capital Units, the issuance of up to 75,000 warrants (the Working
Capital Warrants and, together with the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants, the Warrants),
which bear the legend set forth in Exhibit B; and

WHEREAS,
the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-1
(File No. 333-281144) (the Registration Statement) and a prospectus (the Prospectus),
for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Public Units, the
Public Warrants and the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Public Units;

1

WHEREAS,
the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with
the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Warrants;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised,
and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS,
all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and
countersigned by or on behalf of the Warrant Agent (if a physical certificate is issued), as provided herein, the valid, binding and
legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment
of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Warrants, and the Warrant
Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Warrants.

2.1 Form of
Warrant. Each Warrant shall initially be issued in registered form only.

2.2 Effect
of Countersignature. If a physical certificate is issued, unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement,
a certificated Warrant shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof.

2.3 Registration.

2.3.1 Warrant
Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register), for the registration of original issuance
and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants in book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall
issue and register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with
instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Public Warrants shall be shown on,
and the transfer of such ownership shall be effected through, records maintained by institutions that have accounts with The Depository
Trust Company (the Depositary) (such institution, with respect to a Warrant in its account, a Participant).

If
the Depositary subsequently ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Public Warrants, the Company may instruct
the Warrant Agent regarding making other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Public Warrants are not eligible
for, or it is no longer necessary to have the Public Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written
instructions to the Depositary to deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each book-entry Public Warrant, and the Company shall
instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to the Depositary definitive certificates in physical form evidencing such Warrants (Definitive
Warrant Certificates) which shall be in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A.

Physical
certificates, if issued, shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman or a Co-Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel, Secretary or other principal officer of the Company.
In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which
such person signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to
be such at the date of issuance.

2

2.3.2 Registered
Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat
the person in whose name such Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register (the Registered Holder) as the absolute
owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby, for the purpose of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and
neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4 Detachability
of Warrants. The Class A Ordinary Shares and Public Warrants comprising the Public Units shall begin separate trading on the 52nd
day following the date of the Prospectus or, if such 52nd day is not on a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday, on which
banks in New York City are generally open for normal business (a Business Day), then on the immediately succeeding
Business Day following such date, or earlier (the Detachment Date) with the consent of Cohen and Seaport, the representatives
of the underwriters, but in no event shall the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants comprising the Public Units be separately
traded until (A) the Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission containing an audited balance sheet
reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Offering, including the proceeds then received by the Company from
the exercise by the underwriter of its right to purchase additional Public Units in the Offering (the Over-allotment Option),
if the Over-allotment Option is exercised prior to the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K, and (B) the Company issues
a press release announcing when such separate trading shall begin. The Private Placement Units shall be eligible to be separated into
their component Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants on the Detachment Date. Holders of Warrants shall contact the Transfer Agent in
order to effect such separation.

2.5 Fractional
Warrants. The Company shall not issue fractional Warrants other than as part of the Units, each of which is comprised of one Class
A Ordinary Share and one-half of one whole Public Warrant. If, upon the detachment of Warrants from the Units or otherwise, a holder
of Warrants would be entitled to receive a fractional Warrant, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number the number of
Warrants to be issued to such holder.

2.6 Private
Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants shall be identical
to the Public Warrants, except that (i) the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants may be exercised for cash
or on a cashless basis, pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(c) hereof, (ii) the Private Placement Warrants,
the Working Capital Warrants and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working
Capital Warrants may be subject to certain transfer restrictions contained in the letter agreement by and among the Company, the Sponsor
and the other parties thereto, as amended from time to time, (iii) the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants
shall not be redeemable by the Company pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof and (iv) the holders of the Private
Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) may
be entitled to certain registration rights. The Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants shall not become Public Warrants
as a result of any transfer of the Private Placement Warrants, regardless of the transferee.

3. Terms
and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1 Warrant
Price. Each whole Warrant shall entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions of such Warrant and of this Agreement,
to purchase from the Company the number of Class A Ordinary Shares stated therein, at the price of $11.50 per share, subject to the adjustments
provided in Section 4 hereof and in the last sentence of this Section 3.1. The term Warrant
Price as used in this Agreement shall mean the price per share (including in cash or by payment of Warrants pursuant to a
cashless exercise, to the extent permitted hereunder) described in the prior sentence at which Class A Ordinary Shares
may be purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior
to the Expiration Date (as defined below) for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business Days (unless otherwise required by the Commission,
any national securities exchange on which the Warrants are listed or applicable law); provided that the Company shall
provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further
that any such reduction shall be identical among all of the Warrants.

3

3.2 Duration
of Warrants. A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise Period) (A) commencing on
the later of: (i) the date that is thirty (30) days after the first date on which the Company completes a Business Combination,
and (ii) the date that is twelve (12) months from the date of the closing of the Offering, and (B) terminating at the earliest
to occur of (x) 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the date that is seven (7) years after the date on which the Company completes
its initial Business Combination, (y) the liquidation of the Company in accordance with the Companys amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, as amended from time to time, if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination, and (z) other
than with respect to the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants, 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Redemption
Date (as defined below) as provided in Section 6.2 hereof (the Expiration Date); provided, however, that the
exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection 3.3.2 below, with
respect to an effective registration statement or a valid exemption therefrom being available. Except with respect to the right to receive
the Redemption Price (as defined below) (other than with respect to a Private Placement Warrant) in the event of a redemption (as set
forth in Section 6 hereof), each Warrant (other than a Private Placement Warrant in the event of a redemption) not exercised on
or before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall
cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the
Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any
such extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further that any such extension shall be identical in duration among
all the Warrants.

3.3 Exercise
of Warrants

3.3.1 Payment.
Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement, a Warrant may be exercised by the Registered Holder thereof by delivering
to the Warrant Agent at its corporate trust department (i) the Definitive Warrant Certificate evidencing the Warrants to be exercised,
or, in the case of a Warrant represented by a book-entry, the Warrants to be exercised (the Book-Entry Warrants)
on the records of the Depositary to an account of the Warrant Agent at the Depositary designated for such purposes in writing by the
Warrant Agent to the Depositary from time to time, (ii) an election to purchase (Election to Purchase) any
Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant, properly completed and executed by the Registered Holder on the reverse
of the Definitive Warrant Certificate or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant, properly delivered by the Participant in accordance with
the Depositarys procedures, and (iii) the payment in full of the Warrant Price for each Class A Ordinary Share as to which
the Warrant is exercised and any and all applicable taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Warrant, the exchange of the Warrant
for the Class A Ordinary Shares and the issuance of such Class A Ordinary Shares, as follows:

(a) in
lawful money of the United States, in good certified check or good bank draft payable to the order of the Warrant Agent;

(b) in
the event of a redemption pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof in which the Companys board of directors (the Board)
has elected to require all holders of the Public Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis, by surrendering
the Public Warrants for that number of Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the Warrant Price and the Redemption
Fair Market Value, as defined in this subsection 3.3.1(b), by (y) the Redemption Fair Market Value. Solely for
purposes of this subsection 3.3.1(b) and Section 6.3, the Redemption Fair Market Value shall mean
the volume-weighted average price of the Class A Ordinary Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the
trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants pursuant to Section 6.2
hereof

(c) with
respect to any Private Placement Warrant or Working Capital Warrant, by surrendering the Warrants for that number of Class A Ordinary
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the Placement Exercise Fair Market Value (as defined in this subsection 3.3.1(c))
less the Warrant Price by (y) the Placement Exercise Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 3.3.1(c),
the Placement Exercise Fair Market Value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary
Shares for the ten (10) trading days ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which notice of exercise of the
Private Placement Warrant or Working Capital Warrant is sent to the Warrant Agent; or

4

(d) as
provided in Section 7.4 hereof.

3.3.2 Issuance
of Class A Ordinary Shares on Exercise. As soon as practicable after the exercise of any Warrant and the clearance of the funds in
payment of the Warrant Price (if payment is pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(a)), the Company shall issue to the Registered Holder
of such Warrant a book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it
is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it on the register of members of the Company, and if
such Warrant shall not have been exercised in full, a new book-entry position or countersigned Warrant, as applicable, for the number
of shares as to which such Warrant shall not have been exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to
deliver any Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant and shall have no obligation to settle such Warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Public Warrants is
then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Warrant shall be
exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to issue Class A Ordinary Shares upon exercise of a Warrant unless the Class A Ordinary
Shares issuable upon such Warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered Holder of the Warrants. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrant exercise. Subject to Section 4.6 of this Agreement,
a Registered Holder of Warrants may exercise its Warrants only for a whole number of Class A Ordinary Shares. The Company may require
holders of Public Warrants to only settle such Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4. If,
by reason of any exercise of Warrants on a cashless basis, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise
of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in an Class A Ordinary Share, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number,
the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to such holder.

3.3.3 Valid
Issuance. All Class A Ordinary Shares issued upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Agreement and the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.4 Date
of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for Class A Ordinary Shares is issued
and who is registered in the register of members of the Company shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record
of such Class A Ordinary Shares on the date on which the Warrant, or book-entry position representing such Warrant, was surrendered and
payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Warrant,
except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date when the register of members of the Company or book-entry system of
the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the holder of such shares at the close of business on the next
succeeding date on which the share transfer books or book-entry system are open.

3.3.5 Maximum
Percentage. A holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained
in this subsection 3.3.5; however, no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to this subsection 3.3.5 unless
he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holders
Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise,
such person (together with such persons affiliates), to the Warrant Agents actual knowledge, would beneficially own in
excess of 4.9% or 9.8%, as specified by such holder, or such other amount as a holder may specify (the Maximum Percentage),
of the Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the aggregate number of Class A Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates shall include the number of Class
A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall
exclude Class A Ordinary Shares that would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of the Warrant beneficially
owned by such person and its affiliates and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible
preferred shares or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). For purposes of the Warrant, in determining
the number of outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares, the holder may rely on the number of outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares as reflected
in (1) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K
or other public filing with the Commission as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any
other notice by the Company or Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as transfer agent (in such capacity, the Transfer
Agent), setting forth the number of Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request
of the holder of the Warrant, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally and in writing to such holder the
number of Class A Ordinary Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares shall be
determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates since
the date as of which such number of issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares was reported. By written notice to the Company, the
holder of a Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to any other percentage
specified in such notice; provided, however, that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first
(61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.

5

4. Adjustments.

4.1 Share
Capitalizations.

4.1.1 Sub-Divisions.
If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 below, the number of issued and outstanding
Class A Ordinary Shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend of Class A Ordinary Shares, or by a sub-division of Class
A Ordinary Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the
number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued
and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares. A rights offering made to all holders of Class A Ordinary Shares entitling holders to purchase
Class A Ordinary Shares at a price less than the Historical Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a capitalization
of a number of Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A Ordinary Shares actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for the
Class A Ordinary Shares) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A Ordinary Share paid
in such rights offering divided by (y) the Historical Fair Market Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.1, (i) if
the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Ordinary Shares, in determining the price payable for
Class A Ordinary Shares, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount
payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) Historical Fair Market Value means the volume weighted average
price of the Class A Ordinary Shares during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on
which the Class A Ordinary Shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive
such rights. No Class A Ordinary Shares shall be issued at less than their par value.

4.1.2 Extraordinary
Dividends. If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays to all of the holders of the Class
A Ordinary Shares a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets on account of such Class A Ordinary Shares (or
other shares into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1 above, (b) Ordinary
Cash Dividends (as defined below), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares in connection
with a proposed initial Business Combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business
Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within the
time period required by the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as amended from time to time,
or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity
or (e) in connection with the redemption of public shares upon the failure of the Company to complete its initial Business Combination
and any subsequent distribution of its assets upon its liquidation (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary
Dividend), then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary
Dividend, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by the Companys board of directors (the Board),
in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A Ordinary Share in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For purposes
of this subsection 4.1.2, Ordinary Cash Dividends means any cash dividend or cash distribution which,
when combined on a per share basis, with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A
Ordinary Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution to the extent it does not
exceed $0.50 per share (which amount shall be adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of
this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant
Price or to the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate
cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50 per share.

4.2 Aggregation
of Shares. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 hereof, the number of issued and outstanding
Class A Ordinary Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A Ordinary Shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares.

4.3 Adjustments
in Exercise Price. Whenever the number of Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided
in subsection 4.1.1 or Section 4.2 above, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant
Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of Class A Ordinary Shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the
number of Class A Ordinary Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

6

4.4 Raising
of the Capital in Connection with the Initial Business Combination. If (x) the Company issues additional Class A Ordinary Shares
or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue
price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A Ordinary Share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Class B
Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company or Private Placement Units (or securities underlying such Private Placement
Units held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of the Companys initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of the Companys initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of Class A Ordinary Shares during the twenty
(20) trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination
(such price, the Market Value) is below $9.20 per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described
in Section 6.1 shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price.

4.5 Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class
A Ordinary Shares (other than a change under Section 4.1 or Section 4.2 hereof or that solely
affects the par value of such Class A Ordinary Shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another
entity or conversion of the Company into another type of entity (other than a merger or consolidation in which the Company is the continuing
entity and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares), or
in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety, in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Warrants shall thereafter have
the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the Class
A Ordinary Shares of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby,
the kind and amount of shares, stock or other equity securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event (the Alternative Issuance); provided, however,
that (i) if the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of
securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such merger or consolidation, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other
assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which each Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be the weighted average
of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares in such merger or consolidation that affirmatively
make such election, and (ii) if a tender, exchange or redemption offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of the
Class A Ordinary Shares (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held
by shareholders of the Company as provided for in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or
as a result of the redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares by the Company if a proposed initial Business Combination is presented to the
shareholders of the Company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof,
together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a
part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any
members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act) securities representing more than 50% of the aggregate voting power (including the power to vote on the election
of directors) of the issued and outstanding equity securities of the Company, and (for the avoidance of doubt) such tender offer results
in an change of control of the Company, the holder of a Warrant shall be entitled to receive as the Alternative Issuance, the kind and
amount of shares, stock or other equity securities or property (including cash) to which such holder would actually have been entitled
as a shareholder if such Warrant holder had exercised the Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted
such offer and all of the Class A Ordinary Shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject
to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments
provided for in this Section 4; provided further that if less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders
of the Class A Ordinary Shares in the applicable event is payable in the form of shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading
on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted
immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the public
disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission,
the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to
such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) (but in no event less than zero) minus (B) the
Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means (i) for the Public Warrants,
the value of a Public Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model
for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets (Bloomberg) and (ii) for Private Placement Warrants
and Working Capital Warrants, the value of a Private Placement Warrant or Working Capital Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for an uncapped American Call on Bloomberg, in each case, as calculated
by an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment
of the Board, qualified to make such calculation. For purposes of calculating such amount, unless such accounting, appraisal, investment
banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing definitively determines that other factors are more appropriate, (i) Section 6 of
this Agreement shall be taken into account, (ii) the price of each Class A Ordinary Share shall be the volume weighted average price
of the Class A Ordinary Shares during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the
applicable event, (iii) the assumed volatility shall be the 90 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined
as of the trading day immediately prior to the day of the announcement of the applicable event unless the third party valuation firm
definitively determines that a different volatility is more appropriate, (iv) the assumed risk-free interest rate shall correspond
to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the Warrant and (v) the assumed dividends shall be zero. Per
Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares consists exclusively
of cash, the amount of such cash per Class A Ordinary Share, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the
Class A Ordinary Shares during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the applicable
event. If any reclassification or reorganization also results in a change in Class A Ordinary Shares covered by subsection 4.1.1,
then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to subsection 4.1.1 or Sections 4.2, 4.3 and
this Section 4.5. The provisions of this Section 4.5 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications,
reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event shall the Warrant Price be reduced to less than the
par value per share issuable upon exercise of such Warrant.

7

4.6 Notices
of Changes in Warrant. Upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, the
Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment
and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of a Warrant, setting forth
in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence of any event specified
in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5 or 4.9, the Company shall give written notice of the occurrence of such event to each holder of a
Warrant, at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register, of the record date or the effective date of the event.
Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such event.

4.7 No
Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional
shares upon the exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4, the holder of any Warrant
would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon such exercise,
round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to such holder.

4.8 Form of
Warrant. The form of Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4, and Warrants issued after
such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of shares as is stated in the Warrants initially issued pursuant
to this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form of Warrant
that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Warrant thereafter issued or countersigned,
whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed.

4.9 Other
Events. In case any event shall occur affecting the Company as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections of this
Section 4 are strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid
an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4, then, in each such case, the
Company shall appoint a firm of independent registered public accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national
standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to
effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4 and, if they determine that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment;
provided, however, that under no circumstances shall the Warrants be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.9 as a result of any issuance
of securities in connection with a Business Combination. The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent
with any adjustment recommended in such opinion.

5. Transfer
and Exchange of Warrants.

5.1 Registration
of Transfer. The Warrant Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant Register,
upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions
for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants shall be issued and the old Warrant
shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. In the case of certificated Warrants, the Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant
Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

5.2 Procedure
for Surrender of Warrants. Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer,
and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants as requested by the Registered Holder of the
Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided, however, that except as otherwise provided herein
or with respect to any Book-Entry Warrant, each Book-Entry Warrant may be transferred only in whole and only to the Depositary, to another
nominee of the Depositary, to a successor depository, or to a nominee of a successor depository; provided further, however that in the
event that a Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend (as in the case, initially, of the Private Placement Warrants),
the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new Warrants in exchange thereof until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion
of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive
legend.

8

5.3 Fractional
Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in the issuance
of a warrant certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a warrant, except as part of the Units.

5.4 Service
Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants.

5.5 Warrant
Execution and Countersignature. The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5, and the Company, whenever required
by the Warrant Agent, shall supply the Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5.6 Transfer
of Warrants. Prior to the Detachment Date, the Public Warrants may be transferred or exchanged only together with the Public Unit
in which such Warrant is included, and only for the purpose of effecting, or in conjunction with, a transfer or exchange of such Public
Unit. Furthermore, each transfer of a Public Unit on the register relating to such Public Units shall operate also to transfer the Warrants
included in such Public Unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.6 shall have no effect on any transfer
of Warrants on and after the Detachment Date.

6. Redemption.

6.1 Redemption
of Public Warrants. Not less than all of the outstanding Public Warrants may be redeemed for cash, at the option of the Company,
at any time during the Exercise Period, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Public Warrants,
as described in Section 6.2 below, at a Redemption Price of $0.01 per Public Warrant, provided that (a) the
Reference Value (as defined below) equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof)
and (b) either (i) there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day Redemption Period (as
defined in Section 6.2 below), or (ii) the Company has elected to require the exercise of the Public Warrants
on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(b) hereof.

6.2 Date
Fixed for, and Notice of, Redemption; Redemption Price; Reference Value. In the event that the Company elects to redeem the Public
Warrants pursuant to Section 6.1, the Company shall fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date).
Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than thirty (30) days prior to the
Redemption Date (the period lasting from such time until the Redemption Date, the 30-day Redemption Period) to the
Registered Holders of the Public Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they shall appear on the registration books. Any
notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Registered Holder
received such notice. As used in this Agreement, (a) Redemption Price shall mean the price per Warrant at which
any Warrants are redeemed pursuant to Section 6.1 and (b) Reference Value shall mean
the last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares for any twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period
ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given.

6.3 Exercise
After Notice of Redemption. The Public Warrants may be exercised, for cash (or, if the Company has elected to require exercise on
a cashless basis in accordance with subsection 3.3.1(b) of this Agreement, on such cashless basis)
at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof and
prior to the Redemption Date. In the event that the Company determines to require all holders of Public Warrants to exercise their Public
Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1, the notice of redemption shall contain the information
necessary to calculate the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the Redemption
Fair Market Value (as such term is defined in subsection 3.3.1(b) hereof) in such case. On and after the Redemption Date,
the record holder of the Public Warrants shall have no further rights except to receive, upon surrender of the Public Warrants, the Redemption
Price.

9

7. Other
Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.

7.1 No
Rights as Shareholder. A Warrant does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company,
including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent
or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other
matter.

7.2 Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants. If any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent
may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant,
include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated,
or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly
lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

7.3 Reservation
of Class A Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Class
A Ordinary Shares that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement.

7.4 Registration
of Class A Ordinary Shares; Cashless Exercise at Companys Option.

7.4.1 Registration
of the Class A Ordinary Shares. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) Business
Days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission
a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the
Warrants. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within sixty (60) Business
Days following the closing of its initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and
a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the sixtieth (60th) Business Day following the closing
of the Business Combination, holders of the Public Warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning on the sixty-first (61st)
Business Day after the closing of the Business Combination and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the
Commission, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the
issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless
basis, by exchanging the Public Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption)
for that number of Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Ordinary
Shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) less the Warrant
Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 7.4.1, Fair Market Value
shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A Ordinary Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending
on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent from the holder of such Warrants or its
securities broker or intermediary. The date that notice of cashless exercise is received by the Warrant Agent shall be
conclusively determined by the Warrant Agent. In connection with the cashless exercise of a Public Warrant, the Company
shall, upon request, provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion of counsel for the Company (which shall be an outside law firm with securities
law experience) stating that (i) the exercise of the Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with this subsection
7.4.1 is not required to be registered under the Securities Act and (ii) the Class A Ordinary Shares issued upon such exercise
shall be freely tradable under United States federal securities laws by anyone who is not an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144
under the Securities Act) of the Company and, accordingly, shall not be required to bear a restrictive legend. Except as provided in subsection
7.4.2, for the avoidance of doubt, unless and until all of the Warrants have been exercised or have expired, the Company shall continue
to be obligated to comply with its registration obligations under the first three sentences of this subsection 7.4.1.

7.4.2 Cashless
Exercise at Companys Option. If the Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, (i) require holders of Public Warrants who exercise Public Warrants to exercise
such Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as described
in subsection 7.4.1 and (ii) in the event the Company so elects, the Company shall (x) not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and (y) use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify for sale the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrant under applicable blue
sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

10

7.4.3
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time pursuant to this Agreement the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis
pursuant to this Section 7.4, the exercise of the Public Warrants must be completed pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(b) hereof.

8. Concerning
the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

8.1 Payment
of Taxes. The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant
Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Class A Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants, but the Company shall not
be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares.

8.2 Resignation,
Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent.

8.2.1 Appointment
of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged
from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office
of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor
Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after
it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of a Warrant (who shall, with
such notice, submit his, her or its Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. Any
successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation or other entity organized and existing
under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the United States of America, and authorized
under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment,
any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor
Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason
it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument
transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon
request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for
more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities,
duties, and obligations.

8.2.2 Notice
of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the
predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent for the Class A Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

8.2.3 Merger
or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any entity into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or
any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent
under this Agreement without any further act.

8.3 Fees
and Expenses of Warrant Agent.

8.3.1 Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and shall, pursuant
to its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably
incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

11

8.3.2 Further
Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying
out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4 Liability
of Warrant Agent.

8.4.1 Reliance
on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or
desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact
or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established
by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, the General
Counsel, the Secretary or the Chairman or a Co-Chairman of the Board of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent
may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4.2 Indemnity.
The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. The Company agrees
to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, out-of-pocket costs and reasonable
outside counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this Agreement, except as a result of the
Warrant Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith.

8.4.3 Exclusions.
The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution
of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to make any adjustments
required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, method, or amount of any such
adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be
deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant
to this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether any Class A Ordinary Shares shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

8.5 Acceptance
of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms
and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and
concurrently account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of Class A Ordinary Shares
through the exercise of the Warrants.

8.6 Waiver.
The Warrant Agent has no right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or
to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek
recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Warrant Agent
hereby waives any and all Claims against the Trust Account and any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account.

9. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

9.1 Successors.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to
the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

12

9.2 Notices.
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant
to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private
courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in
writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows:

Plum
Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San
Francisco, California 94115

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

with
a copy to the Companys counsel at:

Greenberg
Traurig, LLP

1750 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000

McLean,
Virginia 22102

Attn: Alan Annex, Esq., Jason Simon, Esq.

Any notice,
statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant
Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier
service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing
by the Warrant Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

9.3 Applicable
Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in
all respects by the laws of the State of New York. Subject to applicable law, the Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or
claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of
New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which
jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will
not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in this Section 9.3. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum
provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York (a foreign action) in the name of any warrant holder, such warrant holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of New York
or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to
enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holders counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder.

9.4 Persons
Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person, corporation
or other entity other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Warrants any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason
of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations,
promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors
and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Warrants.

13

9.5 Examination
of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent
in the United States of America, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require any such holder
to submit such holders Warrant for inspection by the Warrant Agent.

9.6 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
A signature to this Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect and enforceability as an original signature.

9.7 Effect
of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

9.8 Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of (i) curing any
ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including conforming the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Warrants and this
Agreement set forth in the Prospectus, or defective provision contained herein, (ii) removing or reducing the Companys ability
to redeem the Public Warrants, or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this
Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the rights of the Registered
Holders under this Agreement in any material respect. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto with the vote or written consent
of the Registered Holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, voting together as
a single class, to allow for the Warrants to be or continue to be, as applicable, classified as equity in the Companys financial
statements. All other modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the
Exercise Period, with respect to (a) the terms of the Public Warrants or any provision of this Agreement with respect to the Public
Warrants, shall require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Public Warrants,
and (b) the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of this Agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants
shall require the vote or written consent of holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to and in accordance with
Sections 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders.

9.9 Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

Exhibit A
Form of Warrant Certificate

Exhibit B Legend Private Placement Warrants

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

PLUM
ACQUISITION CORP. IV

By: /s/
Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Warrant Agreement]

15

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST
COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: /s/
Margaret B. Lloyd

Name: Margaret B. Lloyd

Title: Vice President

[Signature
Page to Warrant Agreement]

16

EXHIBIT A

[FACE]

Number

Warrants

THIS
WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO

THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR

IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW

Plum
Acquisition Corp. IV

Incorporated Under the Laws of the Cayman Islands

CUSIP
[]

Warrant
Certificate

This
Warrant Certificate certifies that [], or registered assigns, is the registered holder of [] warrant(s) (the
Warrants and each, a Warrant) to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value (Class
A Ordinary Shares), of Plum Acquisition Corp. IV, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company). Each
Warrant entitles the holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the
Company that number of fully paid and nonassessable Class A Ordinary Shares as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Exercise
Price) as determined pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through cashless exercise
as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) of the United States of America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the
Exercise Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the
Warrant Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Warrant Agreement.

Each
whole Warrant is initially exercisable for one fully paid and non-assessable Class A Ordinary Share. Fractional shares shall not be issued
upon exercise of any Warrant. If, upon the exercise of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a Class
A Ordinary Share, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be
issued to the Warrant holder. The number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon
the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

The
initial Exercise Price per one Class A Ordinary Share for any Warrant is equal to $11.50 per share. The Exercise Price is subject to
adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

Subject
to the conditions set forth in the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent
not exercised by the end of such Exercise Period, such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions,
as set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

Reference
is hereby made to the further provisions of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall
for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This
Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.

This
Warrant Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST
COMPANY, AS WARRANT AGENT 

By: 

Name: 

Title 

17

[Form of
Warrant Certificate]

[Reverse]

The
Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive
[] Class A Ordinary Shares and are issued or to be issued pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of January 14, 2025 (the Warrant
Agreement), duly executed and delivered by the Company to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York
corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent), which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in
and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties
and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the words holders or holder
meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder, respectively) of the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by
the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Warrants
may be exercised at any time during the Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this
Warrant Certificate may exercise them by surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of Election to Purchase set forth hereon
properly completed and executed, together with payment of the Exercise Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless
exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event
that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced hereby, the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants
evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number
of Warrants not exercised.

Notwithstanding
anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a
registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities
Act and (ii) a prospectus thereunder relating to the Class A Ordinary Shares is current, except through cashless exercise
as provided for in the Warrant Agreement or if another exemption from registration is available.

The
Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain events the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants set forth on the face hereof may, subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder
thereof would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in an Class A Ordinary Share, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down
to the nearest whole number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to the holder of the Warrant.

Warrant
Certificates, when surrendered at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person
or by legal representative or attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided
in the Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like
tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants.

Upon
due presentation for registration of transfer of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent a new Warrant Certificate
or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in
exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax
or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

The
Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate
(notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution
to the holder(s) hereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice
to the contrary. Neither the Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company.

18

Election
to Purchase

(To
Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The
undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive [] Class A Ordinary
Shares and herewith tenders payment for such Class A Ordinary Shares to the order of Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company)
in the amount of $[] in accordance with the terms hereof. The undersigned requests that a certificate for such Class A Ordinary
Shares be registered in the name of [], whose address is [] and that such Class A Ordinary Shares be delivered to []
whose address is []. If said number of Class A Ordinary Shares is less than all of the Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder,
the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such Class A Ordinary Shares be registered
in the name of [], whose address is [] and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to [], whose address is [].

In
the event that the Warrant is a Public Warrant that is to be exercised on a cashless basis as required by the Company pursuant
to Section 6.1 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Class A Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable
for shall be determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.1(c) of the Warrant Agreement.

In
the event that the Warrant is a Private Placement Warrant that is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection
3.3.1(c) of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Class A Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined
in accordance with subsection 3.3.1(c) of the Warrant Agreement.

In
the event that the Warrant is a Public Warrant that is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of
the Warrant Agreement, the number of Class A Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of
the Warrant Agreement.

In
the event that the Warrant may be exercised, to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number
of Class A Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant
Agreement which allows for such cashless exercise and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby
irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant
Agreement, to receive Class A Ordinary Shares. If said number of shares is less than all of the Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder
(after giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance
of such Class A Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of [], whose address is [] and that such Warrant Certificate
be delivered to [], whose address is [].

[Signature
Page Follows]

19

Date: []

(Signature)

(Address)

(Tax Identification Number)

Signature
Guaranteed:

THE
SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT
UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED).

20

EXHIBIT B

LEGEND

THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS,
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS
ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT (THE LETTER AGREEMENT) BY AND AMONG PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV (THE
COMPANY), PLUM PARTNERS IV, LLC AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE
SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION
(AS DEFINED IN THE RECITALS OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE (AS DEFINED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT)
WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES
EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.

NO. []
WARRANT

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex10-1_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNITS AND RESTRICTED SHARES SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND PLUM PARTNERS IV, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

UNIT AND RESTRICTED SHARE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Unit and Restricted
Share Subscription Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of this 14th day of January, 2025, by and between
Plum Acquisition Corp. IV, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), having its principal place of business
at 2021 Fillmore St. #2089, San Francisco, California 94115, and Plum Partners IV, LLC (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of 440,000
Units (the Units) of the Company, each Unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par
value $0.0001 per share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrant) to purchase one Class A ordinary
share (the Warrant Shares) to be governed by the Warrant Agreement (defined herein) and an aggregate of 570,000 restricted
Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 of the Company, (the Restricted Class A Shares, the Restricted Class A
Shares together with the Units (as defined below), the Private Placement Securities), for a purchase price of $4,400,000,
or $10.00 per Unit or a combined purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Security.

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires
to purchase the Private Placement Securities on the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Company wishes to accept such subscription.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

1 Agreement to Subscribe

1.1 Purchase and Issuance
of the Private Placement Securities. For the aggregate sum of $4,400,000 (the Purchase Price), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees
to sell to the Purchaser, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.2) 440,000 Units and 570,000 Restricted Class A Shares at
$10.00 per Private Placement Security.

1.2 Closing. The
closing (the Closing) of the Offering shall take place by electronic exchange of executed documents
simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys initial public offering (IPO) and the consummation
of the exercise of all or any portion of the underwriters 45-day over-allotment option (Over-Allotment
Option) (each a Closing Date).

1.3 Delivery of the Purchase
Price. At least one business day prior to the effective date of the Companys registration statement relating to the IPO (the
Registration Statement), or the date of the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, if any, the Purchaser agrees to
deliver the Purchase Price, by certified bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds denominated in United States Dollars
to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (Continental), which is hereby irrevocably
authorized to deposit such funds on the applicable Closing Date to the trust account which will be established for the benefit of the
Companys public shareholders, managed pursuant to that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement to be entered into by and
between the Company and Continental and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the IPO will be deposited (the Trust
Account). If the IPO is not consummated within 14 days of the date the Purchase Price is delivered to Continental, the Purchase
Price shall be returned to the Purchaser by certified bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds denominated in United
States Dollars, without interest or deduction.

1.4 Delivery of Unit Certificate
and Restricted Share Certificate. Upon the applicable Closing Date after delivery of the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1.3,
the Purchaser shall become irrevocably entitled to receive a unit certificate and a restricted Class A share certificate representing
the Units and Restricted Class A Shares, respectively, purchased hereunder.

2 Representations and
Warranties of the Purchaser

The Purchaser represents
and warrants to the Company that:

2.1 No Government Recommendation
or Approval. It understands that no United States federal or state agency or similar agency of any other country has passed upon or
made any recommendation or endorsement of the Company, the Offering, the Units, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, the Restricted Class
A Shares, or the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Units (excluding the Warrant Shares, the Unit Shares
and, collectively with the Units, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares and the Restricted Class A Shares, the Securities).

2.2 Organization.
It is a company, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction and possesses all requisite power and authority
necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.3 Private Offering.
It is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or it is not a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902
of Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act. It acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being
made in reliance on a private placement exemption to Accredited Investors within the meaning of Section 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law or a non-U.S. Person under Regulation S.

2.4 Authority. This
Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Purchaser and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement
is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

2.5 No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Purchasers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Purchaser
is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

2.6 No Legal Advice from
Company. It acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any
statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto,
it is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives
or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
securities laws of any jurisdiction.

2.7 Access to Information;
Independent Investigation. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers
from representatives of the Company concerning an investment in the Company, as well as the finances, operations, business and prospects
of the Company, and the opportunity to obtain additional information to verify the accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining
whether to make this investment, it has relied solely on its own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon
its own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph. It understands that no person has been authorized
to give any information or to make any representations which were not furnished pursuant to this Section 2 and it has not relied
on any other representations or information in making its investment decision, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations
and/or its prospects.

2.8 Reliance on Representations and Warranties.
It understands the Private Placement Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements
under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Company is relying upon
the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Purchaser set forth in
this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.9 No Advertisements.
It is not subscribing for the Private Placement Securities as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar
or meeting.

2

2.10 Legend. It acknowledges
and agrees the certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend), in form and substance
as set forth in Section 4 hereof, prohibiting the offer, sale, pledge or transfer of the securities, except (i) pursuant to
an effective registration statement covering these securities under the Securities Act or (ii) pursuant to any other exemptions from
the registration requirements under the Securities Act and such laws which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, is available.

2.11 Experience, Financial
Capability and Suitability. It is (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the
investment in the Securities and (ii) able to bear the economic risk of his investment in the Securities for an indefinite period
of time because the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently registered
under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing
in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment
in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in transactions
of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company
and has the capacity to protect its own interests.

2.12 Investment Purposes.
It is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for its own account and not for the account or benefit of any other person,
and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof and it has no present arrangement to sell the interest in the Securities
to or through any person or entity. It shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Securities unless in compliance with
the Securities Act.

2.13 Restrictions on Transfer.
It acknowledges and understands the Private Placement Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in
the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, and, if
in the future, it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold, pledged
or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144), if available,
or (C) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance
with any applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. It agrees that if any transfer of its Securities or any interest
therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, it may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion
of counsel satisfactory to the Company. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, it agrees it will not resell
the Securities. It further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to it for the
resale of the Securities until the one year anniversary following consummation of the initial Business Combination (defined below) of
the Company, despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer
restrictions.

3 Representations and
Warranties of the Company

The Company represents and
warrants to the Purchaser that:

3.1 Valid Issuance of
Share Capital. The total number of all classes of share capital which the Company has authority to issue is 200,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 1,000,000
preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each. As of the date hereof, the Company has issued 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares
(of which 750,000 Class B ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement) to the Companys
sponsor, and the Companys sponsor has transferred an aggregate of 75,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Companys independent
director nominees, in each case at a price of $0.003 per share. As of the date hereof, no preferred shares are issued and outstanding.
All of the issued share capital of the Company has been duly authorized, validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3

3.2 Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the warrant agreement to be entered into with Continental
on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Warrant Agreement) and the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of the Company (as applicable), as the case may be, each of the Securities will be duly and validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Units, the Warrant Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance
with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, and the Warrant Agreement, the Purchaser will have or receive good title to the Warrant
Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and pursuant
to the insider letter to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Insider Letter) and (ii) transfer
restrictions under federal and state securities laws.

3.3 Organization and Qualification.
The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a Cayman Islands exempted company and has the requisite corporate power
to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4 Authorization; Enforcement.
(i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and
to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this Agreement
constitutes, and upon the execution and delivery thereof, the Warrants and Warrant Agreement, will constitute, valid and binding obligations
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally
the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of
rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.5 No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default under any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) conflict with any law statute, rule or
regulation to which the Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any
federal, state or foreign securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration
statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation
to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory
entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof.

4 Legends

4.1 Legend. The Company
will issue the Units, the Warrants, the Unit Shares and the Restricted Class A Shares, and when issued, the Warrant Shares purchased by
the Purchaser, in the name of the Purchaser. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop transfer
instructions:

THESE SECURITIES (i) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
(B) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO THE RESALE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN RULE 905 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE
OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

4

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
ARE SUBJECT TO AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV AND PLUM PARTNERS IV, LLC AND MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF DURING THE TERM OF THE LOCKUP PURSUANT TO THE TERMS SET FORTH THEREIN.

4.2 Purchasers
Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Purchasers obligations and agreements to comply with
all applicable securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3 Companys Refusal
to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole judgment
of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities
Act, or (ii) pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities
laws and (iii) in compliance herewith.

4.4 Registration Rights.
The Purchaser will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration
Rights Agreement) to be entered into with the Company on or prior to the closing of the IPO.

5 Lockup

The Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that the Securities, other than the Restricted Class A Shares, shall not be transferable, saleable or assignable until thirty
(30) days after the consummation of an acquisition, share exchange, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any other
similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination), except to permitted
transferees (as defined in the Insider Letter). The Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that the Restricted Class A Shares shall
not be transferable, saleable or assignable until ninety (90) days after the consummation of a Business Combination, except to permitted
transferees.

6 Securities Laws Restrictions

The Purchaser agrees not
to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Securities unless, prior thereto (a) a registration
statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the Securities proposed
to be transferred shall then be effective or (b) the Company shall have received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction complies with the Securities Act and the rules promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws.

7 Waiver of Distributions
from Trust Account

In connection with the Securities
purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
distributions from the Trust Account.

8 Rescission Right Waiver
and Indemnification

8.1 Rescission Waiver.
The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act requires there be
no general solicitation of purchasers of the Private Placement Securities. In this regard, if the Offering were deemed to be a general
solicitation with respect to the Private Placement Securities, the offer and sale of such Private Placement Securities may not be exempt
from registration and, if not, the Purchaser may have a right to rescind its purchase of the Private Placement Securities. In order to
facilitate the completion of the Offering and in order to protect the Company, its shareholders and the Trust Account from claims that
may adversely affect the Company or the interests of its shareholders, the Purchaser hereby agrees to waive, to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law, any claims, right to sue or rights in law or arbitration, as the case may be, to seek rescission of its purchase of
the Private Placement Securities as a result of the issuance of the Private Placement Securities being deemed to be in violation of Section 5
of the Securities Act. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees this waiver is being made in order to induce the Company to sell the Private
Placement Securities to the Purchaser. The Purchaser agrees the foregoing waiver of rescission rights shall apply to any and all known
or unknown actions, causes of action, suits, claims or proceedings (collectively, Claims) and related losses,
costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, whether compensatory, consequential or exemplary, and expenses in connection therewith,
including reasonable attorneys and expert witness fees and disbursements and all other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any Claims, whether pending or threatened, in connection with any present or future actual or asserted
right to rescind the purchase of the Private Placement Securities hereunder or relating to the purchase of the Private Placement Securities
and the transactions contemplated hereby.

5

8.2 No Recourse Against
Trust Account. The Purchaser agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever in connection with its
purchase of the Private Placement Securities or any Claim that may arise now or in the future.

8.3 Section 8 Waiver.
The Purchaser agrees that to the extent any waiver of rights under this Section 8 is ineffective as a matter of law, the Purchaser
has offered such waiver for the benefit of the Company as an equitable right that shall survive any statutory disqualification or bar
that applies to a legal right. The Purchaser acknowledges the receipt and sufficiency of consideration received from the Company hereunder
in this regard.

9 Terms of the Private
Placement Securities

9.1 Units. The Units
shall be substantially identical to the Units offered in the IPO as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, except the Units: (i) will
be subject to the transfer restrictions described herein, and (ii) are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and will become freely tradable only after certain conditions are met or the resale of the Units is
registered under the Securities Act.

9.2 Restricted Class A
Shares. The Restricted Class A Shares shall be substantially identical to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Units, except
the Restricted Class A Shares: (i) will vest upon the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) will be subject to the transfer restrictions
described herein, and (iii) are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and
will become freely tradable only after certain conditions are met or the resale of the Restricted Class A Shares is registered under the
Securities Act.

10 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver
of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such territory.
The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

11 Assignment; Entire
Agreement; Amendment

11.1 Assignment. Neither
this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by the Purchaser, without the prior
consent of the Company, to one or more persons agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof. Upon such assignment by a Purchaser, the assignee(s) shall
become Purchaser hereunder and have the rights and obligations provided for herein to the extent of such assignment.

11.2 Entire Agreement. This
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and
all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature.

11.3 Amendment. Except
as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other
than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought.

11.4 Binding upon Successors.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and permitted assigns.

12 Notices; Indemnity

12.1 Notices. All
notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, shall be addressed to the receiving partys
address set forth on the signature page hereto or to such other address as a party may designate by notice hereunder, and shall be either
(a) delivered by hand, (b) sent by overnight courier, or (c) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid. All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been given either (i) if by hand,
at the time of the delivery thereof to the receiving party at the address of such party set forth above, (ii) if sent by overnight
courier, on the next business day following the day such notice is delivered to the courier service, or (iii) if sent by certified
mail, on the fifth business day following the day such mailing is made.

6

12.2 Indemnification.
Subject to Section 8, each party shall indemnify the other party against any loss, cost or damages (including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth
in this Agreement.

13 Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign
the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of electronic delivery,
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

14 Survival; Severability

14.1 Survival. The
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing until one (1) year following
the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

14.2 Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability
shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

15 Headings

The titles and subtitles
used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

16 Construction

The parties hereto have participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring
any party hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes,
and including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter
genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice
versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof, hereby,
hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly
so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein will have independent significance.
If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists
another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which
such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such party hereto is in breach of the first representation,
warranty, or covenant.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

7

This subscription is accepted by the Company as of the date first written
above.

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted and agreed this 

14 day of January, 2025

Plum Partners IV, LLC

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy 

Name: Kanishka Roy 

Title: Managing Member 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Unit
and Restricted Share Subscription Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex10-2_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNITS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS, A DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Unit Subscription Agreement
(this Agreement) is made as of this 14th day of January, 2025, by and between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), having its principal place of business at 2021 Fillmore St. #2089,
San Francisco, California 94115, and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to the Purchaser on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of 162,000
Units (the Initial Units) of the Company, each Initial Unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share of
the Company, par value $0.0001 per share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrants) to purchase one Class A
ordinary share (the Warrant Shares) to be governed by the Warrant Agreement (defined herein), for a purchase price
of $1,620,000, or $10.00 per Initial Unit, and up to 24,300 units (Additional Units and together with the Initial
Units, the Units), each Additional Unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Warrant,
for a purchase price of $243,000, or $10.00 per Additional Unit. As provided in the Registration Statement (defined below), the Warrants
are exercisable during the period commencing 30 days following the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (defined
below) and will expire on the seventh anniversary of the consummation of the Business Combination (provided that so long as the Private
Warrants are held by the Purchaser or its designees, the Purchaser or its designees will not be permitted to exercise such Warrants after
the five year anniversary of the commencement of sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)).

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires
to purchase the Units on the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Company wishes to accept such subscription.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

1 Agreement to Subscribe.

1.1 Purchase and
Issuance of the Initial Units. For the aggregate sum of $1,620,000
(the Initial Purchase Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby
agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Purchaser, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.2)
an aggregate of 162,000 Initial Units at $10.00 per Initial Unit.

In addition to the foregoing,
the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase up to an additional 24,300 Additional Units at $10.00 per Additional Unit for a purchase price
of $243,000 (the Additional Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase Price).
The purchase and issuance of the Additional Units shall occur only in the event that the underwriters 45-day over-allotment option
(Over-Allotment Option) in the Offering is exercised in full or part. The total number of Additional Units to be
purchased hereunder shall be in the same proportion as the amount of the Over-Allotment Option that is exercised. Each purchase of Additional
Units shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of any portion of the Over-Allotment Option.

1.2 Closing.
The closing (the Closing) of the Offering shall take place by electronic exchange of executed

documents simultaneously with the consummation
of the Companys initial public offering (IPO) and the consummation of the exercise of all or any portion of
the Over-Allotment Option (each a Closing Date).

1.3 Delivery of the Purchase
Price. The Initial Purchase Price or the Additional Purchase Price, as applicable, shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available
funds or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable to the company, to the trust account (the "Trust Account")
at a financial institution chosen by the Company, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York Corporation
("Continental"), on or prior to each Closing Date.

1.4 Delivery of
Unit Certificate. Upon the applicable Closing Date after delivery of the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1.3, the Purchaser
shall become irrevocably entitled to receive a unit certificate representing the Units purchased hereunder.

2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser.

The Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to the Company that:

2.1 No Government
Recommendation or Approval. It understands that no United States federal or state agency or similar agency of any other country has
passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Company, the Offering, the Units, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, or the
Class A ordinary shares underlying the Units (excluding the Warrant Shares, the Unit Shares and, collectively
with the Units, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares, the Securities).

2.2 Organization. It is a company,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction and possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.3 Private Offering.
It is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or it is not a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902
of Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act. It acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being
made in reliance on a private placement exemption to Accredited Investors within the meaning of Section 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law or a non-U.S. Person under Regulation S.

2.4 Authority.
This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Purchaser and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

2.5 No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Purchasers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Purchaser
is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

2.6 No Legal Advice
from Company. It acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for
any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto,
it is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives
or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
securities laws of any jurisdiction.

2.7 Access to Information;
Independent Investigation. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers
from representatives of the Company concerning an investment in the Company, as well as the finances, operations, business and prospects
of the Company, and the opportunity to obtain additional information to verify the accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining
whether to make this investment, it has relied solely on its own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon
its own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph. It understands that no person has been authorized
to give any information or to make any representations which were not furnished pursuant to this Section 2 and it has not relied
on any other representations or information in making its investment decision, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations
and/or its prospects.

2.8 Reliance on
Representations and Warranties. It understands the Units are being offered and sold to it in reliance on exemptions from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Company is
relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Purchaser
set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2

2.9 No Advertisements.
It is not subscribing for the Units as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published
in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting.

2.10 Legend.
It acknowledges and agrees the certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend),
in form and substance as set forth in Section 4 hereof, prohibiting the offer, sale, pledge or transfer of the securities, except
(i) pursuant to an effective registration statement covering these securities under the Securities Act or (ii) pursuant to any
other exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and such laws which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company,
is available.

2.11 Experience,
Financial Capability and Suitability. It is (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits
of the investment in the Securities and (ii) able to bear the economic risk of his investment in the Securities for an indefinite
period of time because the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has substantial experience in evaluating and
investing in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of
its investment in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing
in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment
in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests.

2.12 Investment
Purposes. It is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for its own account and not for the account or benefit of
any other person, and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof and it has no present arrangement to sell the
interest in the Securities to or through any person or entity. It shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Securities
unless in compliance with the Securities Act.

2.13 Restrictions
on Transfer. It acknowledges and understands the Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United
States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, and, if in the future,
it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise
transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption
from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144), if available, or (C) pursuant
to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable
securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. It agrees that if any transfer of its Securities or any interest therein is proposed
to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, it may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory
to the Company. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, it agrees it will not resell the Securities. It
further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to it for the resale of the Securities
until the one year anniversary following consummation of the initial Business Combination (defined below) of the Company, despite technical
compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

3 Representations
and Warranties of the Company.

The Company represents and
warrants to the Purchaser that:

3.1 Valid Issuance
of Share Capital. The total number of all classes of share capital which the Company has authority to issue is 200,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 1,000,000
preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each. As of the date hereof, the Company has issued 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares
(of which 750,000 Class B ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement relating to the IPO
(the "Registration Statement")) to the Companys sponsor, and the Companys sponsor has transferred an aggregate
of 75,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Companys independent director nominees, in each case at a price of $0.003 per share.
As of the date hereof, no preferred shares are issued and outstanding. All of the issued share capital of the Company has been duly authorized,
validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3

3.2 Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the warrant agreement to be entered into with Continental
on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Warrant Agreement) and the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of the Company (as applicable), as the case may be, each of the Securities will be duly and validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Units, the Warrant Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance
with, and the payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, and the Warrant Agreement, the Purchaser will have or receive good title to the Warrant
Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and pursuant
to the insider letter to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Insider Letter) and (ii) transfer
restrictions under federal and state securities laws.

3.3 Organization
and Qualification. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a Cayman Islands exempted company and has the
requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4 Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this
Agreement constitutes, and upon the execution and delivery thereof, the Warrants and Warrant Agreement, will constitute, valid and binding
obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement
of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.5 No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default under any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) conflict with any law statute, rule or
regulation to which the Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any
federal, state or foreign securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration
statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation
to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory
entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof.

4 Legends.

4.1 Legend.
The Company will issue the Units, the Warrants and the Unit Shares, and when issued, the Warrant Shares purchased by the Purchaser, in
the name of the Purchaser. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THESE SECURITIES (i) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
(B) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO THE RESALE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN RULE 905 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE
OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. THESE SECURITIES ARE DEEMED UNDERWRITERS COMPENSATION BY THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY (FINRA)
AND ARE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS IN ACCORDANCE WITH FINRA RULE 5110.

4

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
ARE SUBJECT TO AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV AND COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS, A DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLC, AND MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF DURING THE TERM OF THE LOCKUP PURSUANT TO
THE TERMS SET FORTH THEREIN.

4.2 Purchasers
Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Purchasers obligations and agreements to comply with
all applicable securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3 Companys
Refusal to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole
judgment of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under
the Securities Act, or (ii) pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws and (iii) in compliance herewith.

4.4 Registration
Rights. The Purchaser will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration
Rights Agreement) to be entered into with the Company on or prior to the closing of the IPO.

5 Lockup.

The Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that the Securities shall not be transferable, saleable or assignable until thirty (30) days after the consummation of an acquisition,
share exchange, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any other similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities (a Business Combination), except (a)(i) to the Companys sponsors members, (ii) the directors
or officers of the Company, the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members or the Purchaser, (iii) any affiliates
or family members of the directors or officers of the Company, the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members
or the Purchaser, (iv) any members or partners of the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members, the Purchaser
or their respective affiliates, or any affiliates of the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members, the Purchaser,
or any employees of such affiliates,; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individuals immediate
family, any estate planning vehicle or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family, an
affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution
upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) in the case of a
trust by distribution to one or more permissible beneficiaries of such trust; (f) by private sales or transfers made in connection with
the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the private placement securities, as applicable,
were originally purchased; (g) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial Business
Combination;, or (h) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the Companys completion of an initial business combination;
(i) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands, by virtue of the Companys sponsors memorandum and articles of association
or other constitutional, organizational or formational documents, as amended, upon dissolution of the Companys sponsor, or by virtue
of the constitutional, organization or formational documents of a subsidiary of the Companys sponsor that holds the relevant securities,
upon liquidation or dissolution of such subsidiary, or the organizational documents of the Purchaser upon dissolution of the Purchaser;
or (j) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results
in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. Each Purchaser acknowledges that
the Private Placement Units and the related registration rights will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(FINRA) and will therefore, pursuant to Rule 5110(e) of the FINRA Manual, be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales in the Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions to permitted transferees
hereunder and in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2)(B). The private placement securities and the related registration rights may not
be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the economic disposition of such securities by any person for a period of five years immediately following the commencement
of sales in the Public Offering.

5

6 Securities Laws
Restrictions.

Each Purchaser agrees not
to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Securities unless, prior thereto (a) a registration
statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the Securities proposed
to be transferred shall then be effective or (b) the Company shall have received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction complies with the Securities Act and the rules promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws.

7 Waiver of Redemption
Rights.

In connection with the Securities
purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby waives any and all redemption rights (i) in connection with the Companys
completion of the Business Combination, (ii) upon the Companys failure to complete the Business Combination within 18 months from
the completion of the IPO or the liquidation of the Company prior to the expiration of such 18 month period or (iii) if the Company seeks
an amendment to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares (as defined below). In the event the Purchaser purchases Ordinary Shares in the IPO or
in the aftermarket (Public Shares), such Purchase shall be eligible to redeem any Public Shares upon the same terms offered
to all other holders of Ordinary Shares purchased in the IPO.

8 Rescission Right
Waiver and Indemnification.

8.1 Rescission Waiver.
The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act requires there be
no general solicitation of purchasers of the Units. In this regard, if the Offering were deemed to be a general solicitation with respect
to the Units, the offer and sale of such Units may not be exempt from registration and, if not, the Purchaser may have a right to rescind
its purchase of the Units. In order to facilitate the completion of the Offering and in order to protect the Company, its shareholders
and the Trust Account from claims that may adversely affect the Company or the interests of its shareholders, the Purchaser hereby agrees
to waive, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any claims, right to sue or rights in law or arbitration, as the case may
be, to seek rescission of its purchase of the Units as a result of the issuance of the Units being deemed to be in violation of Section 5
of the Securities Act. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees this waiver is being made in order to induce the Company to sell the Units
to the Purchaser. The Purchaser agrees the foregoing waiver of rescission rights shall apply to any and all known or unknown actions,
causes of action, suits, claims or proceedings (collectively, Claims) and related losses, costs, penalties,
fees, liabilities and damages, whether compensatory, consequential or exemplary, and expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable
attorneys and expert witness fees and disbursements and all other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any Claims, whether pending or threatened, in connection with any present or future actual or asserted right to rescind the purchase
of the Units hereunder or relating to the purchase of the Units and the transactions contemplated hereby.

8.2 No Recourse
Against Trust Account. The Purchaser agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever in connection
with its purchase of the Units or any Claim that may arise now or in the future, provided that nothing herein shall preclude Purchaser
from making any Claim or seeking recourse against the funds held outside of the Trust Account or seeking payment of any deferred underwriting
fee due and payable pursuant to the underwriting agreement between the Company, Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B.
Financial Group, LLC and Seaport Global Securities LLC as representatives of the underwriters, in connection with the IPO (the Underwriting
Agreement).

8.3 Section 8 Waiver.
The Purchaser agrees that to the extent any waiver of rights under this Section 8 is ineffective as a matter of law, the Purchaser
has offered such waiver for the benefit of the Company as an equitable right that shall survive any statutory disqualification or bar
that applies to a legal right. The Purchaser acknowledges the receipt and sufficiency of consideration received from the Company hereunder
in this regard.

6

9 Terms of the Unit.

The Units purchased pursuant
to this Agreement shall be substantially identical to the Units offered in the IPO except that the Units purchased pursuant to this Agreement
(including the Class A ordinary shares and Warrants comprising such Units and the Warrant Shares) (i) will be subject to the transfer
restrictions described herein; (ii) will be entitled to registration rights; (iii) with respect to the Warrants underlying the Units purchased
to this Agreement, may not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule
5110(g)(8); and (iv) are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become
freely tradable only after certain conditions are met or the resale of the Units is registered under the Securities Act.

10 Governing Law;
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such territory.
The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

11 Assignment; Entire
Agreement; Amendment.

11.1 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by the Purchaser, without
the prior consent of the Company, to one or more persons agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof. Upon such assignment by a Purchaser,
the assignee(s) shall become Purchaser hereunder and have the rights and obligations provided for herein to the extent of such assignment.

11.2 Entire Agreement. This
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and
all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature.

11.3 Amendment.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated
other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought.

11.4 Binding upon
Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

12 Notices; Indemnity.

12.1 Notices.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, shall be addressed to the receiving partys
address set forth on the signature page hereto or to such other address as a party may designate by notice hereunder, and shall be either
(a) delivered by hand, (b) sent by overnight courier, or (c) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid. All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been given either (i) if by hand,
at the time of the delivery thereof to the receiving party at the address of such party set forth above, (ii) if sent by overnight
courier, on the next business day following the day such notice is delivered to the courier service, or (iii) if sent by certified
mail, on the fifth business day following the day such mailing is made.

12.2 Indemnification.
Subject to Section 8, each party shall indemnify the other party against any loss, cost or damages (including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth
in this Agreement.

13 Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign
the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of electronic delivery,
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

7

14 Survival; Severability.

14.1 Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing until one (1) year following
the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

14.2 Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability
shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

15 Headings.

The titles and subtitles
used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

16 Construction.

The parties hereto have participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring
any party hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes,
and including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter
genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice
versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof, hereby,
hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly
so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein will have independent significance.
If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists
another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which
such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such party hereto is in breach of the first representation,
warranty, or covenant.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

8

This subscription is accepted by the Company as of the date first written
above.

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted and agreed this 

14 day of January, 2025

Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division
of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

By: /s/ Jerry Serowik 

Name: Jerry Serowik 

Title: Senior Managing Director, Head of Capital Markets 

[Signature Page to Unit Subscription Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex10-3_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNITS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Unit Subscription Agreement
(this Agreement) is made as of this 14th day of January, 2025, by and between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), having its principal place of business at 2021 Fillmore St. #2089,
San Francisco, California 94115, and Seaport Global Securities LLC (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to the Purchaser on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of 40,500
Units (the Initial Units) of the Company, each Initial Unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share of
the Company, par value $0.0001 per share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrants) to purchase one Class A
ordinary share (the Warrant Shares) to be governed by the Warrant Agreement (defined herein), for a purchase price
of $405,000, or $10.00 per Initial Unit, and up to 6,075 units (Additional Units and together with the Initial Units,
the Units), each Additional Unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Warrant, for a
purchase price of $60,750, or $10.00 per Additional Unit. As provided in the Registration Statement (defined below), the Warrants are
exercisable during the period commencing 30 days following the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (defined
below) and will expire on the seventh anniversary of the consummation of the Business Combination (provided that so long as the Private
Warrants are held by the Purchaser or its designees, the Purchaser or its designees will not be permitted to exercise such Warrants after
the five year anniversary of the commencement of sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)).

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires
to purchase the Units on the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Company wishes to accept such subscription.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

1 Agreement to Subscribe.

1.1 Purchase and
Issuance of the Initial Units. For the aggregate sum of $405,000 (the
Initial Purchase Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby agrees
to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Purchaser, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.2)
an aggregate of 40,500 Initial Units at $10.00 per Initial Unit.

In addition to the foregoing,
the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase up to an additional 6,075 Additional Units at $10.00 per Additional Unit for a purchase price
of $60,750 (the Additional Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase Price).
The purchase and issuance of the Additional Units shall occur only in the event that the underwriters 45-day over-allotment option
(Over-Allotment Option) in the Offering is exercised in full or part. The total number of Additional Units to be
purchased hereunder shall be in the same proportion as the amount of the Over-Allotment Option that is exercised. Each purchase of Additional
Units shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of any portion of the Over-Allotment Option.

1.2 Closing.
The closing (the Closing) of the Offering shall take place by electronic exchange of executed

documents simultaneously with the consummation
of the Companys initial public offering (IPO) and the consummation of the exercise of all or any portion of
the Over-Allotment Option (each a Closing Date).

1.3 Delivery of the Purchase
Price. The Initial Purchase Price or the Additional Purchase Price, as applicable, shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available
funds or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable to the company, to the trust account (the "Trust Account")
at a financial institution chosen by the Company, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York Corporation
("Continental"), on or prior to each Closing Date.

1.4 Delivery of
Unit Certificate. Upon the applicable Closing Date after delivery of the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1.3, the Purchaser
shall become irrevocably entitled to receive a unit certificate representing the Units purchased hereunder.

2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser.

The Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to the Company that:

2.1 No Government
Recommendation or Approval. It understands that no United States federal or state agency or similar agency of any other country has
passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Company, the Offering, the Units, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, or the
Class A ordinary shares underlying the Units (excluding the Warrant Shares, the Unit Shares and, collectively
with the Units, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares, the Securities).

2.2 Organization. It is a company,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction and possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.3 Private Offering.
It is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or it is not a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902
of Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act. It acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being
made in reliance on a private placement exemption to Accredited Investors within the meaning of Section 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law or a non-U.S. Person under Regulation S.

2.4 Authority.
This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Purchaser and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

2.5 No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Purchasers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Purchaser
is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

2.6 No Legal Advice
from Company. It acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for
any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto,
it is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives
or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
securities laws of any jurisdiction.

2.7 Access to Information;
Independent Investigation. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers
from representatives of the Company concerning an investment in the Company, as well as the finances, operations, business and prospects
of the Company, and the opportunity to obtain additional information to verify the accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining
whether to make this investment, it has relied solely on its own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon
its own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph. It understands that no person has been authorized
to give any information or to make any representations which were not furnished pursuant to this Section 2 and it has not relied
on any other representations or information in making its investment decision, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations
and/or its prospects.

2.8 Reliance on
Representations and Warranties. It understands the Units are being offered and sold to it in reliance on exemptions from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Company is
relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Purchaser
set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2

2.9 No Advertisements.
It is not subscribing for the Units as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published
in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting.

2.10 Legend.
It acknowledges and agrees the certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend),
in form and substance as set forth in Section 4 hereof, prohibiting the offer, sale, pledge or transfer of the securities, except
(i) pursuant to an effective registration statement covering these securities under the Securities Act or (ii) pursuant to any
other exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and such laws which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company,
is available.

2.11 Experience,
Financial Capability and Suitability. It is (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits
of the investment in the Securities and (ii) able to bear the economic risk of his investment in the Securities for an indefinite
period of time because the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has substantial experience in evaluating and
investing in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of
its investment in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing
in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment
in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests.

2.12 Investment
Purposes. It is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for its own account and not for the account or benefit of
any other person, and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof and it has no present arrangement to sell the
interest in the Securities to or through any person or entity. It shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Securities
unless in compliance with the Securities Act.

2.13 Restrictions
on Transfer. It acknowledges and understands the Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United
States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, and, if in the future,
it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise
transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption
from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144), if available, or (C) pursuant
to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable
securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. It agrees that if any transfer of its Securities or any interest therein is proposed
to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, it may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory
to the Company. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, it agrees it will not resell the Securities. It
further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to it for the resale of the Securities
until the one year anniversary following consummation of the initial Business Combination (defined below) of the Company, despite technical
compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

3 Representations
and Warranties of the Company.

The Company represents and
warrants to the Purchaser that:

3.1 Valid Issuance
of Share Capital. The total number of all classes of share capital which the Company has authority to issue is 200,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 1,000,000
preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each. As of the date hereof, the Company has issued 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares
(of which 750,000 Class B ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement relating to the IPO
(the "Registration Statement")) to the Companys sponsor, and the Companys sponsor has transferred an aggregate
of 75,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Companys independent director nominees, in each case at a price of $0.003 per share.
As of the date hereof, no preferred shares are issued and outstanding. All of the issued share capital of the Company has been duly authorized,
validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3

3.2 Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the warrant agreement to be entered into with Continental
on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Warrant Agreement) and the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of the Company (as applicable), as the case may be, each of the Securities will be duly and validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Units, the Warrant Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance
with, and the payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, and the Warrant Agreement, the Purchaser will have or receive good title to the Warrant
Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and pursuant
to the insider letter to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Insider Letter) and (ii) transfer
restrictions under federal and state securities laws.

3.3 Organization
and Qualification. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a Cayman Islands exempted company and has the
requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4 Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this
Agreement constitutes, and upon the execution and delivery thereof, the Warrants and Warrant Agreement, will constitute, valid and binding
obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement
of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.5 No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default under any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) conflict with any law statute, rule or
regulation to which the Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any
federal, state or foreign securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration
statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation
to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory
entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof.

4 Legends.

4.1 Legend.
The Company will issue the Units, the Warrants and the Unit Shares, and when issued, the Warrant Shares purchased by the Purchaser, in
the name of the Purchaser. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THESE SECURITIES (i) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
(B) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO THE RESALE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN RULE 905 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE
OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. THESE SECURITIES ARE DEEMED UNDERWRITERS COMPENSATION BY THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY (FINRA)
AND ARE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS IN ACCORDANCE WITH FINRA RULE 5110.

4

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
ARE SUBJECT TO AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV AND SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES, LLC, AND MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD,
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF DURING THE TERM OF THE LOCKUP PURSUANT TO THE TERMS SET FORTH THEREIN.

4.2 Purchasers
Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Purchasers obligations and agreements to comply with
all applicable securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3 Companys
Refusal to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole
judgment of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under
the Securities Act, or (ii) pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws and (iii) in compliance herewith.

4.4 Registration
Rights. The Purchaser will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration
Rights Agreement) to be entered into with the Company on or prior to the closing of the IPO.

5 Lockup.

The Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that the Securities shall not be transferable, saleable or assignable until thirty (30) days after the consummation of an acquisition,
share exchange, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any other similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities (a Business Combination), except (a)(i) to the Companys sponsors members, (ii) the directors
or officers of the Company, the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members or the Purchaser, (iii) any affiliates
or family members of the directors or officers of the Company, the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members
or the Purchaser, (iv) any members or partners of the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members, the Purchaser
or their respective affiliates, or any affiliates of the Companys sponsor, the Companys sponsors members, the Purchaser,
or any employees of such affiliates,; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individuals immediate
family, any estate planning vehicle or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family, an
affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution
upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) in the case of a
trust by distribution to one or more permissible beneficiaries of such trust; (f) by private sales or transfers made in connection with
the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the private placement securities, as applicable,
were originally purchased; (g) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial Business
Combination;, or (h) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the Companys completion of an initial business combination;
(i) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands, by virtue of the Companys sponsors memorandum and articles of association
or other constitutional, organizational or formational documents, as amended, upon dissolution of the Companys sponsor, or by virtue
of the constitutional, organization or formational documents of a subsidiary of the Companys sponsor that holds the relevant securities,
upon liquidation or dissolution of such subsidiary, or the organizational documents of the Purchaser upon dissolution of the Purchaser;
or (j) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results
in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. Each Purchaser acknowledges that
the Private Placement Units and the related registration rights will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(FINRA) and will therefore, pursuant to Rule 5110(e) of the FINRA Manual, be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales in the Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions to permitted transferees
hereunder and in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2)(B). The private placement securities and the related registration rights may not
be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the economic disposition of such securities by any person for a period of five years immediately following the commencement
of sales in the Public Offering.

5

6 Securities Laws
Restrictions.

Each Purchaser agrees not
to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Securities unless, prior thereto (a) a registration
statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the Securities proposed
to be transferred shall then be effective or (b) the Company shall have received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction complies with the Securities Act and the rules promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws.

7 Waiver of Redemption
Rights.

In connection with the Securities
purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby waives any and all redemption rights (i) in connection with the Companys
completion of the Business Combination, (ii) upon the Companys failure to complete the Business Combination within 18 months from
the completion of the IPO or the liquidation of the Company prior to the expiration of such 18 month period or (iii) if the Company seeks
an amendment to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares (as defined below). In the event the Purchaser purchases Ordinary Shares in the IPO or
in the aftermarket (Public Shares), such Purchase shall be eligible to redeem any Public Shares upon the same terms offered
to all other holders of Ordinary Shares purchased in the IPO.

8 Rescission Right
Waiver and Indemnification.

8.1 Rescission Waiver.
The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act requires there be
no general solicitation of purchasers of the Units. In this regard, if the Offering were deemed to be a general solicitation with respect
to the Units, the offer and sale of such Units may not be exempt from registration and, if not, the Purchaser may have a right to rescind
its purchase of the Units. In order to facilitate the completion of the Offering and in order to protect the Company, its shareholders
and the Trust Account from claims that may adversely affect the Company or the interests of its shareholders, the Purchaser hereby agrees
to waive, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any claims, right to sue or rights in law or arbitration, as the case may
be, to seek rescission of its purchase of the Units as a result of the issuance of the Units being deemed to be in violation of Section 5
of the Securities Act. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees this waiver is being made in order to induce the Company to sell the Units
to the Purchaser. The Purchaser agrees the foregoing waiver of rescission rights shall apply to any and all known or unknown actions,
causes of action, suits, claims or proceedings (collectively, Claims) and related losses, costs, penalties,
fees, liabilities and damages, whether compensatory, consequential or exemplary, and expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable
attorneys and expert witness fees and disbursements and all other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any Claims, whether pending or threatened, in connection with any present or future actual or asserted right to rescind the purchase
of the Units hereunder or relating to the purchase of the Units and the transactions contemplated hereby.

8.2 No Recourse
Against Trust Account. The Purchaser agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever in connection
with its purchase of the Units or any Claim that may arise now or in the future, provided that nothing herein shall preclude Purchaser
from making any Claim or seeking recourse against the funds held outside of the Trust Account or seeking payment of any deferred underwriting
fee due and payable pursuant to the underwriting agreement between the Company, Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B.
Financial Group, LLC and Seaport Global Securities as representatives of the underwriters, in connection with the IPO (the Underwriting
Agreement).

8.3 Section 8 Waiver.
The Purchaser agrees that to the extent any waiver of rights under this Section 8 is ineffective as a matter of law, the Purchaser
has offered such waiver for the benefit of the Company as an equitable right that shall survive any statutory disqualification or bar
that applies to a legal right. The Purchaser acknowledges the receipt and sufficiency of consideration received from the Company hereunder
in this regard.

6

9 Terms of the Unit.

The Units purchased pursuant
to this Agreement shall be substantially identical to the Units offered in the IPO except that the Units purchased pursuant to this Agreement
(including the Class A ordinary shares and Warrants comprising such Units and the Warrant Shares) (i) will be subject to the transfer
restrictions described herein; (ii) will be entitled to registration rights; (iii) with respect to the Warrants underlying the Units purchased
to this Agreement, may not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule
5110(g)(8); and (iv) are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become
freely tradable only after certain conditions are met or the resale of the Units is registered under the Securities Act.

10 Governing Law;
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such territory.
The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

11 Assignment; Entire
Agreement; Amendment.

11.1 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by the Purchaser, without
the prior consent of the Company, to one or more persons agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof. Upon such assignment by a Purchaser,
the assignee(s) shall become Purchaser hereunder and have the rights and obligations provided for herein to the extent of such assignment.

11.2 Entire Agreement. This
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and
all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature.

11.3 Amendment.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated
other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought.

11.4 Binding upon
Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

12 Notices; Indemnity.

12.1 Notices.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, shall be addressed to the receiving partys
address set forth on the signature page hereto or to such other address as a party may designate by notice hereunder, and shall be either
(a) delivered by hand, (b) sent by overnight courier, or (c) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid. All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been given either (i) if by hand,
at the time of the delivery thereof to the receiving party at the address of such party set forth above, (ii) if sent by overnight
courier, on the next business day following the day such notice is delivered to the courier service, or (iii) if sent by certified
mail, on the fifth business day following the day such mailing is made.

12.2 Indemnification.
Subject to Section 8, each party shall indemnify the other party against any loss, cost or damages (including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth
in this Agreement.

13 Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign
the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of electronic delivery,
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

7

14 Survival; Severability.

14.1 Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing until one (1) year following
the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

14.2 Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability
shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

15 Headings.

The titles and subtitles
used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

16 Construction.

The parties hereto have participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring
any party hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes,
and including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter
genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice
versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof, hereby,
hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly
so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein will have independent significance.
If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists
another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which
such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such party hereto is in breach of the first representation,
warranty, or covenant.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

8

This subscription is accepted by the Company as of the date first written
above.

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted and agreed this 

14th day of January, 2025

Seaport Global Securities LLC

By: /s/ Jack Mascone 

Name: Jack Mascone 

Title: Head of Capital Markets 

[Signature Page to Unit Subscription Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex10-4_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST ACCOUNT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management Trust Agreement (this
Agreement) is made effective as of January 14, 2025, by and between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV, a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281144) (the Registration Statement), and prospectus (the Prospectus)
for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one of the Companys
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (each, an Ordinary Share), and one-half of one redeemable warrant,
each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share (such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as
the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;
and

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an
Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B.
Financial Group, LLC (Cohen) and Seaport Global Securities LLC (Seaport and, together
with Cohen, the Representatives), as representatives of the several underwriters (the Underwriters)
named therein; and

WHEREAS, as described in the Prospectus,
$151,500,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private
Placement Securities (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) (or $174,225,000
if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held
in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the
Company and the holders of Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered
to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property, the shareholders
for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public
Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
a portion of the Property up to $6,000,000, or up to $6,900,000
if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions
that may be payable by the Company to the Underwriters upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) (the Deferred
Discount); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire
to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants of Trustee.
The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee located in the United States at JP Morgan
Chase, NA. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more) and at a brokerage institution
selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In a timely manner, upon the written instruction
of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the
conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, (ii) hold the Property as uninvested cash
or (iii) hold the Property in an interest or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated
assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that the Trust
Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder; and while invested
or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect and receive, when due, all interest or
other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company and the Representatives
of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information or documents
as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation of tax returns relating
to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation or completion of the audit of the Companys financial
statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting
or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly written statements
of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only
after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company (Termination Letter)
in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief
Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel, Secretary or Chairman of the board of
directors of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of the Company, and complete the liquidation of
the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable or owed and in the case of Exhibit B, less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released to the
Company to pay dissolution expenses), it being understood that the Trustee has no obligation to monitor or question the Companys
position that an allocation has been made for taxes payable, only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred
to therein; provided, that, in the case a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A is received, (y) upon the date which is eighteen
(18) months after the closing of the Offering, or such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve, or such later
date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, as it may be amended from time to time, or (z)
upon the end of a 30-day cure period after the date an additional amount was to be deposited in the Trust Account following the Offering
as a requirement of any extension granted by shareholder vote, if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such
date, in which case, the Trust Account shall be liquidated by the Trustee in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination
Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released
to the Company to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of any taxes payable or owed), shall be distributed to the
Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

2

(j) Upon written request from the Company, which
may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a Tax Payment Withdrawal
Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested
by the Company to cover any tax obligation owed by the Company as a result of assets of the Company or interest or other income earned
on the Property, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment,
and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority; provided, however, that to the extent there
is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account
as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution so long as there is no reduction in the aggregated principal
amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, further, however, that if the tax to be paid
is a franchise tax, the written request by the Company to make such distribution shall be accompanied by a copy of the franchise tax bill
for the Company and a written statement from the principal financial officer of the Company setting forth the actual amount payable (it
being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust
Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said
funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request from the Company, which
may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder Redemption
Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company to be used
to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to
the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination)
or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within eighteen (18) months
from the closing of the Offering or during any Extension Period, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive
evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(l) Not make any withdrawals or distributions from
the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j) and (k) above.

2. Agreements and Covenants of the Company.
The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder
in writing, signed by a Co-Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer,
General Counsel or Secretary. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof,
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it,
in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions,
provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee
harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including reasonable outside counsel
fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any
action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in
any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the
Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after
the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee
intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred
to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified
Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company,
which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule
A hereto, which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall
not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(j) hereof.
The Company shall pay the Trustee upon receipt of an invoice from the Trustee. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees
or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c) and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

3

(d) In connection with any vote of the Companys
shareholders regarding a Business Combination, provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the
shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representatives with a copy of any
Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust
Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Expressly provide in any Instruction Letter (as
defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection with a Termination Letter in the Form of Exhibit A that the Deferred Discount be paid directly
to the account or accounts directed by the Representatives; and

(g) Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions
that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that are not permitted under
this Agreement.

3. Limitations of Liability. The Trustee
shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform duties, inquire or
otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect to the Property,
other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any party except for liability arising out of the
Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute any proceeding for the collection of
any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the Property
unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced
or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any reasonably incurred expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority of any person designated
by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company
shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto or to anyone else for
any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees best
judgment, except for the Trustees, or its representatives, gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may
rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including
counsel chosen by the Trustee with written notification to the Company, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement,
instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions,
but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable
care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand,
or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument
delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall
give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of the information contained
in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance that any Business Combination
entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(i) File information returns with respect to the
Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting the
taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

4

(j) Prepare, execute and file tax reports, income
or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust Account, regardless
of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, franchise and income tax obligations,
except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve
the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has
no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust
Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. In
the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b)
or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account
and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate
as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company
that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which
the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor
trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement (whether following the Trustee giving notice
that it desires to resign under this Agreement or the Company otherwise electing to replace the Trustee under this Agreement), the Trustee
shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the
reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that
in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the
Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever;

(b) At such time that the Trustee has completed the
liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property
in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b); or

(c) If the Offering is not consummated within ten
(10) business days of the date of this Agreement, in which case any funds received by the Trustee from the Company, or Plum
Partners IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor) or the Representatives, for purposes
of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company, the Sponsor or the Representatives, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge
that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust Account. The Company
and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized persons. Each
party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such confidential
information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied
to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys
bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees or its representatives gross negligence,
fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or out-of-pocket expense resulting from any error
in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

5

(c) This Agreement contains the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Section 1(i), 1(j), 1(k) or
1(l) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of sixty five percent (65%) of the then
outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company voting together as a single class;
provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has otherwise indicated his, her or its election to redeem his,
her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote sought to amend this Agreement), this Agreement or any provision hereof
may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction
and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder.
AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or request to be given in
connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private
courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by electronic mail or by facsimile transmission:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San
Francisco, California 94115 

Attn: Kanishka Roy

Email: kanishka@plumpartners.com

in each case, with copies to:

Greenberg Traurig, LLP

1750 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000

McLean, Virginia 22102 Attn: Alan Annex, Esq., Jason Simon,
Esq., Tricia Branker, Esq.

Email: Alan.Annex@gtlaw.com; Jason.Simon@gtlaw.com; and brankert@gtlaw.com

if to Cohen, to:

Cohen & Company Capital Markets, LLC

3 Columbus Circle, Suite 1710

New York, NY 10019

Attn: Brandon Sun

if to Seaport, to:

Seaport Global Securities LLC

360 Madison Avenue

22nd Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Jack Mascone

Email: SPACCapitalMarkets@seaportglobal.com

6

in each case with respect to Cohen and Seaport, with copies
to:

Ropes & Gray LLP

1211 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Christopher J. Capuzzi, Esq.

Email: Christopher.Capuzzi@ropesgray.com

(f) This Agreement may not be assigned by the Trustee
without the prior consent of the Company.

(g) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents
that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations
as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account,
including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(h) This Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee
and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall
not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(i) This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same
instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

(j) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges
and agrees that each of the Representatives is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(k) Except as specified herein, no party to this
Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the prior written consent
of the other party.

[Signature page follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment
Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee

By: /s/ Francis Wolf

Name: Francis Wolf

Title: Vice President

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement]

8

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and Method of Payment Amount 

Initial acceptance fee Initial closing of the Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500 

Annual fee First year fee payable at initial closing of the Offering by wire transfer, thereafter on the anniversary of the effective date of the Offering by wire transfer or check. $ 10,000 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i) and 1(j) Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Sections 1(i) and 1(j) $ 250 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Section 1(i) and 1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Section 1(i) and 1(k) Prevailing rates 

9

EXHIBIT A

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

Insert date

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment
Management Trust Agreement between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 14, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise
you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business) to consummate a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with the Target Business (the Business
Combination) on or about insert date. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the
actual date (or such shorter time period as you may agree) of the consummation of the Business Combination (Consummation Date).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds into the above-referenced
trust operating account at JP Morgan Chase, NA to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the Trust Account
will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial
Group, LLC (the Representative) (with respect to the Deferred Discount) and the Company shall direct on the Consummation
Date. It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at JP Morgan Chase, NA awaiting
distribution, neither the Company nor the Representative will earn any interest.

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company
shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated substantially, concurrently
with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification) and (ii) the Company shall
deliver to you (a) an affidavit or a certificate by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, which verifies
that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) joint written
instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
payment of the Deferred Discount from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized
to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance
with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation
Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should
remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net
of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust
Agreement shall be terminated.

10

In the event that the Business Combination is not
consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the original Consummation
Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the funds held in the Trust
Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation
Date as set forth in the notice as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours,

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV 

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial
Group, LLC

11

EXHIBIT B

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

Insert date

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms, Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment
Management Trust Agreement between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 14, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise
you that the Company has been unable to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with a Target Business (the Business Combination) within the time frame specified in the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds into the trust operating
account at JP Morgan Chase, NA to await distribution to the Public Shareholders, less taxes payable or owed and up to $100,000 to cover
dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer
(via wire transfer) such $_____ promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

The Company has selected [] as the effective
date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds.
You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to
the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated,
except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours, 

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV 

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial
Group, LLC

12

EXHIBIT C

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

Insert date

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the Investment
Management Trust Agreement between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 14, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby
requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay for the tax
obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby
directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating
account at:

WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION

Very truly yours, 

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV 

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial
Group, LLC

13

EXHIBIT D

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

Insert date

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Re: Trust Account - Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal
Instruction

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of the Investment Management
Trust Agreement between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
(the Trustee), dated as of January 14, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests
that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders on behalf of the Company $[] of the principal and interest income earned on
the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay its Public
Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote to
approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or
timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to
redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within such time as is described
in the Companys amended and restated certificate of memorandum and articles of association or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to
transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with
your customary procedures.

Very truly yours, 

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV 

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex10-5_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, AMONG THE COMPANY, THE SPONSOR AND THE OTHER HOLDERS (AS DEFINED THEREIN) SIGNATORY THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of January 14, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Plum Acquisition
Corp. IV, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Plum Partners IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Sponsor), Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (Cohen),
Seaport Global Securities LLC (Seaport and together with Cohen, the Representatives), as representatives
of the underwriters in the Companys initial public offering (IPO), and any other parties listed on the signature
page hereto (together with the Sponsor, Cohen, Seaport and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant
to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, the Holders and, each, a Holder).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Sponsor have entered into that certain Subscription Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2024, pursuant to which the Sponsor subscribed for
an aggregate of 7,665,900 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Founder Shares);

WHEREAS, the Sponsor subsequently
transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of the Companys three independent directors (an aggregate of 75,000 Founder Shares) (the
Sponsor and the Companys three independent directors, the Initial Shareholders);

WHEREAS, the Sponsor subsequently
surrendered 1,915,900 Founder Shares for no consideration such that the Initial Shareholders currently hold an aggregate of 5,750,000
Founder Shares, (which includes up to 750,000 shares that are subject to forfeiture by the holders thereof depending on the extent to
which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised);

WHEREAS, the Founder Shares
are convertible into the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares),
at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment,
on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended
from time to time;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof,
the Company and the Sponsor entered into that certain Unit and Restricted Share Subscription Agreement (the Sponsor Unit and
Restricted Share Subscription Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase 440,000 units (including if the
underwriters in the Companys IPO exercise their over-allotment option) (the Sponsor Private Placement Units)
and 570,000 restricted Ordinary Shares (the Restricted Private Placement Shares), in a private placement transaction
occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys IPO, each Sponsor Private Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share
(the Sponsor Private Placement Share) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Sponsor Private Placement
Warrant), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share,
and

1

WHEREAS, on the date
hereof, the Company and Cohen entered into that certain Unit Subscription Agreement (the Cohen Unit Subscription
Agreement) pursuant to which Cohen agreed to purchase 162,000 units (or up to 186,300 units depending on the extent to
which the underwriters in the Companys IPO exercise their over-allotment option) (the Cohen Private Placement
Units), in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys IPO, each
Cohen Private Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Cohen Private Placement Share) and one-half
of one redeemable warrant (the Cohen Private Placement Warrant), with each whole warrant entitling the holder
thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof,
the Company and Seaport entered into that certain Unit Subscription Agreement (the Seaport Unit Subscription Agreement
and together with the Sponsor Unit and Restricted Share Subscription Agreement and the Cohen Subscription Agreement, the Subscription
Agreements), pursuant to which Seaport agreed to purchase 40,500 units (or up to
46,575 units depending on the extent to which the underwriters in the Companys IPO exercise their over-allotment option) (the
Seaport Private Placement Units and, together with the Sponsor Private Placement Units and the Cohen Private Placement
Units, the Private Placement Units), in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing
of the Companys IPO, each Seaport Private Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Seaport Private Placement
Share and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Shares and the Cohen Private Placement Shares, the Private
Placement Shares) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Seaport Private Placement Warrant and,
together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants and the Cohen Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants),
with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50;

WHEREAS, in order to finance
the Companys transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of an initial Business Combination, Sponsor and
any of its affiliates or any of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of
which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into an additional 150,000 units of the Company (such units, the Working
Capital Units) at a price of $10.00 per Working Capital Unit at the option of the lender, each consisting of one Ordinary Share
(the Working Capital Share) and one-half of one warrant (such warrant, a Working Capital Warrant);

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect
to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Article 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The
terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chairman, the
chief executive officer of the Company or chief financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would
be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not
to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein
(in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading,
(ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed and (iii) the Company
has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public.

2

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one
or more businesses, involving the Company.

Cohen
Private Placement Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Cohen Private Placement
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Cohen Private Placement
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Cohen Unit Subscription
Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Commission
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof.

Founder Shares
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares, the period ending on the earlier of (A) one year
after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Companys initial
Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Companys initial Business Combination or
(y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or
other property.

3

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys
officers, directors and director nominees.

Maximum Number of
Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made) not misleading.

Ordinary Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Restricted Shares Lock-up Period, the Private Placement Lock-up Period or
any other lock-up period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter, the Subscription Agreements and any other applicable agreement
between such Holder and the Company and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Warrants that are held by the initial purchasers of such Private
Placement Warrants or their Permitted Transferees, and any of the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of
the Private Placement Warrants and that are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their Permitted Transferees,
the period ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

4

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares and the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the conversion of any Founder Shares, (b) the
Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, and Private Placement Warrants (including any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon
the exercise of any such Private Placement Warrants), (c) the Restricted Private Placement Shares, (d) any outstanding Ordinary Shares
or any other equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the
Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement, (e) any Working Capital Units, Working Capital Shares, and Working Capital
Warrants (including any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of the Working Capital Warrants), and (f) any other
equity security of the Company sold or issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Share by way of a share dividend or share
sub-division or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off or reorganization; provided,
however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a
Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities
shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall
have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been
delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act;
(C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act (but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations); or (E) such securities have been
sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses
shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing
fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities
exchange on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed;

(B) fees and expenses of compliance
with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of outside counsel for the Underwriters in connection with
blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone
and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company;

5

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements
of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses
of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration to be registered
for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement
shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the
Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration
statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Representatives
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Restricted Private
Placement Shares are to the restricted Class A ordinary shares issued to our Sponsor in a private placement solely for the
benefit of the non-managing investors (as defined in a Registration Statement or Prospectus), which shares will be transferrable to the
non-managing investors only upon consummation of a business combination.

Restricted Shares
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Restricted Private Placement Shares, three months after the completion
of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Seaport Private
Placement Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Seaport Private
Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Seaport Private
Placement Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Seaport Unit Subscription
Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Sponsor Private
Placement Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private
Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private
Placement Unit Purchase Agreements shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

6

Sponsor Private
Placement Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Subscription Agreements
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration
or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter
in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Working Capital
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Article 2

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for
Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from
time to time on or after the date the Company consummates the initial Business Combination, (i) the Holders of at least thirty
percent (30%) in interest of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities or (ii) the Representatives and/or their
respective designees (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration under the Securities
Act of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be
included in such Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand
Registration). The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify,
in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter
wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration
(each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a
Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the
Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to
the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to
a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable, the Registration of all Registrable
Securities requested by the Demanding Holder(s) and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant to such Demand Registration, including by filing a
Registration Statement relating thereto as soon as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the
Companys receipt of the Demand Registration. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an
aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any
or all Registrable Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or
any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become effective
and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting Holders in
such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

7

2.1.2 Effective Registration.
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a
Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with
respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has
complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement
has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently
interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration
Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop
order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating
such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing,
but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to
file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant
to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering.
Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand
Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to
include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten
Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein.
All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest
of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of
Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand
Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the
dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell,
taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares,
if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held
by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be
sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or
the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the
Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows:
(i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the
respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in
such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders
have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro
Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the
Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders (Pro Rata,
based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (iii) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is
obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

8

2.1.5 Demand Registration
Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting
Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant
to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters
(if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the
Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the Company may effect any Underwritten Registration pursuant to any then effective Registration
Statement, including a Form S-3, that is then available for such offering and (ii) the Company shall be responsible for the Registration
Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback
Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates an initial Business Combination, the Company proposes to
file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other
obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of
shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement
(i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of
securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity
securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed
filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated
filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in
such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in
such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such
number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice
(such Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable
Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or
Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1
to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in
such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended
method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten
Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the
Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

9

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback
Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration,
in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that
the dollar amount or number of the Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Ordinary Shares,
if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other
than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested
pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant
to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities,
then:

(a)If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first,
the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A),
the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1
hereof, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested exercising its rights to
register its Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A)
and (B), the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration
rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(b)If
the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company
shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting
persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause
(A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1,
pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten
Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Underwritten
Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other equity
securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and
(D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B)
and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated
to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Securities.

10

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration
Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason
whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw
from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such
Piggyback Registration (or in the case of an Underwritten Registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at least two business
days prior to the time of pricing of the applicable offering). The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result
of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed
with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in
connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback
Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted
as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Registrations on
Form S-3. The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company,
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale
of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration statement that may be available at
such time pursuant to this Section 2.3 (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be
obligated to effect such request through an Underwritten Offering. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written
request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written
notice of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable
Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration on
Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the
Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such
written request for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall file a Registration Statement relating to all or such portion of
such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of
Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by
such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to
Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the Holders of Registrable
Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration,
propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less
than $5,000,000.

11

2.4 Restrictions on Registration
Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the
date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration
and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.1
and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective;
(B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of
underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board, such Registration would be seriously
detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement
at such time, then in each case, the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board, the chief
executive officer of the Company or chief financial officer of the Company stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would
be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential
to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period
of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in
any 12-month period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not be required to effect
or permit any Registration or cause any Registration Statement to become effective, with respect to any Registrable Securities held by
any Holder, until after the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period, the Restricted Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement
Lock-Up Period, as the case may be.

Article 3

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures.
If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates an initial Business Combination the Company is required to effect the Registration
of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with
the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement have been sold;

12

3.1.2 prepare and file with
the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as
may be reasonably requested by the majority-in-interest of the Holders with Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement
or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration
form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until
all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth
in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration
Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as
proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and
such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel
for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering
of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such
action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such
other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts
and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement
to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take
any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise
so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable
Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are
then listed;

13

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent
or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration
Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of
such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by
the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop
order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days
prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus
furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at
any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening
of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement,
and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative
of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney
or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the
Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested
by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however,
that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information;

3.1.11 obtain a cold
comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration,
in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter
may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable
Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company
for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if
any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement
agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters,
and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten
Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter
of such offering;

14

3.1.14 make available to its
security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning
with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies
the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder;

3.1.15 if the Registration involves
the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available
senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by
the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith,
cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses.
The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall
bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts,
brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all
reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements for Participation
in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to
a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis
provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers
of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under
the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales;
Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement,
each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented
or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement
or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the
use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of
any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration
Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may,
upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such
Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company
to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend,
immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection
with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period
during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

15

3.5 Reporting
Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting
company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable
grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants
that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable
such Holder to sell Ordinary Shares held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the
exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of
any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has
complied with such requirements.

3.6 Limitations on Registration
Rights. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Underwriters and/or their respective designees may not exercise its
rights under Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereunder after five (5) and seven (7) years after the commencement of sales relating to the Companys
initial public offering, respectively, and (ii) the Underwriters and/or their respective designees may not exercise its rights under Section
2.1 more than one (1) time.

Article 4

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to
indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors and agents and each person who
controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses
(including without limitation reasonable outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material
fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any
omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder
expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such
Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification
of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with
any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in
writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration
Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors, officers and agents and
each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
out-of-pocket expenses (including without limitation reasonable outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any
information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the
obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of
each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from
the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify
the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities
Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

16

4.1.3 Any person entitled to
indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks
indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder
to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit
such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense
is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its
consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume
the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such
indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist
between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all
respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which
settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release
from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided
for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified
party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company
and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested
by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable
for any reason.

4.1.5 If the
indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein,
then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the
indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or
indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder
under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering
giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to
above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3
above, any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any
investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection
4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from
any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

17

Article 5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice
or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party
to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier
service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile. Each notice or communication
that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received,
in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered
by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt
or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication
under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 2021 Fillmore St. #2089, San Francisco, California 94115, United States
of America, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, with a copy to: Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 1750 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000, McLean, Virginia
22102, Attention: Jason Simon, Esq. and Tricia Branker, Esq., and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or facsimile number
as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by
written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such
notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third
Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the
rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration
of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Restricted Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be,
no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in
connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee, but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees
to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

5.2.3 This Agreement and the
provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns
of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not
confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2
hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party
hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the
Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the
written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement
(which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as
provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

18

5.4 Governing Law; Venue.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO
AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION
OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS
OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS
TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

5.5 Amendments and Modifications.
Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in
question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions,
covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver
hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of the Company, in a manner that
is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing
between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising
any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single
or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any
other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other Registration
Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require
the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed
by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents
and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and
in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement
shall terminate with respect to any Holder on the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities. The provisions of
Section 3.5 and Article 4 shall survive any termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV,

a Cayman Islands exempted company

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

20

HOLDERS:

PLUM PARTNERS IV, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Managing Member

COHEN & COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS, 

A DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC,

By: /s/ Jerry Serowik

Name: Jerry Serowik

Title: Senior Managing Director, Head of Capital Markets

SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC

By: /s/ Jack Mascone

Name: Jack Mascone

Title: Head of Capital Markets

/s/ Anjai Gandhi

Name: Anjai Gandhi

/s/ Avanish Sahai

Name: Avanish Sahai

/s/ Allan Chou

Name: Allan Chou

[Signature Page to the
Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex10-6_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, AMONG THE COMPANY, THE SPONSOR AND EACH OF THE INITIAL SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

January
14, 2025

Plum Acquisition
Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

United States of America

Re: Initial
Public Offering

Ladies and
Gentlemen:

This
letter (this Letter Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) entered into or proposed to be entered into by and between Plum Acquisition Corp. IV, a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (Cohen)
and Seaport Global Securities LLC (Seaport and together with Cohen, the Underwriters), relating
to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 17,250,000 of the Companys units
(Units) (including up to 2,250,000 Units that may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any), each comprised
of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (each, an Ordinary Share), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant (each whole warrant, a Warrant). Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to
a registration statement on Form S-1 and a prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by the Company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In
order to induce the Company, Cohen and Seaport to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Plum Partners IV, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (Sponsor), and the other undersigned persons (each, an Insider and
collectively, the Insiders), each hereby agrees with the Company as follows:

1. Sponsor
and each Insider agrees with the Company that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection
with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any Shares owned by it, him or her in favor of any proposed
Business Combination (including any proposals recommended by the Companys board of directors in connection with such Business
Combination) and (ii) not redeem any Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval. If the Company
seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she
will not sell or tender ay Shares owned by it, him or her in connection therewith.

2. Sponsor
and each Insider hereby agrees with the Company that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within
18 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve,
or such later period approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, as they may be amended from time to time, Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause
the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering
(the Offering Shares), at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses
and which interest shall be net of taxes payable) and amounts not previously released to the Company to (i) fund its working capital
purposes and (ii) pay taxes, if any, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish all Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Companys
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Sponsor and each
Insider agrees to not propose any amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business
Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months
from the closing of the Public Offering, or such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve, or such
later period approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon approval
of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Offering Shares.

Sponsor
acknowledges and agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth
in the Charter, it hereby waives its right to be repaid from the Trust Account for any working capital loans to such date, that it or
its

affiliates
or designees have provided to the Company.

Sponsor
and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust
Account or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Shares or Restricted Private Placement Shares held by it, him or her. Sponsor and each Insider hereby further waives, with respect to
any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares, Restricted Private Placement Shares and Offering Shares held by it, him or her, if any,
any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection with (x) the consummation of an initial Business Combination, including,
without limitation, any such rights available in the context of a shareholder vote to approve such Business Combination or in the context
of a tender offer made by the Company to purchase Ordinary Shares and (y) a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the
Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or such earlier
liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve, or such later period approved by the Companys shareholders
in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or (ii) with respect to any
other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (although Sponsor and the Insiders
shall be entitled to redemption and liquidation rights with respect to any Offering Shares it or they hold if the Company fails to consummate
a Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the closing of the Public Offering, or such earlier liquidation date as the
Companys board of directors may approve, or such later period approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with
the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association).

3. Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b) below, during the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting
Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, Sponsor and each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent of Cohen and Seaport,
offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction that is designed to, or might reasonably
be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or
otherwise)), directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position
within the meaning of Section 16 (Section 16) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, with respect to, any Units, Shares, Warrants, Private Placement
Units, Private Placement Warrants, Restricted Private Placement Shares, Working Capital Units, Working Capital Warrants, or in each case
the Ordinary Shares underlying such units and warrants, or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary
Shares, owned by it, him or her, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of
the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Shares, Warrants, Private Placement Units, Private Placement Warrants, Restricted
Private Placement Shares, Working Capital Units, Working Capital Warrants, or in each case the Ordinary Shares underlying such units
and warrants, or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary Shares, owned by it, him or her, whether
any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) or publicly announce an intention
to effect any such transaction; provided, however, that the foregoing does not apply to the forfeiture of any Founder Shares
pursuant to their terms or any transfer of Founder Shares to any current or future independent director of the Company (as long as such
current or future independent director transferee is subject to this Letter Agreement or executes an agreement substantially identical
to the terms of this Letter Agreement, as applicable to directors and officers at the time of such transfer; and as long as, to the extent
any Section 16 reporting obligation is triggered as a result of such transfer, any related Section 16 filing includes a practical
explanation as to the nature of the transfer). The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if the release or waiver is effected solely
to permit a transfer not for consideration and the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this Letter
Agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer.

2

4. In
the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account, Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any other shareholders,
members or managers of Sponsor or any of the undersigned) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss,
liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the
Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party for services rendered (other than the Companys
independent registered public accountants) or products sold to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the
Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such
indemnification of the Company by Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for services
rendered (other than the Companys independent registered public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.10 per Offering Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Offering
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case, net of the amount of interest earned on the property in the Trust Account which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as
to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account, and except as to any
claims under the Companys indemnity of Cohen and Seaport against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, Sponsor shall
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such
claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within fifteen (15) days following written receipt of notice
of the claim to Sponsor, Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

5. To
the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 Units within forty-five
(45) days from the date of the Prospectus (and as described in the Prospectus, Sponsor agrees that it shall forfeit, at no cost, a number
of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal to 750,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 2,250,000 minus the
number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of its over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which
is 2,250,000. All references in this Letter Agreement to Founder Shares of the Company being forfeited shall take effect as surrenders
for no consideration of such Founder Shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the
over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters so that the number of Founder Shares will represent, on an as-converted
basis, an aggregate of 25.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding Shares after the Public Offering. The Initial Shareholders
further agree that to the extent that (i) the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased and (ii) Sponsor has
either purchased or sold Ordinary Shares or an adjustment to the number of Founder Shares has been effected by way of a share split,
share dividend, reverse share split, contribution back to capital or otherwise, in each case in connection with such increase or decrease
in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 2,250,000 in the numerator and denominator of the formula in the
immediately preceding sentence shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued
in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 750,000 in the formula set forth in the immediately preceding sentence shall be
adjusted to such number of Ordinary Shares that Sponsor would have to return to the Company in order to hold (together with the Founder
Shares held by the other undersigned) an aggregate of 25.0% of the sum of the Companys issued and outstanding Offering Shares
and Founder Shares immediately after the Public Offering.

3

6. Sponsor
and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) Cohen and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a
breach by Sponsor or Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7(a), 7(b), and 9 of this Letter Agreement
(ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to
seek injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.

7. (a) 
Subject to paragraph 7(d), Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer (as defined below) any Founder Shares
(or Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Ordinary
Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty (20) trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after
the Companys initial Business Combination or (y) the date following the completion of the Companys initial Business
Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property
(the Founder Shares Lock-up Period).

(b) 
Subject to paragraph 7(d), Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Restricted Private Placement Shares
until ninety (90) days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination (the Restricted Shares Lock-up
Period)

(c) Subject
to paragraph 7(d), Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Private Placement Units, Private Placement
Warrants, Working Capital Units, Working Capital Warrants or, in each case, the respective Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the
exercise or conversion of the Private Placement Warrants), until thirty (30) days after the completion of a Business Combination (the
Private Placement Units Lock-up Period, together with the Founder Shares Lock-up Period and the Restricted Shares
Lock-up Period, the Lock-up Periods).

(d) Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units, Private Placement
Warrants, Restricted Private Placement Shares, Working Capital Units, Working Capital Warrants and, in each case, the respective Ordinary
Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of such units and warrants or the Founder Shares, are permitted:

i. to
(1) Sponsors members, (2) the directors or officers of the Company, Sponsor
or Sponsors members, (3) any affiliates or family members of the directors or officers
of the Company, Sponsor or Sponsor s members, (4) any members or partners of Sponsor,
Sponsors members or their respective affiliates, or any affiliates of Sponsor, Sponsors
members, or any employees of such affiliates;

ii. in
the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate family,
or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family,
an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization;

iii. in
the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the
individual;

iv. in
the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

v. in
the case of a trust by distribution to one or more permissible beneficiaries of such trust;

vi. by
private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar
arrangement or in connection with the consummation of the Companys Business Combination
at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased;

vii. to
the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of its initial
Business Combination;

4

viii. in
the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the Companys completion of its
initial Business Combination;

ix. by
virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands, by virtue of Sponsors memorandum and articles
of association or other constitutional, organizational or formational documents, as amended,
upon dissolution of Sponsor, or by virtue of the constitutional, organizational or formational
documents of a subsidiary of Sponsor that holds any Private Placement Units, Private Placement
Warrants, Restricted Private Placement Shares, Working Capital Units, Working Capital Warrants
or any Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, upon liquidation or dissolution of such subsidiary;
and

x. in
the event of the Companys completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having
the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent
to the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, provided, however,
that, in the case of clauses (i) through (vi), these permitted transferees (the Permitted
Transferees) must enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing to
be bound by the transfer restrictions in this Agreement.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Restricted Private Placement Shares may only be transferred to the non-managing investors (as defined in the Prospectus)
upon closing of a Business Combination but, thereafter, transfers by the non-managing members are permissible as provided above.

8. Sponsor
and each Insider represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or
commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked. Each Insiders
biographical information furnished to the Company, if any (including any such information included in the Prospectus), is true and accurate
in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background. Each Insiders questionnaire
furnished to the Company, if any, is true and accurate in all respects. Each Insider represents and warrants that: it is not subject
to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from
any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to,
any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining
to any dealings in any securities and it is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

9. Except
as disclosed in the Prospectus, none of Sponsor, any Insider and any affiliate of Sponsor or any Insider and any director or officer
of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any repayment
of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate the consummation of the
Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than the following, none of which
will be made from the proceeds held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination: (i) repayment
of a loan and advances made to the Company by Sponsor or an affiliate of Sponsor; (ii) [payments to each of the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company of $20,833 per month for consulting services rendered to the Company, commencing upon closing
of the Public Offering, through the closing of the initial business combination, subject to availability of sufficient funds from working
capital held outside the Trust Account; (iii) engagement of the Sponsor, or one or more affiliates of the Sponsor, as an advisor or otherwise
in connection with an initial business combination and certain other transactions and payment to such persons or entities of a salary
or fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard for comparable transactions; (iv) payment of customary fees for financial
advisory services; (v) reimbursement for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing
an initial Business Combination; and (v) repayment of loans, if any, and on such terms as to be determined by the Company from
time to time, made by Sponsor or an affiliate of Sponsor or any of the Companys officers or directors to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial Business Combination; provided that if the Company does not consummate an initial Business
Combination, a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account may be used by the Company to repay such loaned amounts
so long as no proceeds from the Trust Account are used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Working
Capital Units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The Working Capital Units would be identical to the Private
Placement Units.

5

10.
Sponsor and each Insider, with respect to itself, herself or himself, represent and warrant that it, she or he has full right and
power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation
agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer
and/or director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or
director of the Company.

11. As
used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses; (ii) Shares
shall mean, collectively, the Ordinary Shares and the Founder Shares; (iii) Founder Shares shall mean the
5,750,000 Class B Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of
the Public Offering; (iv) Initial Shareholders shall mean Sponsor and any Insider that holds Founder Shares;
(v) Private Placement Units shall mean the 642,500 units (or up to 672,875 units if the over-allotment option is
exercised in full), subject to adjustment as described in the Prospectus, that Sponsor, Cohen and Seaport have, severally and not jointly,
agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $6,425,000, or up to $6,728,750 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full
(which purchase price, in the case of the Sponsor, also includes the purchase of the Restricted Private Placement Shares), in a private
placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, the portions of which are to be acquired by Sponsor,
Cohen and Seaport as disclosed in the Prospectus; (vi) Private Placement Warrants shall mean the warrants sold as
part of the Private Placement Units; (vii) Private Placement Shares shall mean the shares sold as part of the Private
Placement Units; (viii) Restricted Private Placement Shares are to the restricted Ordinary Shares, which shares
will become transferable only upon consummation of a business combination, that Sponsor has agreed to purchase together with the Private
Placement Units, for an aggregate purchase price of $4,400,000 including if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, in a private
placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering; (ix) Working Capital Units
shall mean the Private Placement-equivalent units that may be issued in connection with the conversion of any working capital loans;
(x) Working Capital Warrants shall mean the warrants underlying such Working Capital Units; (xi) Public
Shareholders shall mean the holders of securities issued in the Public Offering; (xii) Trust Account
shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering shall be deposited; and (xiii) Transfer
shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase
or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position
or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16, (b) entry into
any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security,
whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement
of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

12. This
Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they
relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended,
modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed
by (1) each Insider that is the subject of any such change, amendment, modification or waiver and (2) Sponsor.

13. No
party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate
to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Company, the Sponsor
and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The parties hereto
(i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue,
which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such
courts represent an inconvenient forum.

6

15. Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery
or facsimile or other electronic transmission.

16. Each
party hereto shall not be liable for any breaches or misrepresentations contained in this Letter Agreement by any other party to this
Letter Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Insider with respect to any other Insider), and no party shall be liable
or responsible for the obligations of another party, including, without limitation, indemnification obligations and notice obligations.

17. This
Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods and (ii) the liquidation of
the Company; provided, however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering
is not consummated and closed by January 31, 2025; provided further that paragraph 4 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such
liquidation.

18. This
Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

[Signature
page follows]

7

Sincerely,

PLUM PARTNERS IV, LLC

By: /s/
Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Managing Member

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

/s/ Kanishka
Roy

Name:
Kanishka Roy

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

/s/
Steven Handwerker

Name:
Steven Handwerker

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

/s/
Anjai Gandhi

Name:
Anjai Gandhi

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

/s/
Allan Chou

Name:
Allan Chou

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

/s/ Kanishka
Roy

Name:
Kanishka Roy

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

/s/
Avanish Sahai

Name:
Avanish Sahai

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

Acknowledged
and Agreed:

PLUM
ACQUISITION CORP. IV

By: /s/
Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: 

Chief
Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex10-7_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT, JANUARY 14, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND EACH OF THE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made
as of _______________, 2025.

Between:

(1) PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, 2021 Fillmore St. #2089, San Francisco,
California 94115, United States of America (the Company); and

(2) [] (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities
unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and
actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving
the Company and any of its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread
practice among publicly traded companies and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and
trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors,
officers and other persons in service to companies or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming
litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise
itself. The amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification
of the officers and directors of the Company. The Articles expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are
not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers
and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests
of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such
protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and
to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles so that they will serve
or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder;

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director, advisor or in another capacity without adequate protection, and
the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional
service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants
contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Company, Indemnitee and
other parties thereto pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the representative of the Underwriters named therein
in connection with the Companys initial public offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations
hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company,
as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders Indemnitees resignation
or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee
has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17.
This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company
beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary
of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a
director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a
subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in
Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any
of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than (i) Plum Partners IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or (ii) an
affiliate of Plum Partners IV, LLC (each a Sponsor Entity), any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial
Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of
the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the
relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number
of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the
Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election
by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors
then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively,
the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

2

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each
case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial
Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty-one percent (51%) of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the
Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation,
a company or corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets
either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such
Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than a Sponsor Entity, no Person
(excluding any company or corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of fifteen
percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
of the surviving company or corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at
least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company or corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors
at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series
of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring
the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with
such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule
14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether
or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner,
manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person
is or was serving at the request of the Company.

2.5 Delaware Court shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding
(as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent corporation (including any
constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a merger or consolidation to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is
a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is
or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent.

3

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including,
without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel
expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage,
delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection
with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal
of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding, including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which Indemnitee is
not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal
resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost
bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee
or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of
corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any
matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees
under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action
to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit
plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent
or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with
respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be
deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect
on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below)
of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly
or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and
(iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary of the Company
or of a company or corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as
their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation,
alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding,
whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims),
criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise
by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken
by Indemnitee or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or
by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner,
manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at
the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under
this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any company, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest
is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

4

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the
Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee
was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than
a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant
to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or
in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good
faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of
a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the
Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee
was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the
right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4,
Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith
and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee
shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding
was brought or the Delaware Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the
circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except
for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant
in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or
in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each
successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes
of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without
prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

5

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except
for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding
to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
and the Articles, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or
on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Section 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made
a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses,
judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection
with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7.1 on
account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duties to the Company or its shareholders or is
an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of applicable law.

7.2 Notwithstanding any limitation in Section 3, 4, 5 or 7.1, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be
made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all
Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable
in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law and the Articles, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration
rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu
of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee,
whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with
any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of
contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

8.2 The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would
be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

8.3 The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be
brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

6

9. EXCLUSIONS

The Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to
make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement
provision and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received
under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) prior to a Change in Control, other than as provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part
of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the
Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by
applicable law or the Articles, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be
incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of
a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability
to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under
the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce
this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed.
To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall
be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that
it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the
Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine,
penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment,
information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

7

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with
this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in Indemnitees
sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification
shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in
the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested
Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board (ii) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which
shall be delivered to Indemnitee; or (iii) by vote of the shareholders by ordinary resolution. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee
in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any
reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment
to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons
or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person,
persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from
disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including
attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company
hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof,
the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it
of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the
Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying
that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement.
In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall
have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent
Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is
so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is
withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been
selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall
have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent
Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so
appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration
pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such
capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent
Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant
hereto.

8

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection
with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company
(including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this
Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard
of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material
fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the
request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under
applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen
(15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires
such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon
a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely
affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which
Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding,
that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action
is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee
by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel
for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member or on
information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general
partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise,
its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section
13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to
have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under
this Agreement.

9

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, is not timely
made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment
of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days
after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section
8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after
a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless
or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request
therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution
or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a
single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association. Except
as set forth herein, the provisions of Delaware law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration.
The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as
a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any
judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, exonerated and to receive advances of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company
may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any
purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to
reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement
to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement
not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law.

10

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that
the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before
any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

14.5 The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles against
all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay
to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection
with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages
for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision
of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the
benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding
or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and Indemnitee for amounts which the
Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate for the period commencing with
the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of
any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15. SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for
Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide
security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other
collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at
any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise.
No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under
this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out
of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration
or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then
this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company
indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other
right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder
or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise,
shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

11

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including,
but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf
of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against Indemnitee or incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee or in such capacity as a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of Indemnitees status as such, whether or not the Company would have
the power to indemnify Indemnitee against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase,
establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations
of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties
thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees,
partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves
at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a
party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the
Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts
payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution
of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any
other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments
or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section
27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys
satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under
this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless,
exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein
shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner,
manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee
shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant
to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, whether or not Indemnitee is acting in any such capacity
at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

12

18. SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions
shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties
hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section,
paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself
invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby
in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee
is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect
successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee,
general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall
inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal
representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to
all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the
Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate,
impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties
hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance
hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance,
Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee
further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith.
The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a Court of competent
jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

13

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21. NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and received for by the party
to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, on such delivery, or (ii) if mailed by certified or registered mail
with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide
in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

With copies, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Greenberg Traurig LLP

1750 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000

McLean, Virginia 22102

Attn: Jason T. Simon, Esq and Tricia Branker, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee
in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties
shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict
of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, the Company
and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any
court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in
the Delaware Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware
Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of
this Agreement.

14

24. MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage
of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall
not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS

No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall
be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives
after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company
shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided,
however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement
any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other
procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection
with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby
waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse
against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including
in the form of an Electronic Record;

(b) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(c) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted
or replaced;

(d) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar expression
shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

the term and/or is used herein to mean both
and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies
the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive
and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

[Signature Page Follows]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

By: 

Name: []

Address: c/o Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea022788201ex99-1_plum4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Plum Acquisition Corp.
IV Announces Pricing of $150 Million Initial Public Offering

NEW YORK, NY, Jan. 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
-- Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 15,000,000
units at a price of $10.00 per unit on January 14, 2025. The units are expected to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under
the ticker symbol PLMKU beginning January 15, 2025. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one
redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of
$11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Company expects
that its Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols PLMK and PLMKW,
respectively. The offering is expected to close on January 16, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
The Company may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector but intends to capitalize on the ability
of its management team to identify, acquire and operate a business or businesses that can benefit from its management teams established
global relationships, sector expertise and active management and operating experience.

Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division
of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, is acting as lead book-running manager, and Seaport Global Securities is acting as joint book-runner.
The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional units at the initial public offering price
to cover over-allotments, if any.

The public offering is being made only by means
of a prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from Cohen & Company Capital Markets,
3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by email at: capitalmarkets@cohencm.com.

A registration statement relating to the securities
became effective on January 14, 2025. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy,
nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute
forward-looking statements, including with respect to the proposed initial public offering and the anticipated use of the
net proceeds from the offering. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described,
or at all, or that the Company will ultimately complete a business combination transaction. Forward-looking statements are subject to
numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the
Companys registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the Companys offering filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC). Copies of these documents are available on the SECs website, at www.sec.gov.
The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required
by law.

Contact

Kanishka Roy

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV 

Email: plumir@icrinc.com

Website: https://plumpartners.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>