<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-020295.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-020295.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304160524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-020295
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERNATIONAL TOWER HILL MINES LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001134115
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33638
		FILM NUMBER:		25704225

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BURRARD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1570
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3L6
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-683-6332

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BURRARD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1570
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3L6
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258228d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000113411500011341152025-02-262025-02-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of 

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2025

INTERNATIONAL
TOWER HILL MINES LTD.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

British
Columbia, Canada 001-33638 98-0668474

(State
or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
Incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

1570-200 Burrard Street 

Vancouver,
British Columbia, Canada V6C 3L6

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (604) 683-6332

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class: Trading
Symbol: Name
of each exchange on which 

registered:

Common
Shares, no par value THM NYSE American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 26, 2025, International Tower Hill Mines
Ltd. (the Company) entered into subscription agreements (collectively, the Subscription Agreements) relating
to a non-brokered private placement (the Private Placement) of 8,192,031 common shares of the Company at a price of US $0.4801
per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately US $3.93 million. The Private Placement was taken up by certain of the Companys
current major institutional shareholders consisting of Paulson & Co. Inc., Electrum Strategic Opportunities Fund II, LP and Kopernik
Global Investors, LLC on behalf of itself and affiliates. The Company closed the Private Placement on March 3, 2025. The Company intends
to use the net proceeds of the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes, including advancing antimony metallurgical
studies.

The Subscription Agreements contain customary representations
and warranties and covenants that the parties made to, and solely for the benefit of, each other in the context of all of the terms and
conditions of the Subscription Agreements and in the context of the specific relationship between the parties. The provisions of the Subscription
Agreements, including the representations and warranties contained therein, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties
to such agreements and are not intended as documents for investors and the public to obtain factual information about the current state
of affairs of the Company.

The foregoing description of the Subscription Agreements
is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the form of Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith
as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report is incorporated in this Section 3.02 by reference. The Company is relying on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for purposes of the Private Placement.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release
regarding the closing of the Private Placement. A copy of the press release is furnished with this report as Exhibit 99.1.

The information furnished under this Item 7.01, including
the press release, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly
set forth by reference to such filing.

Item 9.01. Exhibits.

Exhibit Description

10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement.

99.1 Press Release of the Company, dated March 4, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

International Tower Hill Mines Ltd.

(Registrant)

Dated: March 4, 2025 By: /s/ Karl Hanneman

Name: Karl Hanneman

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258228d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Subscription Agreement (this Agreement)
is made and entered into this 26th day of February, 2025, by and between International Tower Hill Mines Ltd., a company organized
under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (the Corporation), and the purchaser set forth on the signature
page hereof (the Purchaser).

Recitals:

A.The
Corporation desires to sell an aggregate of up to 8,192,031 common shares without par value in its capital stock (the Common
Shares) in a private placement offering (the Private Placement) at a subscription price of US$0.4801
per Common Share, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to US$3,932,995.

B.Pursuant
to terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Purchaser desires to subscribe for the number of Common Shares set forth on
the signature page hereto.

C.The
Common Shares subscribed for pursuant to this Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and the Corporation is offering Common Shares only to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501
of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act.

Agreement:

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

1.Subscription.

(a)Subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, the undersigned Purchaser hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase, and the Corporation agrees
to sell and issue to such Purchaser, that number of Common Shares set forth on the signature page hereto (the Purchased
Securities), at a subscription price of US$0.4801 per Common Share, for an aggregate purchase price as set forth on the signature
page hereto (the aggregate purchase price, the Purchase Price).

(b)The
Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchased Securities will be subject to restrictions on transfer as set forth in this Agreement. The
Purchaser further acknowledges that the Private Placement is being made without registration of the Purchased Securities under the Securities
Act or any securities law of any state of the United States or of any other jurisdiction.

(c)The
issue of the Purchased Securities will not restrict or prevent the Corporation from obtaining any other financing, or from issuing additional
securities, options, warrants or rights.

2.The
Closing. The closing of the purchase and sale of the Purchased Securities (the Closing) shall take place by
electronic means on the first trading day following the date hereof or at such other time and place as the Corporation and the Purchaser
may mutually agree.

3.Payment
for Securities. Payment for the Purchased Securities shall be received by the Corporation from the Purchaser by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account specified by the Corporation in writing at or prior to the Closing, in the amount of the aggregate
Purchase Price set forth on the signature page hereto. The Corporation shall deliver evidence of the issuance of such Purchasers
Purchased Securities hereunder as held in direct registration system (DRS) book-entry form by Computershare Investor
Services Inc., the Corporations registrar and transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) and registered in the name
of such Purchaser or of any nominee or custodian account(s) of such Purchasers broker(s), in either case bearing the legend
referred to in Section 7 of this Agreement.

4.Representations
and Warranties of the Corporation. The Corporation represents, warrants, covenants and certifies to and with the Purchaser that,
as of the date of this Agreement and at the Closing:

(a)The
Corporation is a valid and subsisting company incorporated and in good standing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, and
each of the Corporations subsidiaries is a valid and subsisting corporation organized and in good standing under the laws of its
respective jurisdiction of organization.

(b)This
Agreement has been or will be at the Closing duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Corporation, and the
Corporation has full corporate power and authority to undertake the Private Placement and to issue, sell and deliver the Purchased Securities.

(c)This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Corporation and, when accepted by the Corporation, will constitute a legal, valid
and binding obligation enforceable against the Corporation in accordance with the terms hereof, in each case subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity
principles.

(d)The
Corporation and each of its subsidiaries is duly registered and licensed to carry on business in each jurisdiction in which it carries
on business or owns property where required under the laws of that jurisdiction, except for those jurisdictions where the failure to
be so registered and licensed would not have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, properties or operations of the Corporation
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(e)The
Corporation has filed all required annual and quarterly reports, financial statements, proxy statements/information circulars, press
releases, material change reports and other documents required to be filed by or on behalf of the Corporation within the past 12 months
(collectively, the Public Filings) with The Toronto Stock Exchange (the TSX) and the NYSE American
LLC (together with the TSX, the Exchanges) and any regulatory authority in the United States and such other jurisdictions
in which the Corporation is required to make such filings, including, without limitation, the securities regulator in the Provinces of
British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario (the Canadian Securities Regulators) and the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC and, together with the Canadian Securities Regulators, the Commissions).
All of the Public Filings were true and correct in all material respects as at the respective dates of such filings, and did not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as at the respective dates of such filings.
There is not presently any material change, as defined in the Securities Laws (as defined below), relating to the Corporation or change
in any material fact, as defined in the Securities Laws, relating to the Corporation or any of the Purchased Securities, which has not
been fully disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Laws and the policies of the Exchanges.

-2- 

(f)Except
as set forth in the Public Filings, neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature
(whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) required by generally accepted accounting principles to be set forth on a consolidated
balance sheet of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries or in the notes thereto which, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Corporation or its subsidiaries.

(g)Except
as disclosed in the Public Filings filed and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement (the Filed Documents),
and except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, since the date of the most recent audited financial statements included in the
Filed Documents, the Corporation conducted its business only in the ordinary course, and there has not been (i) any material change
in the Corporation, (ii) any declaration setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash stock or
property) with respect to any of the Corporations capital stock, (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any
of its capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for shares of its capital stock, (iv) (x) any granting by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries to any officer of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries of any increase in compensation, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior
practice or as was required under employment agreements in effect as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements included
in the Filed Documents, (y) any granting by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries to any officer of any increase in severance
or termination pay, except as was required under any employment, severance or termination agreements in effect as of the date of the
most recent audited financial statements included in the Filed Documents, or (z) any entry by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
into any employment, severance or termination agreement with any officer, (v) any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered
by insurance, that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Corporation or its subsidiaries, or (vi) any change
in accounting methods, principles or practices by the Corporation or its subsidiaries materially affecting their respective assets, liabilities
or business, except insofar as may have been required by a change in generally accepted accounting principles.

(h)Except
as qualified by the disclosure in the Public Filings, the Corporation is the beneficial owner of the properties, business and assets
or the interests in the properties, business or assets referred to in the Public Filings as being beneficially owned by the Corporation.
The Corporation and each of its subsidiaries is conducting its business in material compliance with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations of each jurisdiction in which its business is carried on.

(i)Subject to the representations, warranties and certifications of the Purchaser
herein contained being accurate and truthful in all material respects and the Purchaser fulfilling all of its covenants and obligations
herein contained, the Corporation has complied and will comply fully with (i) all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, regulations,
rules, judgments, decrees and orders of any governmental entity applicable to its business or operations and (ii) the requirements
of all applicable corporate and securities laws and administrative policies and directions, including, without limitation, the securities
legislation and regulations of, and the instruments, policies, rules, orders, codes, notices and interpretation notes of, each of the
Commissions, state securities laws and the Securities Act (collectively, the Securities Laws) and the Business
Corporations Act (British Columbia) in relation to the Private Placement.

(j)The issue and sale of the Purchased Securities by the Corporation does not and will
not conflict with, and does not and will not (including, without limitation, with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or the happening
of any other event or condition or any combination of the foregoing) result in a material breach of, any of the terms of the Corporations
constituent documents or any material agreement or instrument to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound.

(k)The
authorized capital of the Corporation consists of an unlimited number of Common Shares without par value, of which, immediately prior
to the Closing, 199,693,442 Common Shares are issued and outstanding. Except for as provided in the Public Filings, no person has any
right, agreement or option, present or future, contingent or absolute, or any right capable of becoming such a right, agreement or option,
for the issue or allotment of any unissued shares in the capital of the Corporation, or any other security convertible into or exchangeable
for any such shares, or to require the Corporation to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the issued and outstanding shares
in its capital.

-3- 

(l)The Purchased Securities, when issued, sold, and delivered in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement for the consideration expressed herein, will be validly issued and outstanding, fully-paid and non-assessable.

(m)No
person, firm or corporation has, or will have, as a result of any action taken by the Corporation or any of its representatives, in the
context of the transaction specifically contemplated by this Agreement, any rights, interest or valid claim against or upon the Corporation
or the Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker or in any similar capacity.

(n)No
approval, authorization, consent or other order of, and no filing, registration or recording with, any governmental authority is required
to be obtained or made by the Corporation in connection with the execution and delivery by the Corporation of this Agreement or the performance
by the Corporation of its obligations hereunder, except such approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, filing, registrations or recordings
required under the Securities Laws and the rules of the Exchanges, which shall be obtained or made by the Corporation prior to the
Closing or otherwise within the periods prescribed thereunder.

(o)The
Corporation has not relied upon the Purchaser for investment, legal or tax advice, or other professional advice, and has in all cases
sought or elected not to seek the advice of its own personal investment advisers, legal counsel and tax advisers.

(p)The
Corporation acknowledges (i) that the Purchaser has not been asked by the Corporation to agree, nor has the Purchaser agreed with
the Corporation, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Corporation, or derivative
securities based on securities issued by the Corporation or to hold the Purchased Securities for any specified term, and (ii) that
the Purchaser, and counter parties in derivative transactions to which the Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly,
presently may have a short position in the Common Shares which were established prior to the Purchasers knowledge
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Corporation further understands and acknowledges that following the public disclosure
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Purchaser may engage in hedging and/or trading activities at various times during
the period that the Purchased Securities are outstanding, and that such hedging and/or trading activities, if any, can reduce the value
of the existing shareholders equity interest in the Corporation both at and after the time the hedging and/or trading activities
are being conducted.

(q)The
Corporation has not disclosed to the Purchaser or any of its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, representatives or agents any
material information, which has not been generally disclosed, regarding the Corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(r)No bad actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of
the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Corporation or, to the Corporations knowledge,
any person having a relationship with the Corporation listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1), except for a Disqualification
Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3), is applicable.

-4- 

(s)Neither
the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any actions, suits or proceedings which could materially affect its business
or financial condition, and to the best of the Corporations knowledge, no such actions, suits or proceedings are contemplated
or have been threatened.

(t)There
are no judgments against the Corporation which are unsatisfied, nor is the Corporation subject to any consent decrees or injunctions.

(u)To
the Corporations knowledge, after due enquiry, no order ceasing or suspending trading in securities of the Corporation or prohibiting
the sale of such securities has been issued to and is outstanding against the Corporation or its directors, officers or promoters, and
no proceedings for such purpose are pending or threatened.

(v)The
Common Shares (i) do not constitute a U.S. Real Property Interest for purposes of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and (ii) are not, and are not deemed to be, taxable Canadian property for purposes of the Income Tax
Act (Canada).

(w)None
of the Corporation, its subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors or employees acting on behalf of the Corporation
or any of its subsidiaries has taken, committed to take or been alleged to have taken any action which would cause the Corporation or
any of its subsidiaries to be in violation of the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) (and the regulations promulgated
thereunder) or any applicable law of similar effect of another jurisdiction including, without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and to the knowledge of the Corporation no such action has been taken by any of its agents, representatives
or other persons acting on behalf of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

(x)Neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries has, and, to the Corporations
knowledge, no person acting on their behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in
the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Corporation to facilitate the sale or resale of the Common Shares,
(ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Common Shares, or (iii) paid
or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Corporation.

(y)Other
than its shares of its subsidiaries, the Corporation does not own and does not have any agreements of any nature to acquire, directly
or indirectly, any securities, or other equity or proprietary interest in any person or entity, and neither the Corporation nor any of
its subsidiaries is a party to any agreement to acquire or lease any other business operations.

(z)The
Corporation has filed in a timely manner all necessary tax returns and notices and has paid all applicable taxes of whatsoever nature
for all tax years prior to the date hereof to the extent that such taxes have become due or have been alleged by the Canada Revenue Agency,
the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxation authority to be due. There are no agreements, waivers or other arrangements providing
for an extension of time with respect to the filing of any tax return by the Corporation or the payment of any material tax, governmental
charge, penalty, interest or fine against the Corporation. The Corporation has no liability for taxes except those arising in the ordinary
course of its business. There are no material actions, suits, proceedings, audits, investigations or claims in progress, now threatened
or pending against the Corporation which could result in a material liability in respect of taxes, charges or levies of any governmental
authority, penalties, interest, fines, assessments or reassessments or any matters under discussion with any governmental authority relating
to taxes, governmental charges, penalties, interest, fines, assessments or reassessments asserted by any such authority and the Corporation
has withheld (where applicable) from each payment to each of the present and former officers, directors, employees and consultants thereof
the amount of all taxes and other amounts, including, but not limited to, income tax and other deductions, required to be withheld therefrom,
and has paid the same or will pay the same when due to the proper tax or other receiving authority within the time required under applicable
tax legislation.

-5- 

(aa)The
Corporation has its property and assets insured against loss or damage by insurable hazards or risks on a basis consistent with insurance
obtained by reasonably prudent participants in businesses comparable to the business of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Such insurance
coverage is of a type and in an amount typical to the business in which each of the Corporation and its subsidiaries operates as conducted
by a reasonably prudent person, based on the advice of insurance brokers consulted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Each of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries has not made any material claim on any policy of insurance or been refused any insurance coverage sought
or applied for. Each of the Corporation and its subsidiaries has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue
its business at a cost that would not be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the Corporations business.

(bb)Each of the Corporation and its subsidiaries owns, or to its knowledge, has the right
to use, all information used by the Corporation and its subsidiaries (including for the purposes of any technical reports pursuant to
Canadian National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (NI 43-101) or subsection
1300 of Regulation S-K (S-K 1300)) without infringing the intellectual property rights of others.

(cc) The
Corporation has filed all technical reports as required by NI 43-101 and S-K 1300, and all such reports have been prepared in material
compliance with the requirements of NI 43-101 and S-K 1300. In addition, with respect to each press release issued, and any other documents
filed, by or on behalf of the Corporation in respect of which any requirements of NI 43-101 or S-K 1300 applied, each such press release
and document also complied in all material respects as to form, substance and otherwise with the requirements of NI 43-101 and S-K 1300,
as applicable.

5.Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, severally and not jointly with any other purchaser of Common Shares, represents,
warrants, covenants and certifies to and with the Corporation that, as of the date of this Agreement and at the Closing:

(a)The
Purchaser acknowledges that the Corporation is relying on exemptions from the requirements under the Securities Laws to provide the Purchaser
with a prospectus or registration statement and no prospectus or registration statement has been filed by the Corporation with any of
the Commissions in connection with the issuance of the Purchased Securities, and that the Corporation is relying in part upon the truth
and accuracy of, and such Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to
acquire the Purchased Securities, and as a consequence:

(i)the
Purchaser may not receive information that would otherwise be required to be provided to the Purchaser under the Securities Laws; and

(ii)the
Corporation is relieved from certain obligations that would otherwise apply under the Securities Laws.

(b)The
Purchaser has the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to evaluate the merits and risks of its prospective
investment in the Corporation, and has carefully reviewed and understands the risks of, and other considerations relating to, the purchase
of the Purchased Securities and the tax consequences of the investment, and has the ability to bear the economic risks of the investment.
The Purchaser can afford the loss of its entire investment.

-6- 

(c)The
Purchaser is acquiring the Purchased Securities for investment for its own account and not with the view to, or for resale in connection
with, any distribution thereof. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Private Placement and sale of the Purchased Securities
have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, by reason of a specific
exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, which depends upon, among other
things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent as expressed herein. The Purchaser further represents that it does not have any
contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participation to any third person with respect
to any of the Purchased Securities. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Private Placement of the Purchased Securities
will not be registered under the Securities Act nor under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction on the ground that the
sale of the Purchased Securities to the Purchaser as provided for in this Agreement and the issuance of securities hereunder is exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state or other securities laws. The Purchaser is an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, for the reason(s) specified
on the Accredited Investor Certification provided by the Purchaser as completed by the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall submit
to the Corporation such further assurances of such status as may be reasonably requested by the Corporation. The Purchaser resides in
the jurisdiction set forth on the signature page attached hereto. The Purchaser has not taken any of the actions set forth in, and
is not subject to, the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act.

(d)The Purchaser represents that it (i) was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the
Purchased Securities, (ii) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction
of its organization, and (iii) has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out the provisions
hereof and to purchase and hold the Purchased Securities, and further the Purchaser represents that the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby is authorized by, and will not result in a violation of state law or its charter or other organizational documents.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and, when accepted by the Corporation, will constitute a legal,
valid and binding obligation enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, in each case subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors rights and to
general equity principles. The execution and delivery of this Agreement will not violate or be in conflict with any order, judgment,
injunction, agreement or controlling document to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound.

(e)The
Purchaser has received, reviewed and understood the information about the Corporation, including as set forth in the Public Filings,
and has had an opportunity to discuss the Corporations business, management and financial affairs with the Corporations
management. The Purchaser understands that such discussions were intended to describe the aspects of the Corporations business
and prospects and the Private Placement which the Corporation believes to be material, but were not necessarily a thorough or exhaustive
description, and except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the Corporation makes no representation or warranty with respect to
the completeness of such information and makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to any information provided by
any entity other than the Corporation. The Purchaser acknowledges that it is not relying upon any person or entity, other than the Corporation
and its officers and directors, in making its investment or decision to invest in the Corporation. The Purchaser has sought such accounting,
legal and tax advice as the Purchaser has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition
of the Purchased Securities.

-7- 

(f)The Corporation has advised the Purchaser that no agency, stock exchange or governmental
agency, securities commission or similar regulatory authority or other entity has reviewed or passed on or made any finding or determination
as to the merits of or made any recommendation or endorsement with respect to the Purchased Securities.

(g)The
Purchaser has been advised to consult its own legal advisors with respect to the applicable hold periods imposed in respect of the Purchased
Securities by the applicable Securities Laws and confirms that no representation by the Corporation has been made respecting the hold
periods applicable to the Purchased Securities and the Purchaser is solely responsible (and the Corporation is not responsible) for compliance
with the applicable resale restrictions.

(h)The
Purchaser acknowledges and consents to the fact that the Corporation is collecting Personal Information of the Purchaser for the purpose
of completing this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Personal Information means any personal information
as that term is defined under applicable privacy legislation, including, without limitation, the Personal Information Protection and
Electronic Documents Act (Canada) and any other applicable similar, replacement or supplemental provincial or federal legislation
or laws in effect from time to time and without limiting the foregoing, but for greater clarity in this Agreement, means information
about an identifiable individual, including but not limited to any information about the Purchaser and includes information provided
by the Purchaser in this Agreement. The Purchaser acknowledges and consents to the Corporation retaining such Personal Information for
as long as permitted or required by law or business practices, and the Purchaser agrees and acknowledges that the Corporation may use
and disclose such Personal Information:

(i)for
internal use with respect to managing the relationships between and contractual obligations of the Corporation and the Purchaser;

(ii)for
use and disclosure for income tax-related purposes, including, without limitation, where required by law, disclosure to the Canada Revenue
Agency;

(iii)to
professional advisers of the Corporation;

(iv)to
securities regulatory authorities and other regulatory bodies with jurisdiction with respect to reports of trade or similar regulatory
filings;

(v)to
a governmental or other authority to which the disclosure is required by court order or subpoena compelling such disclosure and where
there is no reasonable alternative to such disclosure;

(vi)to
any person where such disclosure is necessary for legitimate business reasons and is made with the Purchasers prior written consent;

(vii)to
a court determining the rights of the parties under this Agreement; and

(viii)for
use and disclosure as otherwise required by law.

In addition, the Purchaser further acknowledges and consents to the
fact that the Corporation may be required to provide any one or more of the Canadian or U.S. securities regulators, stock exchanges,
the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization, other regulatory agencies or the Transfer Agent with any Personal Information provided
by the Purchaser in this Agreement, and may make any other filings of such Personal Information as the Corporations counsel deems
appropriate, and the Purchaser acknowledges receipt of notification of the disclosure of Personal Information by the Corporation to the
Exchanges and the Purchaser hereby consents to and authorizes the foregoing use and disclosure of such Personal Information and agrees
to provide, on request, all particulars required by the Corporation in order to comply with the foregoing.

-8- 

(i)The Purchaser further acknowledges and expressly consents to the disclosure of Personal
Information by the Corporation to the Exchanges and other applicable regulatory authorities, as and to the extent required, and the collection,
use and disclosure of Personal Information by the Exchanges for such purposes as may be identified by the Exchanges from time to time.

(j)The funds representing the aggregate Purchase Price in respect of the Purchased Securities
which will be advanced by the Purchaser to the Corporation hereunder will not represent proceeds of crime for the purpose of the Proceeds
of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) (the PCMLTF Act) or the United States Uniting
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (as amended, the
PATRIOT Act) and the Purchaser acknowledges that the Corporation may in the future be required by law to disclose
the Purchasers name and other information relating to this Agreement and the Purchasers subscription hereunder, on a confidential
basis, pursuant to the PCMLTF Act, PATRIOT Act or other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations.
To the best of the Purchasers knowledge, none of the subscription funds to be provided hereunder:

(i)have
been or will be obtained or derived, directly or indirectly, from or related to any activity that is deemed illegal under the laws of
Canada or the United States or any other jurisdiction, or

(ii)are
being tendered on behalf of a person or entity who has not been identified to the Purchaser.

The Purchaser will promptly notify the Corporation if it discovers
that any such representation ceases to be true, and will provide the Corporation with appropriate information in connection therewith.

(k)No
person has made any written or oral representations to the Purchaser:

(i)that
any Person will resell or repurchase any of the Purchased Securities;

(ii)that
any Person will refund the Purchase Price of any of the Purchased Securities;

(iii)as
to the future price or value of any of the Purchased Securities; or

(iv)other
than as set forth in this Agreement, that any of the Purchased Securities will be listed and posted for trading on a stock exchange or
that application has been made to list and post any of the Purchased Securities for trading on a stock exchange.

(l)The
Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchaser has not received an offering memorandum, prospectus or other disclosure document in respect
of the Purchased Securities or the Corporation describing the business and affairs of the Corporation in order to assist the Purchaser
in making an investment decision in respect of the Purchased Securities, that the Purchaser has had access to the Corporations
public filings on the Internet at www.sedarplus.ca and www.sec.gov and that the Purchaser is not purchasing the Purchased
Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Purchased Securities published in any
newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser,
any other general solicitation or general advertisement and has not become aware of any such general solicitation or general advertisement
with respect to the distribution of the Purchased Securities.

-9- 

(m)The
Purchasers decision to tender this offer and purchase the Purchased Securities has not been made as a result of any non-public
oral or written representation as to fact made by or on behalf of the Corporation or any other Person and is based entirely upon the
representations, warranties and covenants of the Corporation provided to the Purchaser in this Agreement and on currently available public
information concerning the Corporation.

(n)If
required by applicable Securities Laws, policy or order or by any Commission or Exchange, the Purchaser will execute, deliver, file and
otherwise assist the Corporation in filing, such reports, undertakings and other documents with respect to the issue of the Purchased
Securities as may be reasonably required.

(o)The
Purchaser acknowledges that legal counsel retained by the Corporation is acting as counsel to the Corporation and not as counsel to the
Purchaser and the Purchaser may not rely upon such counsel in any respect.

6.Conditions
to Obligations of the Purchaser and the Corporation. The obligations of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Purchased Securities
and of the Corporation to sell the Purchased Securities are subject to the representations and warranties of the Corporation contained
in Section 4 hereof and of the Purchaser contained in Section 5 hereof being true and correct as of the Closing
in all respects.

7.Legend.
The DRS statements provided by the Transfer Agent representing the Purchased Securities will be imprinted with a legend in substantially
the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT) OR ANY APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF INTERNATIONAL TOWER HILL MINES LTD.
(THE CORPORATION) THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, ONLY (A) TO THE CORPORATION, (B) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE
1933 ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS, (C) IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933
ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY
LAWS, OR (D) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933 ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND, IN
THE CASE OF SUBPARAGRAPH (C) OR (D), THE SELLER FURNISHES TO THE CORPORATION AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OF RECOGNIZED STANDING IN FORM AND
SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE CORPORATION TO SUCH EFFECT. DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT CONSTITUTE GOOD
DELIVERY IN SETTLEMENT OF TRANSACTIONS ON STOCK EXCHANGES IN CANADA.

UNLESS PERMITTED UNDER CANADIAN SECURITIES LEGISLATION,
THE HOLDER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MUST NOT TRADE THE SECURITIES BEFORE JUNE 28, 2025.

-10- 

8.Public
Disclosure. Neither the Corporation nor the Purchaser shall, except as required by applicable law, regulation or Exchange rule, issue
any press release that describes the transactions contemplated herein and that identifies the Corporation, the Purchaser, or any of their
respective affiliates without the prior consent of the Corporation or the Purchaser (as applicable), which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. For the avoidance of doubt, the consent of the Purchaser shall not be required for any press release or other disclosure in
regard to the transactions contemplated herein by the Corporation that does not identify the Purchaser.

9.Fees
and Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all fees and expenses, including fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the preparation, execution, and delivery of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, shall be paid
by the party incurring such fee or expense.

10.Waiver
of Certain Rights. The Purchaser hereby waives any and all preemptive rights, participation rights, resale rights, rights of first
refusal and similar rights that it may have in connection with the Private Placement, provided, that for the avoidance of doubt such
waiver shall not apply to any future offerings of the Corporations securities.

11.Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each
of the parties hereto shall use its commercially reasonable efforts (subject to, and in accordance with, applicable law) to take, or
cause to be taken, promptly all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, promptly and to assist and cooperate with the other parties
in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

12.General.

(a)Waiver,
Amendment. Neither this Agreement nor any provisions hereof shall be modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an instrument
in writing, signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought.

(b)Assignability.
Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof shall be assignable by either
the Corporation or the Purchaser without the prior written consent of the other party.

(c)Waiver
of Jury Trial. THE PURCHASER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT
OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

(d)Submission
to Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating to any offers, purchases or sales of the Securities by the
Purchaser (Proceedings), the Purchaser irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located
in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City, which submission shall be exclusive unless none of such courts has lawful jurisdiction
over such Proceedings.

(e)Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to any
conflict of law rule or principle that would give effect to the laws of another jurisdiction.

(f)Section and
Other Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

-11- 

(g)Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement.

(h)Notices.
All notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered
personally or sent by email or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid to the following addresses (or
such other address as either party shall have specified by notice in writing to the other):

If to the Corporation: 

International Tower Hill Mines Ltd.

Suite 1570, 200 Burrard Street

Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 3L6

Email: [intentionally omitted]

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

If to the Purchaser, at the address set forth on the signature
page hereof.

(i)Binding Effect. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon
and accrue to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

(j)Survival. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
the representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities of or by the Corporation and the Purchaser contained herein or in any certificate,
document or instrument delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(k)Severability.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other
jurisdiction.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

-12- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Purchaser has executed this Subscription Agreement
as of February 26, 2025.

[PURCHASER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

State/Country of Domicile or Formation: 

Address of Principal Offices: 

Purchased Securities to Be Acquired: 

Aggregate Purchase Price to be Paid: 

Registration Instructions (registration name, account reference if applicable, address): 

The offer to purchase Purchased Securities as set forth above is confirmed
and accepted by the Corporation as of February 26, 2025.

INTERNATIONAL TOWER HILL MINES LTD.

By: 

Name: Karl Hanneman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Subscription Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258228d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

200
Burrard Street

Suite 1570

Vancouver,
BC Canada

V6C 3L6 

Tel:
604.683.6332

Fax: 604.408.7499

www.ithmines.com

NR25-01 March 4, 2025

International Tower Hill Mines
Announces US$3.9 Million

Non-Brokered Private Placement
to Advance Livengood Gold Project

with Antimony Study

Vancouver, British Columbia, March 4, 2025
International Tower Hill Mines Ltd. (the Company) - (TSX: ITH) (NYSE American: THM) today announced that it has
completed a non-brokered private placement (the Private Placement) pursuant to which the Company issued common shares to
existing major shareholders to raise gross proceeds of approximately US$3.9 million to be used in part to study the massive stibnite
antimony mineralization at the Livengood Gold Project.

The Private Placement consisted of 8,192,031
common shares of the Company, representing approximately 4.1% of the 199.7 million shares issued and outstanding prior to the completion
of the Private Placement, at a price of US$0.4801 per share, the closing price of the Company's common shares on the NYSE American on
February 25, 2025. The Private Placement was taken up by current institutional shareholders of the Company, Paulson & Co.
Inc., Electrum Strategic Opportunities Fund II L.P. and Kopernik Global Investors, LLC on behalf of itself and affiliates. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds of the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes, including advancing antimony
metallurgical studies. Following completion of the Private Placement, the Company has 207,885,473 common shares issued and outstanding.

The Companys most recent S-K 1300 Technical
Report Summary, Pre-Feasibility Study of the Livengood Gold Project, as amended October 13, 2023, presented a new
geologic model for the Livengood deposit and detailed gold metallurgical work that allowed the relationship between gold recovery and
antimony mineralization to be characterized. During this geological modelling process, 54 veins of massive stibnite were detailed with
antimony grades ranging up to 6.9%, as presented in Table 11-8 Livengood deposit massive stibnite grade estimates of the
S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary. While the pre-feasibility study detailed the 9.0 million ounce of gold reserve and 6.4 million ounces
of gold production projected over 21 years, no metallurgical studies were completed to provide an understanding of whether antimony might
be recoverable from the massive stibnite veins.

Karl Hanneman, Chief Executive Officer, said
Record gold prices combined with our large gold reserve are presenting an improving value proposition for our Livengood Gold Project.
In addition, changing world geopolitics have resulted in increased awareness in the United States of the importance of critical and strategic
minerals, including antimony, for our national defense and economy. The market price of antimony has increased to record highs and therefore
the significant occurrence of antimony known to exist within our Livengood Gold Project now warrants some of our attention. Thus, we
intend to use a portion of this financing to begin the evaluation of whether this antimony could be recovered in a way such that the
production of antimony over the long life of the project might add value to the project and contribute to the critical and strategic
mineral needs of the United States. We appreciate the support of our major shareholders, who understand that this new opportunity only
adds to the potential of our large gold reserve, which is getting more exciting each day.

International Tower Hill Mines Ltd.

NR25-01 Continued -
2 - March 4, 2025

The Private Placement complied with the requirements
of the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and the NYSE American. The Company relied on the exemption set forth in section 602.1
of the TSX Company Manual, which provides that the TSX will not apply its standards to certain transactions involving eligible interlisted
issuers listed on a recognized exchange, such as the NYSE American.

As some of the institutional shareholders qualify
as related parties of the Company, the Private Placement was a related party transaction within the meaning of Multilateral
Instrument 61-101 Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions (MI 61-101). The Company is relying
upon exemptions from the formal valuation and minority shareholder approval requirements of MI 61-101 on the basis that the fair market
value of the shares issued does not exceed 25% of the Companys current market capitalization.

The offer and sale of the foregoing securities
was made in a transaction not involving a public offering, and the securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the "Securities Act"), or applicable state securities laws and have not been and will not be qualified for sale
to the public by prospectus under applicable Canadian securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may not be reoffered or resold in
the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws and in Canada except pursuant to an exemption from the prospectus requirements
of applicable Canadian securities laws.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the common shares issued in the Private Placement, nor shall there be any offer
or sale of the common shares issued in the Private Placement in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements
in this press release that are not statements of historical or current fact constitute forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and forward-looking information within
the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws (collectively, forward-looking statements). Such forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results of the Company to be materially
different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition to
statements which explicitly describe such risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements containing the terms intends,
estimates, may, might, will, or other similar expressions to be uncertain and
forward-looking. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
of this press release. The forward-looking statements in this press release, including statements regarding the financing, the total
investment amount raised in connection with the financing, the use of proceeds, and estimates of the quality and quantity of the
mineral resources at the Livengood Gold Project, including gold and antimony, and potential need for antimony in the United States, are
based upon the Companys current expectations and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect.
Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result
of various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation: (i) the demand for, and level and volatility of the price of,
gold, (ii) general business and economic conditions, (iii) the accuracy of the Companys resource estimates (including
with respect to size and grade) and the geological, operational and price assumptions on which these are based, (iv) the timing
of the Companys ability to commence and complete planned work programs at the Livengood Gold Project, including the antimony study,
(v) the Companys ability to attract and retain key staff, particularly in connection with the permitting and development
of any mine at the Livengood Gold Project, and (vi) the Companys ability to secure the necessary services and supplies on
favorable terms in connection with its programs at the Livengood Gold Project and other activities. The foregoing list of important factors
that could cause actual events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with
statements that are included herein and elsewhere, including the risk factors detailed in the Forward-Looking Statements,
Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections
of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30,
2024, and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, and other documents that have
been and will be filed by the Company from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities regulators.
All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made. The Company undertakes
no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made,
except as required by applicable securities laws.

International Tower Hill Mines Ltd.

NR25-01 Continued -
3 - March 4, 2025

About International Tower Hill Mines Ltd.

International Tower Hill Mines Ltd. has a 100%
interest in its Livengood Gold Project located along the paved Elliott Highway, 70 miles north of Fairbanks, Alaska.

On behalf of

International Tower Hill Mines Ltd.

(signed) Karl L. Hanneman

Chief Executive Officer

Contact Information: Richard
Solie, Jr., Manager - Investor Relations

E-mail:
rsolie@ithmines.com

Direct line: 907-328-2825 Toll-Free:
1-855-428-2825
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>thm-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>thm-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>thm-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33638

Entity Registrant Name INTERNATIONAL
TOWER HILL MINES LTD.

Entity Central Index Key 0001134115

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0668474

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code A1

Entity Address, Address Line One 1570-200 Burrard Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Vancouver

Entity Address, City or Town Canada 

Entity Address, State or Province BC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code V6C 3L6

City Area Code 604

Local Phone Number 683-6332

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Shares, no par value

Trading Symbol THM

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ithmines.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

thm-20250226.xsd 
thm-20250226_lab.xml 
thm-20250226_pre.xml 
tm258228d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-020295-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm258228d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001134115 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001134115 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
INTERNATIONAL TOWER HILL MINES LTD. 
A1 
001-33638 
98-0668474 
1570-200 Burrard Street 
Vancouver 
BC 
Canada 
V6C 3L6 
604 
683-6332 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, no par value 
THM 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>