<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-034243.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-034243.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411163054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-034243
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250408
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Energous Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575793
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				461318953
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36379
		FILM NUMBER:		25832492

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3590 NORTH FIRST STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 963-0200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3590 NORTH FIRST STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DvineWave Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130501
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511996d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000157579300015757932025-04-082025-04-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 8, 2025

ENERGOUS CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-36379 46-1318953

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3590
North First Street, Suite
330

San Jose, California95134

(Address, including zip code, of principal executive
offices)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (408) 963-0200

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each
class registered 

Trading symbol(s) 

Name of each
exchange on which 

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share WATT The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On April 8, 2025, the Board of Directors of Energous Corporation d/b/a
Energous Wireless Power Solutions (the Company) approved certain amendments to the Companys amended and restated
bylaws (as amended and restated, the Second A&R Bylaws), effective immediately.

The Second A&R Bylaws modified the provisions for determining the
presence of a quorum at all meetings of stockholders, to provide that the presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of one-third
of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except as
otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. The Second A&R Bylaws also eliminate the requirement that a
list of stockholders be available for inspection at stockholder meetings as permitted by Delaware law.

The foregoing description of the Second A&R Bylaws is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the Second A&R Bylaws, which are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

No. Description

3.1 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Energous Corporation

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded as Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ENERGOUS CORPORATION

Date: April 11, 2025 By: /s/ Mallorie Burak

Name: Mallorie Burak

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511996d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

ENERGOUS CORPORATION

ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES

1.1
Registered Office.

The registered office of this corporation (the
Company) shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware. The name of the registered agent of
the Company at such location is Corporation Service Company.

1.2
Other Offices.

The Companys board of directors (the Board
of Directors) may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Company is qualified to do business.

ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

2.1
Place Of Meetings.

Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place,
within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the Board of Directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders
meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Company.

2.2
Annual Meeting.

The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held
at such date and time as shall be designated by the Board of Directors, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated
by resolution of the Board of Directors each year. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.

2.3
Special Meeting.

Special meetings of stockholders may be called
at any time only by the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President or a majority of the Board of Directors. Business transacted at any
special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting.

2.4
Notice Of Stockholders Meetings.

All notices of meetings with stockholders shall
be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.5 of these bylaws (the Bylaws)
not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such
meeting. The notice shall specify the place (if any), date and hour of the meeting, and in the case of a special meeting, the purpose
or purposes for which the meeting is called.

2.5
Manner Of Giving Notice; Affidavit Of Notice.

Written notice of any meeting of stockholders,
if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders
address as it appears on the records of the Company. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to
stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic mail or other electronic transmission, in the manner provided in Section 232
of the Delaware General Corporation Law. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Company
that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.

2.6
Quorum.

At all meetings of the stockholders, the holders
of one-third of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. Where
a separate vote by a class or classes or series of stock is required, the holders of one-third of the shares of such class or classes
or series of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a
quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate
of incorporation.

If a quorum is not present or represented at any
meeting of the stockholders, then either (a) the chairman of the meeting or (b) holders of a majority of the shares of stock
entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting to another place (if any), date or time.

2.7
Adjourned Meeting; Notice.

When a meeting is adjourned to another place (if
any), date or time, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place (if
any) thereof and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present and vote
at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Company may transact
any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after
the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the place (if any), date and time of the adjourned meeting
and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote
at such adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

2.8
Organization; Conduct of Business.

(a) Such
person as the Board of Directors may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, the chief executive officer, or in his or her
absence, the president or, in his or her absence, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to
vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as chairman of the meeting. In
the absence of the secretary, the secretary of the meeting shall be such person as the chairman of the meeting appoints.

(b) The
chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including the manner of
voting and the conduct of business. The date and time of opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders
will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting.

2.9
Voting

The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting
of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.13 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions
of Sections 217 and 218 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of
stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).

Except as may be otherwise provided in the certificate
of incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder. All elections
shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law, all other matters shall be determined by
a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively at a meeting at which a quorum is present.

2.10
Introduction of Business at Meetings.

(a) Annual
Meetings of Stockholders.

(i) Nominations
of persons for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made
at an annual meeting of stockholders (A) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (B) by any stockholder of the Company
who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.10, who is entitled to vote at the
meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.10. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause
(B) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring nominations or business properly before an annual meeting of stockholders
(other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act)), and such stockholder must comply with the notice and other procedures set forth in Section 2.10
of these Bylaws to bring such nominations or business properly before an annual meeting of stockholders.

(ii) For
nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (B) of paragraph
(a)(i) of this Section 2.10, (1) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary
of the Company, (2) the stockholder must have provided any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required
by this Section 2.10, (3) the stockholder, together with the beneficial owner(s), if any, on whose behalf the nomination
or business proposal is made, must have acted in accordance with the representations set forth in the Solicitation Statement (as defined
below) required by this Section 2.10 and (4) the business proposed by the stockholder must otherwise be a proper matter
for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholders written notice shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive
offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the
one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding years annual meeting, provided,
however, that if either (1) the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days
after the first anniversary date of the preceding years annual meeting or (2) no annual meeting of stockholders were held
in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the ninetieth
(90th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the sixtieth (60th) day prior to such
annual meeting or the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting
is first made by the Company. Such stockholders written notice shall set forth:

(A) as
to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, all information relating to such person
that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant
to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee
and to serving as a director if elected);

(B) as
to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought
before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of each Proposing
Person (as defined below);

(C) (1) the
name and address of the stockholder giving the notice, as they appear on the Companys books, and the names and addresses of the
other Proposing Persons (if any), (2) as to each Proposing Person the following information: (a) the class or series and number
of all shares of capital stock of the Company which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially or of record by such Proposing Person
or any of its affiliates or associates (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act), including any
shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Company as to which such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates
has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future, (b) all Synthetic Equity Interests (as defined below) in which
such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates, directly or indirectly, holds an interest including a description of the
material terms of each such Synthetic Equity Interest, including without limitation, identification of the counterparty to each such Synthetic
Equity Interest and disclosure, for each such Synthetic Equity Interest, as to (x) whether or not such Synthetic Equity Interest
conveys any voting rights, directly or indirectly, in such shares to such Proposing Person, (y) whether or not such Synthetic Equity
Interest is required to be, or is capable of being, settled through delivery of such shares and (z) whether or not such Proposing
Person and/or, to the extent known, the counterparty to such Synthetic Equity Interest has entered into other transactions that hedge
or mitigate the economic effect of such Synthetic Equity Interest, (c) any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response
to a public proxy solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Exchange Act), agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship
pursuant to which such Proposing Person has or shares a right to, directly or indirectly, vote any shares of any class or series of capital
stock of the Company, (d) any rights to dividends or other distributions on the shares of any class or series of capital stock of
the Company, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially by such Proposing Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares
of the Company, and (e) any performance-related fees (other than an asset based fee) that such Proposing Person, directly or indirectly,
is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Company or any
Synthetic Equity Interests (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing subclauses (a) through (e) are referred to,
collectively, as Material Ownership Interests) and (3) a description of the material terms of all agreements,
arrangements or understandings (whether or not in writing) entered into by any Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates
with any other person for the purpose of acquiring, holding, disposing or voting of any shares of any class or series of capital stock
of the Company;

(D) (1) a
description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings by and among any of the Proposing Persons, or by and among any Proposing
Persons and any other person (including with any proposed nominees), pertaining to the nomination(s) or other business proposed to
be brought before the meeting of stockholders (which description shall identify the name of each other person who is party to such an
agreement, arrangement or understanding), and (2) identification of the names and addresses of other stockholders (including beneficial
owners) known by any of the Proposing Persons to support such nominations or other business proposal(s), and to the extent known the class
and number of all shares of the Companys capital stock owned beneficially or of record by such other stockholder(s) or other
beneficial owner(s); and

(E) a
statement whether or not the stockholder giving the notice and/or the other Proposing Person(s), if any, will deliver a proxy statement
and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of a business proposal, at least the percentage of voting power of all of the shares of capital
stock of the Company required under applicable law to approve the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, at least the
percentage of voting power of all of the shares of capital stock of the Company reasonably believed by such Proposing Person to be sufficient
to elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder (such statement, the Solicitation Statement).

For purposes of this Section 2.10 of
these Bylaws, the term Proposing Person shall mean the following persons: (i) the stockholder of record providing
the notice of nominations or business proposed to be brought before a stockholders meeting, and (ii) the beneficial owner(s),
if different, on whose behalf the nominations or business proposed to be brought before a stockholders meeting is made. For purposes
of this Section 2.10 of these Bylaws, the term Synthetic Equity Interest shall mean any transaction,
agreement or arrangement (or series of transactions, agreements or arrangements), including, without limitation, any derivative, swap,
hedge, repurchase or so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, the purpose or effect of which is to, directly
or indirectly: (a) give a person or entity economic benefit and/or risk similar to ownership of shares of any class or series of
capital stock of the Company, in whole or in part, including due to the fact that such transaction, agreement or arrangement provides,
directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit or avoid a loss from any increase or decrease in the value of any shares of any class
or series of capital stock of the Company, (b) mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk of or manage the risk of share price changes
for, any person or entity with respect to any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Company, (c) in any manner otherwise
provide the opportunity to profit or avoid a loss from any decrease in the value of any shares of any class or series of capital stock
of the Company, or (d) increase or decrease the voting power of any person or entity with respect to any shares of any class or series
of capital stock of the Company.

(iii) A
stockholder providing timely notice of nominations or business proposed to be brought before a meeting of stockholders shall further update
and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information (including, without limitation, the Material Ownership Interests information)
provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Bylaw shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting
and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to such meeting of stockholders, and such update and supplement shall be
received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the fifth (5th) business
day after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not
later than the close of business on the eighth (8th) business day prior to the date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement
required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting).

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything in the second sentence of paragraph (a)(ii) of this Section 2.10 to the contrary, in the event that the number
of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Company is increased and there is no public announcement by the Company naming
all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors at least seventy (70) days prior to the first
anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting (or, if the annual meeting is held more than thirty (30) days before or sixty
(60) days after such anniversary date, at least seventy (70) days prior to such annual meeting), a stockholders notice required
by this Section 2.10 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such
increase, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company not later than the close of business
on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Company.

(b) Special
Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before
the meeting pursuant to the Companys notice of meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made
at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Companys notice of meeting (i) by
or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be
elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Company who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice of the special
meeting, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.10
(including the procedures to update and supplement the notice). If the Company calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose
of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be),
for election to such position(s) as specified in the Companys notice of meeting, if (x) such stockholder delivers written
notice thereof to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not earlier than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such
special meeting nor later than the later of (1) the close of business on the sixtieth (60th) day prior to such special meeting or
(2) the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of such
special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting, (y) such stockholders
written notice includes the information required to be provided in subparagraphs (A), (C), (D) and (E) of paragraph (a)(ii) of
this Section 2.10, and (z) such stockholder has provided updates or supplements (if any) to such notice at the times
and in the forms required by paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.10. For the avoidance of doubt, for a stockholder to
bring nominations before a special meeting of stockholders, such stockholder must comply with the notice and other procedures set forth
in this Section 2.10 and this shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring such nominations properly before a special
meeting.

(c) General.

(i) Only
such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.10 shall be eligible to serve
as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance
with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.10. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed
to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.10
and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance herewith, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall
be disregarded.

(ii) In
no event shall the adjournment, postponement or rescheduling of any previously scheduled meeting of stockholders commence a new time period
for the giving of a stockholders notice under this Section 2.10. For purposes of this Section 2.10, public
announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, PR Newswire, Reuters
or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

(iii) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 2.10
shall be deemed to affect any rights of (x) stockholders to have proposals included in the Companys proxy statement pursuant
to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule) under the Exchange Act and, to the extent required by such Rule, have such proposals considered
and voted on at an annual meeting of stockholders or (y) the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified
circumstances.

2.11
Waiver Of Notice.

Whenever notice is required to be given under any
provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or of the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed
by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic mail or other electronic transmission by such person, whether before or after
the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice
of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the
transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the
purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice, or any waiver of notice
by electronic transmission, unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws.

2.12
No Stockholder Action By Written Consent Without A Meeting.

Any action required or permitted to be taken at
any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken only upon the vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting duly
called and may not be taken by written consent of the stockholders.

2.13
Record Date For Stockholder Notice; Voting.

In order that the Company may determine the stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend
or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange
of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be
more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other
action.

If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record
date:

(a) The
record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held.

(b) The
record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors
adopts the resolution relating thereto.

A determination of stockholders of record entitled
to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting, if such adjournment is for thirty
(30) days or less; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

2.14
Proxies.

Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting
of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by an instrument in writing or by an electronic transmission
permitted by law filed with the secretary, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless
the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholders name is placed on the proxy (whether
by manual signature, typewriting, facsimile, electronic or telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholders
attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212(e) of
the Delaware General Corporation Law.

ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS

3.1
Powers.

Subject to the provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law and any limitations in the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by
the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed and all corporate powers shall
be exercised by or under the direction of the Board of Directors.

3.2
Number Of Directors.

Unless otherwise provided by the certificate of
incorporation, the number of directors that shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time by resolution
of the Board of Directors, but no decrease in the number of directors effected by any such resolution shall change the term of any director
in office at the time that any such resolution is adopted.

3.3
Election, Qualification And Term Of Office Of Directors.

Except as provided in Section 3.4 of
these Bylaws, and unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of
stockholders to hold office until the next annual meeting. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the certificate of
incorporation or these Bylaws, wherein other qualifications for directors may be prescribed. Each director, including a director elected
to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal.

Unless otherwise specified in the certificate of
incorporation, elections of directors need not be by written ballot.

There shall be no cumulative voting by stockholders
in any matter, including without limitation in the election of directors.

3.4
Resignation And Vacancies.

Any director may resign at any time upon written
notice to the attention of the secretary. When one or more directors so resigns and the resignation is effective at a future date, a majority
of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon
to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office as provided
in this section in the filling of other vacancies.

Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation or these Bylaws:

(a) Vacancies
and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having
the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a
sole remaining director.

(b) Whenever
the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the certificate
of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors
elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.

3.5
Place Of Meetings; Meetings By Telephone.

The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both
regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.

Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate
of incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate
in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means
of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in
person at the meeting.

3.6
Regular Meetings.

Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may
be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors.

3.7
Special Meetings; Notice.

Special meetings of the Board of Directors may
be called by the chair of the board, the chief executive officer or the president and shall be called by the chief executive officer or
the secretary on the written request of at least two directors. Notice of special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given to
each director at least three calendar days before the meeting if by mail or overnight courier service or at least the calendar day before
the meeting if given in person or by telephone, facsimile, telegraph, telex, electronic mail or other means of electronic transmission
as defined in Section 232(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

3.8
Quorum.

At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority
of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors
present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically
provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, then
the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until
a quorum is present.

A meeting at which a quorum is initially present
may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority
of the required quorum for that meeting.

3.9
Waiver Of Notice.

Whenever notice is required to be given under any
provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or of the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed
by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic mail or other electronic transmission by such person, whether before or after
the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice
of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the
transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the
purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written
waiver of notice unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws.

3.10
Board Action By Written Consent Without A Meeting.

Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate
of incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee
thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by
electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings
of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form
if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction
of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing
could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original
writing.

3.11
Fees And Compensation Of Directors.

Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate
of incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No such compensation
shall preclude any director from serving the Company in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

3.12
Removal Of Directors.

Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the
certificate of incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause,
by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

No reduction of the authorized number of directors
shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of such directors term of office.

3.13
Chairman of the Board of Directors.

The Company may also have at the discretion of
the Board of Directors, a chairman of the Board of Directors, who shall not be considered an officer of the Company.

ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES

4.1
Committees Of Directors.

The Board of Directors may designate one or more
committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Company. The Board of Directors may designate one or more
directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In
the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting,
whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at
the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the
Board of Directors, or in these Bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management
of the business and affairs of the Company, and may authorize the seal of the Company to be affixed to all papers which may require it;
but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (a) approving or adopting, or recommending
to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the General Corporate Law of Delaware to be submitted to stockholders
for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any provision of the Bylaws.

4.2
Committee Minutes.

Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its
meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required.

4.3
Meetings And Action Of Committees

Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed
by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6
(regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver
of notice), and Section 3.10 (action without a meeting) of these Bylaws, with such changes in the context of such provisions
as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board of Directors and its members; provided, however,
that the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board of Directors or by resolution of the
committee, that special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board of Directors and that notice of special meetings
of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The Board
of Directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.

ARTICLE V - OFFICERS

5.1
Officers.

The officers of the Company shall be a president,
a treasurer, and a secretary. The Company may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, a chief executive officer, a chief
financial officer, one or more vice presidents, one or more assistant secretaries, one or more assistant treasurers, and any such other
officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be
held by the same person.

5.2
Appointment Of Officers.

The officers of the Company, except such officers
as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Sections 5.3 or 5.5 of these Bylaws, shall be appointed by the
Board of Directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment.

5.3
Subordinate Officers.

The Board of Directors may appoint, or empower
the chief executive officer or the president to appoint, such other officers and agents as the business of the Company may require, each
of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board
of Directors may from time to time determine.

5.4
Removal And Resignation Of Officers.

Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under
any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the Board
of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board of Directors,
by any officer upon whom the power of removal is conferred by the Board of Directors.

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written
notice to the Company. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that
notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Company under any contract to which the officer is a party.

5.5
Vacancies In Offices.

Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Company
shall be filled by the Board of Directors.

5.6
Chief Executive Officer.

Subject to the such supervisory powers, if any,
as may be given by the Board of Directors to the chairman of the board, if any, the chief executive officer (if such an officer is appointed)
shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction, and control of the business and the officers
of the Company and shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of chief executive officer of a
corporation and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.

5.7
President.

Subject to the such supervisory powers, if any,
as may be given by the Board of Directors to the chairman of the board, if any, or the chief executive officer, if any, the president
shall have general supervision, direction, and control of the business and other officers of the Company. He or she shall have the general
powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of president of a corporation and such other powers and duties as may be
prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. If there is then no appointed chief executive officer, the president shall have
the powers and duties usually vested in the chief executive officer of a corporation.

5.8
Vice Presidents.

In the absence or disability of the chief executive
officer and president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the Board of Directors or, if not ranked, a vice
president designated by the Board of Directors, or if no vice president is so designated, the vice presidents shall be deemed ranked in
order of their date of appointment as a vice president, shall perform all the duties of the president and when so acting shall have all
the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the president. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform
such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the Board of Directors, these Bylaws, the president
or the chairman of the board.

5.9
Chief Financial Officer.

The chief financial officer (if such an officer
is appointed) shall be the treasurer and shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records
of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Company, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements,
gains, losses, capital retained earnings, and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any
director.

The chief financial officer shall deposit all moneys
and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Company with such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors.
He or she shall disburse the funds of the Company as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, shall render to the chief executive officer,
the president, or the directors, upon request, an account of all his or her transactions as chief financial officer and of the financial
condition of the Company, and shall have other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or
these Bylaws.

5.10
Treasurer.

The treasurer shall assist the chief financial
officer with his or her duties to keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts
of the properties and business transactions of the Company, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains,
losses, capital retained earnings, and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
If there is then no appointed chief financial officer, the treasurer shall have the powers and duties usually vested in the chief financial
officer of a corporation.

5.11
Secretary.

The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at
the principal executive office of the Company or such other place as the Board of Directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings
and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, the names
of those present at directors meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders
meetings, and the proceedings thereof.

The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept,
at the principal executive office of the Company or at the office of the Companys transfer agent or registrar, as determined by
resolution of the Board of Directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their
addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and
date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation.

The secretary shall give, or cause to be given,
notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws He or she shall
keep the seal of the Company, if one is adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may
be prescribed by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws.

5.12
Representation Of Shares Of Other Corporations.

The chairman of the board, chief executive officer,
the president, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer or any assistant treasurer, the secretary or any assistant
secretary, or any other person authorized by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or the president, is authorized to vote,
represent, and exercise on behalf of the Company all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations or
any other equity ownership interest in any other entity standing in the name of the Company. The authority granted herein may be exercised
either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by the person having
such authority.

5.13
Authority And Duties Of Officers.

In addition to the foregoing authority and duties,
all officers of the Company shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Company
as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VI - INDEMNIFICATION

6.1
Indemnification Of Directors And Officers.

The Company shall, to the maximum extent and in
the manner permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, indemnify each of its directors and officers against expenses (including
attorneys fees), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding,
arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was an agent of the Company. For purposes of this Section 6.1, a director
or officer of the Company includes any person (a) who is or was a director or officer of the Company, (b) who
is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, or (c) who was a director or officer of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the Company or of
another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation.

6.2
Indemnification Of Others.

The Company shall have the power, to the maximum
extent and in the manner permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, to indemnify each of its employees and agents (other than
directors and officers) against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and
reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding, arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was an agent of the Company.
For purposes of this Section 6.2, an employee or agent of the Company (other than a director or
officer) includes any person (a) who is or was an employee or agent of the Company, (b) who is or was serving at the request
of the Company as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (c) who
was an employee or agent of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the Company or of another enterprise at the request of
such predecessor corporation.

6.3
Payment Of Expenses In Advance.

Expenses incurred in defending any action or proceeding
for which indemnification is required pursuant to Section 6.1 or for which indemnification is permitted pursuant to Section 6.2
following authorization thereof by the Board of Directors shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action
or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the indemnified party to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined
by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that the indemnified party is not entitled to be indemnified
as authorized in this Article VI.

6.4
Indemnity Not Exclusive.

The indemnification provided by this Article VI
shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any Bylaw, agreement, vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in an official capacity and as to action in another capacity
while holding such office, to the extent that such additional rights to indemnification are authorized in the certificate of incorporation

6.5
Insurance.

The Company may purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against
any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such,
whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify his or her against such liability under the provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

6.6
Conflicts.

No indemnification or advance shall be made under
this Article VI, except where such indemnification or advance is mandated by law or the order, judgment or decree of any court
of competent jurisdiction, in any circumstance where it appears:

(a) That
it would be inconsistent with a provision of the certificate of incorporation, these Bylaws, a resolution of the stockholders or an agreement
in effect at the time of the accrual of the alleged cause of the action asserted in the proceeding in which the expenses were incurred
or other amounts were paid, which prohibits or otherwise limits indemnification; or

(b) That
it would be inconsistent with any condition expressly imposed by a court in approving a settlement.

ARTICLE VII - RECORDS AND REPORTS

7.1
Maintenance And Inspection Of Records.

The Company shall, either at its principal executive
offices or at such place or places as designated by the Board of Directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and
addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and
other records.

Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney
or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business
to inspect for any proper purpose the Companys stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to
make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such persons interest as a stockholder.
In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied
by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand
under oath shall be directed to the Company at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.

A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote
at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder
and the number of shares registered in each such stockholders name, shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder for
a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting in the manner provided by law. This list shall presumptively determine the
identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them.

7.2
Inspection By Directors.

Any director shall have the right to examine the
Companys stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his or her
position as a director. The Delaware Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director
is entitled to the inspection sought. Such Court may summarily order the Company to permit the director to inspect any and all books and
records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. Such Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any
limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as such Court may deem just and proper.

ARTICLE VIII - GENERAL MATTERS

8.1
Checks.

From time to time, the Board of Directors shall
determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other
evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Company, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse
those instruments.

8.2
Execution Of Corporate Contracts And Instruments.

The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided
in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the
name of and on behalf of the Company; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified
by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to
bind the Company by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

8.3
Stock Certificates; Partly Paid Shares.

The shares of the Company shall be represented
by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes
or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until
such certificate is surrendered to the Company. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer,
transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer,
transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it maybe issued by the Company with the same effect as if he or she were
such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

The Company shall not issue any shares of its capital
stock as partly paid or otherwise subject to call for any remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor.

8.4
Special Designation On Certificates.

If the Company is authorized to issue more than
one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such
preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Company shall issue
to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate
that the Company shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Company will furnish without charge to each
stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

8.5
Lost Certificates.

Except as provided in this Section 8.5,
no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Company
and cancelled at the same time. The Company may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate
previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Company may (a) require the owner of the lost, stolen
or destroyed certificate, or the owners legal representative, to undertake to indemnify the Company against any claim that may
be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate
or uncertificated shares, and, in addition, (b) upon approval of the Board of Directors, require the owner of the lost, stolen or
destroyed certificate, or the owners legal representative, to give the Company a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim
that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate
or uncertificated shares.

8.6
Construction; Definitions; Consent to Jurisdiction.

Unless the context requires otherwise, the general
provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these
Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular,
and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person. Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company,
(ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to
the Company or the Companys stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Delaware Court
of Chancery, or if the Delaware Court of Chancery determines that it does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court
for the District of Delaware or any court of the State of Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction regarding the matter. For so long
as the last two sentences of this Section 8.6, remain effective, each stockholder that acquires capital stock on or after
the date these Bylaws were adopted shall be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of the last two sentences of this
Section 8.6.

8.7
Dividends.

The directors of the Company, subject to any restrictions
contained in (a) the Delaware General Corporation Law or (b) the certificate of incorporation, may declare and pay dividends
upon the shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Companys capital stock.

The directors of the Company may set apart out
of any of the funds of the Company available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve.
Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Company, and meeting
contingencies.

8.8
Fiscal Year.

The fiscal year of the Company shall be fixed by
resolution of the Board of Directors and may be changed by the Board of Directors.

8.9
Seal.

The Company may adopt a corporate seal, which may
be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.

8.10
Transfer Of Stock.

Upon surrender to the Company or the transfer agent
of the Company of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to
transfer, subject to any applicable transfer restrictions, it shall be the duty of the Company to issue a new certificate to the person
entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.

8.11
Stock Transfer Agreements.

The Company shall have power to enter into and
perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Company to restrict the transfer of shares
of stock of the Company of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the Delaware General Corporation
Law.

8.12
Registered Stockholders.

The Company shall be entitled to recognize the
exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner and shall not
be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not
it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

8.13
Facsimile Signature.

In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile
signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any officer or officers of the Company may be used
whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.

ARTICLE IX - AMENDMENTS

These Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed
by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Company may, in its certificate of incorporation, confer
the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall
not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511996d1_8kimg001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511996d1_ex3-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>watt-20250408.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>watt-20250408_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>watt-20250408_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 08, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-36379

Entity Registrant Name ENERGOUS CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001575793

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-1318953

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3590
North First Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
330

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95134

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 963-0200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol WATT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://energous.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2511996d1_8k.htm 
watt-20250408.xsd 
watt-20250408_lab.xml 
watt-20250408_pre.xml 

tm2511996d1_8kimg001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-034243-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2511996d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001575793 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001575793 
8-K 
2025-04-08 
ENERGOUS CORPORATION 
DE 
001-36379 
46-1318953 
3590 North First Street 
Suite 330 
San Jose 
CA 
95134 
408 
963-0200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
WATT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>