<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-002956.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-002956.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121092143
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-002956
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sidus Space Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001879726
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				460628183
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41154
		FILM NUMBER:		25540780

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 IMPERIAL BLVD.
		CITY:			CAPE CANAVERAL
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32920
		BUSINESS PHONE:		321-613-5620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 N. SYKES CREEK PKWY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			MERRITT ISLAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32953
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000187972600018797262025-01-142025-01-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 14, 2025

SIDUS
SPACE, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41154 46-0628183

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

150
N. Sykes Creek Parkway, Suite 200

Merritt
Island, FL 32953

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (321)613-5620

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class 

Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share SIDU Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal
Officers.

On
January 14, 2025, Adarsh Parekh was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective January 27, 2025. Mr. Parekh hasentered into an employment agreement with the Company for a
one year term which will automatically renew for successive one year terms unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal
(the Agreement).

Under
the terms of the Agreement, Mr. Parekh is entitled to receive an annual base salary of $325,000 with an annual performance bonus with
a target amount equal to up to 40% of his annual base salary based upon the Boards assessment of Mr. Parekhs and the Companys
attainment of goals as set by the Board in its sole discretion. In accordance with the Agreement, Mr. Parekh will also be granted a restricted
stock unit of 25,000 shares of the Companys Class A common stock which will vest over three years. In addition, the Agreement
contains non-competition and non-solicitation provisions.

Pursuant
to the Agreement, in the event Mr. Parekhs employment is terminated without cause, due to a non-renewal by the Company, or if
he resigns for good reason (in each case, other than within twelve (12) months following a change in control), Mr. Parekh
is entitled to (i) a cash payment equal to 50% of his annual base salary in effect on his last day of employment; (ii) a lump sum payment
equal to the amount of any annual bonus earned with respect to a prior fiscal year, but unpaid as of the date of termination; (iv) a
lump sum payment equal to the amount of annual bonus that was accrued through the date of termination for the year in which employment
ends; and (v) subject to Mr. Parekhs compliance with his restrictive covenants, the outstanding and unvested portion of any time-vesting
equity award that would have vested during the one (1) year period following Mr. Parekhs termination had he remained an employee
shall automatically vest upon his termination date.

In
the event that Mr. Parekhs employment is terminated due to his death or disability, he will be entitled to receive (i) any accrued
but unpaid base salary, (ii) a lump sum payment equal to the amount of any annual bonus earned with respect to a prior fiscal year, but
unpaid as of the date of termination; and (iii) a lump sum payment equal to the amount of annual bonus that was accrued for the year
in which employment ends.

In
the event that Mr. Parekhs employment is terminated due to his non-renewal or resignation without good reason, he
will be entitled to receive (i) any accrued but unpaid base salary; (ii) a lump sum payment equal to the amount of any annual bonus earned
with respect to a prior fiscal year, but unpaid as of the date of termination and (iii) a lump sum payment equal to the amount of annual
bonus that was accrued for the year in which employment ends.

There
are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Parekh and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an officer of the
Company, and there is no family relationship between Mr. Parekh and any of the Companys other directors or executive officers.

The
foregoing description of the Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement, which is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

A
press release announcing these matters is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement dated January 13, 2025 between Sidus Space, Inc. and Adarsh Parekh

99.1 Press Release dated January 21, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

-2-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SIDUS
SPACE, INC.

Dated:
January 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/
Carol Craig

Name: Carol
Craig

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (this Agreement), dated January 13, 2025, is by and among Sidus Space, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), and Adarsh Parekh (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to employ Executive, and Executive desires to be employed by, the Company, in each case effective as of the date
of this Agreement (the Effective Date);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the foregoing, Executive shall be required to perform Executives duties and obligations hereunder on behalf
of the Company, as appropriate, and such duties and obligations shall be enforceable by the Company;

WHEREAS,
this Agreement supersedes any and all prior employment agreements or similar agreements by and between Executive and the Company;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree that the above recitals
are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement and are binding upon the parties hereto and agree as follows:

1.
Employment. The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to be employed with the Company, upon
the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. Unless earlier terminated by either party in accordance with Section 5,
Executives employment with the Company shall continue for an initial term commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until
the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term) and thereafter shall automatically renew for successive
one year terms (each a Renewal Term) unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other party
at least sixty (60) days prior to the last day of the then-current term (such Initial Term and subsequent Renewal Term(s) or portions
thereof occurring prior to termination, collectively the Employment Period).

2.
Duties.

2.1
During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve the Company on a full-time basis and perform services in a capacity and in a manner
consistent with Executives position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Financial Officer of the Company
and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with such position, as the Chief Executive Officer (the
CEO) may designate from time to time. Executive will report directly to the CEO. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
during the Employment Period, Executive may (i) serve as a director, officer and/or advisor of two (2) for-profit companies without the
prior approval of the Company Board; provided that such companies are not in a Competitive Business with the Company; (ii) perform and
participate in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community and industry affairs and other related activities; and (iii) manage
Executives personal investments, provided, however, that such activities do not materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate
with the performance of Executives duties hereunder.

-1-

3.
Location Of Employment. Executive shall work remotely from his home office in El Segundo, California, and shall be a California
employee.

4.
Compensation.

4.1
Base Salary. In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base
salary at an annual rate of $325,000 (the Base Salary) during the Employment Period. The Base Salary shall be paid in such
installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees, but no less often than once per month on or before
the 26th day of the calendar month during which services were performed, and subject to applicable taxes and withholdings.

4.2
Annual Discretionary Bonus. During each fiscal year of the Executives employment with the Company (commencing with the
2025 fiscal year), Executive will be eligible to receive an annual discretionary bonus (Cash Bonus). Executives
target Cash Bonus shall be up to 40% of Base Salary (the Target Bonus). The Cash Bonus amount will be based, in
part, upon achievement of Company and individual performance targets established by the Compensation Committee, and other factors considered
by the Compensation Committee in its sole and absolute discretion, for the fiscal year to which the bonus relates. The payment of any
Cash Bonus described herein will be made at the same time annual bonuses are generally paid to other senior executives of the Company
(generally the first regular payroll date following the Company Boards certification of achievement of applicable performance
targets). If Executive is eligible to receive a Cash Bonus, such bonus will not be deemed to be fully earned unless Executive
is (i) employed by the Company and in good standing on the last day of the fiscal year to which the Cash Bonus relates, and (ii) has
not given notice of Executives intention to resign Executives employment as of, or prior to, the date the Company pays
the applicable Cash Bonus. The Cash Bonus shall be paid to Executive no later than 75 days following the period for which the bonus is
payable.

4.3
Time-Vesting Equity Award. Executive will receive a Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) grant of 25,000 unvested shares
of Sidus Space Class A common stock (Unvested Shares) during the fiscal Quarter immediately following hire (the Grant
Date), subject to executing the Company standard written RSU agreement containing specific terms and conditions of the RSU grant,
for which shall also govern the vesting of Executives Unvested Shares. Vesting shall be a three year cliff vest for all 25,000
shares. Additionally, you will be eligible to participate in the Companys Equity Incentive Plan. The type and number of shares
as well as the vesting schedule will be recommended to the Compensation Committee by the CEO, as appropriate. Upon Board approval, and
subject to executing the Company standard written equity agreement containing specific terms and conditions of the equity award, shares
subject to that equity agreement will be granted.

4.4
Paid Leave Benefits. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to 160 hours (4 weeks) annual vacation (which shall
accrue proportionately each pay period and carry over in the following calendar year, but subject to a maximum accrual cap of 240 hours
(6 weeks)), 40 hours annual paid sick leave (which shall be granted at the time of hire and at the beginning of the calendar year thereafter,
but which shall not carryover into the following calendar year), and 10 paid holidays annually (which may be used for time off within
seven days of a Company-recognized holiday or federal- or state-recognized holiday) consistent with applicable laws and Company policy,
as may be in effect from time to time, except to the extent such policy is inconsistent with this Agreement.

-2-

4.5
Benefits. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit plans offered by the Company
as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans) on the same basis as those generally made available
to other employees of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that any such Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion,
and subject to the terms of such Benefit Plans. The Company will cover Executive under directors and officers liability
insurance, with Executive as a named insured, during Executives employment (and for a period of six (6) years following the termination
thereof), to the same general extent as other executive officers of the Company.

5.
Termination. Executives employment hereunder may be terminated as follows:

5.1
Automatically in the event of the death of Executive;

5.2
At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executives personal representative in the event of the Disability
of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a determination by an independent competent medical authority
(mutually agreed upon by Executive and the Company) that Executive is unable to perform Executives duties under this Agreement
with or without reasonable accommodation, for a period of 120 consecutive days or 180 days in any 365 day period. If there is a question
as to the existence of Executives Disability as to which Executive and the Company cannot agree, same shall be determined in writing
by a qualified independent medical authority mutually acceptable to Executive and the Company. If the parties hereto cannot agree as
to a qualified independent physician, each of the Executive, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other, shall appoint such a physician
and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing
to the Company and Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. Executive shall fully cooperate
in connection with the determination of whether Disability exists.

5.3
At the option of the Company for Cause (as defined in Section 6.6), on prior written notice to Executive (subject to any cure
period described in Section 6.6);

5.4
At the option of the Company without Cause, on thirty (30) days prior written notice to Executive;

5.5
At the option of Executive (a) for Good Reason (in accordance with the definition in Section 6.5) or (b) for any or no reason
other than Good Reason on thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion,
make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice and further provided that if Executive unilaterally
resigns Executives employment before the end of such requisite notice period then such resignation shall be treated for purposes
of this Agreement as a termination under Section 5.4); or

5.6
As of the last day of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term if either Executive or
the Company elects not to renew the Agreement in accordance with and subject to the notice provisions set forth in Section 1.

-3-

6.
Severance Payments.

6.1
Non-Renewal by the Company, Termination by the Company Without Cause or Termination by Executive for Good Reason. If Executives
employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (and not due to death or Disability), by Executive for Good Reason or as
the result of the Companys decision not to renew the Agreement in accordance with Section 1, subject to Section
6.7 hereof, Executive shall be entitled to:

(a)
within thirty (30) days following such termination, payment of Executives accrued and unpaid Base Salary and reimbursement of
expenses under Section 7 hereof in each case accrued through the date of termination;

(b)
subject to Section 13.7(b) hereof, an amount in cash equal to the product of 1/2 times the sum of (i) Executives Base Salary
as in effect as of Executives last day of employment), which shall be payable in substantially equal installments (the Severance
Amount) at the same time Base Salary would be paid over the six (6) month period (the Severance Period)
following termination; provided, however, if the Executives review and revocation period for the release of claims
required pursuant to Section 6.7 hereof spans two of Executives taxable years, the first payment shall be made on the first
regularly scheduled payroll date of the later taxable year following the effective date of such release of claims and shall include all
amounts accrued prior thereto;

(c)
if Executive is eligible for and elects to enroll in COBRA type continuation coverage of Executives health benefits
under the Companys group health plan, for the Severance Period (COBRA Payment Period) the Company will pay
Executive on a monthly basis a taxable amount equal to the COBRA premium costs for that month, less applicable taxes and withholdings;
provided, that the Companys obligation to make these monthly taxable COBRA premium payments to Executive hereunder shall cease
on the earlier of: (i) the date on which Executive first becomes eligible for coverage under any group health plan made available by
another employer (and Executive shall notify the Company in writing promptly, but within 10 days, after becoming eligible for any such
benefits); and (ii) the date on which Executives COBRA continuation coverage under the Companys group health plan ends
on account of Executives election to terminate such coverage;

(d)
a lump sum payment equal to the amount of any Cash Bonus earned with respect to a fiscal year ending prior to the date of such termination
but unpaid as of such date, payable at the same time in the year of termination as such payment would be made if Executive continued
to be employed by the Company, but in no event later than 73 days following the end of the fiscal
year in which the termination occurs;

(e)
a lump sum payment equal to the amount of Cash Bonus that was accrued for the year in which Executives
employment ends based upon the good faith determination of the Company Board in accordance with the Companys normal practices
as of the last day of the calendar month during which Executives termination became effective (it being understood that the Company
will accrue the Cash Bonus on a monthly basis), payable no later than 73 days after the termination date;

-4-

(f)
all other accrued or vested amounts or benefits due to Executive in accordance with this Agreement, the Companys benefit plans,
programs or policies (other than severance), and the treatment of Executives Award in accordance with the Award Agreement; and

(g)
subject to Executives compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 8 hereof, the outstanding and unvested portion
of any time-vesting equity award(s) granted to Executive by the Company shall automatically accelerate and vest in full upon Executives
termination date.

6.2
Termination due to Executives Death or Disability. Upon the termination of Executives employment due to Executives
death or Disability pursuant to Section 5.1 and Section 5.2 respectively, Executive
or Executives legal representatives shall be entitled to receive (i) the acceleration and vesting in full of any then outstanding
and unvested portion of any time-vesting equity award granted to Executive by the Company; and (ii) the payments and benefits described
under Sections 6.1(a), (d), (e) and (f).

6.3
Termination due to Non-Renewal by Executive or Termination by Executive without Good Reason. Upon the termination of Executives
employment due to the non-renewal by Executive or termination by Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive
only the payments and benefits described in Sections 6.1(a), (d), (e), and (f), and the treatment of Executives Award in
accordance with the Award Agreement.

6.4
Termination by the Company for Cause. Upon the termination of Executives employment by the Company for Cause pursuant to
Section 5.3, Executive shall be entitled to receive only the payments and benefits described in Sections 6.1(a) and (f), and the
treatment of Executives Award in accordance with the Award Agreement.

6.5
Termination Following Change in Control. If Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive
for Good Reason within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, Executive shall be entitled to receive the following: (i) the
acceleration and vesting in full of any then outstanding and unvested portion of any time-vesting equity award(s) granted to Executive
by the Company; (ii) the benefits described in Section 6.1(b) and (c), provided, however, that the Severance Amount shall
equal 1/2 times the sum of Base Salary and Target Bonus and the Severance Period shall be 6 months; and (iii) the benefits described
in Section 6.1(a), (d), (e) and (f).

6.6
Definitions.

(a)
Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i)
Executives continued failure or refusal to follow the lawful directives of the Company Board after being given written notice
and thirty (30) days to remedy such failures or refusals;

-5-

(ii)
Executives willful misconduct, gross negligence, act of material dishonesty in connection with Executives employment;

(iii)
Executives indictment for, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, any felony or any other criminal offence involving serious moral
turpitude;

(iv)
Executives violation of any material written policies of the Company or its affiliates of which Executive has received written
notice and which violation is, in each case, if curable, is not cured within thirty (30) days of written notice from the Company;

(v)
Executives breach of any non-solicitation or non-competition obligations to the Company or its affiliates, including, without
limitation, those set forth in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 of this Agreement or Executives willful, grossly negligent,
or reckless breach of any confidentiality obligations to the Company or its affiliates, including, without limitation, those set forth
in Section 8.3 of this Agreement;

(vi)
material breach by Executive of any of the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and its affiliates
on the one hand and Executive on the other hand, which (if curable) is not cured within thirty (30) days of written notice; or

(vii)
as provided in Section 13.1 hereof.

(b)
Change in Control shall have the meaning given that term in the Companys 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, and
as amended.

(c)
Good Reason shall mean, without Executives prior written consent, (i) a material diminution in Executives
title, authority, duties or responsibilities; (ii) a material reduction in Base Salary; (iii) a material reduction in the target percentage
of the Executives Cash Bonus; (iv) the relocation of Executives principal place of employment more than fifty (50) miles
from its then current location; or (v) a breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement (the parties agreeing that
Section 4.1 is one such material provision). Any Good Reason termination will require thirty (30) days advanced written
notice by Executive of the event giving rise to Good Reason within sixty (60) days after Executive first learns of the applicable event,
and will not be effective unless the Company has not cured the Good Reason event within such thirty (30) day notice period. In order
for Executive to resign for Good Reason, Executive must resign from Executives employment within sixty (60) days after the failure
of the Company to cure a Good Reason event.

(d)
Person means any natural person, sole proprietorship, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, governmental authority or any other organization,
irrespective of whether it is a legal entity and includes any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity.

-6-

6.7
Conditions to Payment. All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6, other than the payments due to
Executive under Sections 6.1(a), (d), and (f) or which are otherwise required by law (all other payments under Section 6, Severance),
shall only be payable if Executive (or Executives beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the
terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Such general
release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within fifty-five (55) days following termination. Failure
to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executives right to receive
any Severance. In addition, Severance shall be conditioned on Executives compliance with Section 8 hereof.

7.
Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by
Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executives duties hereunder,
in each case subject to appropriate substantiation and itemization of such expenses in accordance with the guidelines and limitations
established by the Company from time to time.

8.
Restrictions on Activities of Executive.

8.1
Non-Competition. During employment (the Restriction Period), Executive covenants and agrees that Executive
shall not directly or indirectly (whether for compensation or otherwise) own or hold any interest in, manage, operate, control, consult
with, render services for, or in any manner participate in, any Competitive Business, in each case, either as a general or limited partner,
proprietor, shareholder, officer, director, agent, employee, consultant, trustee, affiliate or otherwise. For purposes of this Agreement,
Competitive Business shall mean the satellite and space hardware manufacturing business.

8.2
Non-Solicitation. Executive covenants and agrees that, except in connection with the performance of Executives duties to
the Company, during the Restriction Period, Executive shall not directly or indirectly (i) influence or attempt to influence or solicit
any employees or independent contractors of the Company or any of its affiliates to restrict, reduce, sever or otherwise alter their
relationship with the Company or such affiliates, (ii) hire any employees or independent contractors of the Company or any of its affiliates,
(iii) solicit or induce, or attempt to solicit or induce, any Person that is then a client or customer of the Company, or any of its
affiliates to cease being a client or customer of the Company or any of its affiliates or to divert all or any part of such Persons
business from the Company or any of its affiliates, or (iv) assist any other Person in any way to do, or attempt to do, anything prohibited
by Sections 8.2(i), (ii), or (iii); provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions shall not include (A) general
solicitations of employment or hiring of persons responding to general solicitations of employment (including general advertising via
periodicals, the Internet and other media) not specifically directed towards employees of the Company or its affiliates, or (B) serving
as a third-party reference for any employee or independent contractor or providing advice to any employees.

-7-

8.3
Confidentiality. Executive shall not, during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter directly or indirectly, disclose,
reveal, divulge or communicate to any Person other than authorized officers, directors and employees of the Company or use or otherwise
exploit for Executives own benefit or for the benefit of anyone other than the Company, any Confidential Information (as defined
below). Confidential Information means any information with respect to the Company or any of its affiliates, including
methods of operation, customer lists, products, prices, fees, costs, technology, formulas, inventions, trade secrets, know-how, software,
marketing methods, plans, personnel, suppliers, competitors, markets or other specialized information or proprietary matters; provided,
that, there shall be no obligation hereunder with respect to, information that (i) is generally available to the public on the
Effective Date, (ii) becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure not otherwise permissible hereunder,
or (iii) is required to be disclosed by law, court order or other legal or regulatory process and Executive gives the Company prompt
written notice and the opportunity to seek a protective order. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive understands that pursuant to the
federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret
law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law;
or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing contained
in this Agreement shall limit Executives ability to communicate with any federal, state or local governmental agency or commission,
including to provide documents or other information, without notice to the Company. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed
to preclude Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination
or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful.

8.4
Assignment of Inventions.

(a)
Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements,
trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright
or trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any
way connected with the Companys strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the business (collectively, Inventions),
shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive
or any of Executives assignees. Regardless of the status of Executives employment by the Company, Executive and Executives
heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions
made during employment with the Company.

(b)
Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Companys
expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights,
trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and
transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors
and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure
Executives signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or
to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executives physical or mental incapacity,
or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executives attorney-in-fact
to act on Executives behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution
or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark.

-8-

8.5
Return of Company Property. Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executives employment, Executive
or Executives personal representative shall return all property of the Company and its affiliates in Executives possession,
including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), smart phones, facsimile machines, tablet computers
and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including
drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the business of the Company and its affiliates, its customers
and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain
(i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information,
(ii) information showing Executives compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs
and agreements relating to Executives employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which Executive received in Executives
capacity as a participant.

8.6
Cooperation. During the Employment Period and for six years thereafter, Executive shall give Executives assistance and
cooperation, upon reasonable advance notice, in any litigation matter relating to Executives position with the Company and its
affiliates, or Executives knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executives attendance
and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Companys (or an affiliates)
defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which Executive was
involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executives employment with the Company, in all cases on
schedules that are reasonably consistent with Executives other permitted activities and commitments. The Company agrees
to reimburse Executive for any costs Executive incurs in connection with complying with this Section, including Executives reasonable
attorneys fees. If Executives compliance with this Section requires Executive to expend more than ten (10) hours (any time
in excess of ten (10) hours, Excess Time) in any quarter of a calendar year, the Company agrees to compensate Executive
for such Excess Time at an hourly rate that is equal to the prorata rate the Executive earned while under employment with the Company.

8.7
Non-Disparagement. During Executives employment with the Company, and at all times thereafter, (i) Executive shall not
make either orally or in writing any derogatory or disparaging statement with regard to the Company, any of its businesses, products,
services or practices or any of its managers, directors, officers, employees or agents, and (ii) the Company shall direct the members
of the Company Board and its senior executives not to make either orally or in writing any derogatory or disparaging statement with regard
to the Executive, provided that nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent either party from giving a deposition, responding to any subpoena
or other lawful request for information or documentation made in the course of a legal or administrative proceeding or testifying in
court or in any other legal proceeding.

8.8
Survival. This Section 8 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive.

-9-

9.
Remedies. It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement
is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach,
and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company
shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement by Executive and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive
relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated.

10.
Blue Pencil. Each of the rights enumerated in this Agreement shall be independent
of the others and shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any other rights and remedies available to the Company or any of its direct
or indirect subsidiaries at law or in equity. If any of the provisions of this Agreement or any part of any of them is hereafter construed
or adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable because of the duration of such provisions or the area or scope covered thereby, Executive
agrees that the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration, scope and/or area of such provisions to
the maximum and/or broadest duration, scope and/or area permissible by law, and in its reduced form said provision shall then be enforceable.

11.
Severable Provisions. The provisions of this Agreement, or any portions thereof, are severable and the invalidity of any one
or more provisions or portions thereof shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction
shall determine that any provision or portion thereof of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part
because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power
to reduce the duration or scope of such provision or portion thereof to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement
in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law.

12.
Notices. All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered by hand
or mailed by (a) certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows:

If
to the Company:

Sidus
Space, Inc.

150
N Sykes Creek Pkwy Ste 200

Merritt
Island, FL 32953

Attention:
Carol Craig

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

FordHarrison
LLP

Attn:
____________

If
to Executive:

The
last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance
with this Section 12.

-10-

13.
Miscellaneous.

13.1
Executive Representation. Executive hereby represents to the Company that Executives execution and delivery of this Agreement
and Executives performance of Executives duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or
be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is
a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to any limitation on Executives activities on behalf of
the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers.
To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate
Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to commence employment.

13.2
No Mitigation or Offset. In the event of any termination of Executives employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no
obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, and there shall be no
offset against amounts due Executive under this Agreement on account of future earnings by Executive.

13.3
Entire Agreement; Amendment. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or
oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties.

13.4
Assignment and Transfer. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and
any successor in interest to the Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Companys assets. The Company may assign
this Agreement to an affiliate. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable
by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred
or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable law. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of and be enforceable by Executives personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries.

13.5
Waiver of Breach. A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate
or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party.

13.6
Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder
any federal, state, local or foreign withholding, FICA and FUTA contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from
time to time required to withhold.

-11-

13.7
Code Section 409A.

(a)
The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the regulations
and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A), and all provisions
of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section
409A. In no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive
under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A.

(b)
A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment
of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination
of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for
purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment
or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified
employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of
any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from
service, such payment or benefit shall be made or provided at the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month
period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executives death
(the Delay Period). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this
Section 13.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay)
shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum, and any
remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified
for them herein.

(c)
With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by
Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit,
(ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided, that, this clause (ii) shall
not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Internal Revenue Code Section 105(b) solely because
such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before
the last day of Executives taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred.

(d)
For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated
as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period
with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination),
the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company.

13.8
Indemnification. On the [Insert Effective Date], Executive and the Company entered into an indemnification agreement
(the Indemnification Agreement) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. The Company shall
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law indemnify and hold harmless Executive as provided in the Indemnification Agreement.

13.9
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without
regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

13.10
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall
have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument.

[remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

-12-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

SIDUS SPACE, INC.

By: /s/ Carol Craig

Name: Carol Craig

Title: CEO

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Adarsh Parekh

Adarsh Parekh

-13-

EXHIBIT
A

EXHIBIT B

[Indemnification
Agreement]

EXHIBIT
C

[KPIs]

EXHIBIT
D

[Roles
and Responsibilities]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Sidus
Space Appoints Adarsh Parekh as New Chief Financial Officer (CFO) to Spearhead Strategic Financial Initiatives

CAPE
CANAVERAL, FL, [January 21, 2025] Sidus Space (NASDAQ: SIDU), an innovative and agile space mission enabler, today announced
the appointment of Adarsh Parekh as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective January 27, 2025.

Exceptional
Financial Leadership

Mr.
Parekh brings over two decades of financial expertise marked by:

$3
billion in M&A, capital markets and direct investing experience

A
proven record of scaling organizations in industries including aerospace, medical technology,
and agriculture

A
history of implementing strategies to drive profitability and sustainable growth.

Most
recently, Mr. Parekh served as Chief Financial Officer of Terran Orbital Corporation and directed all finance and accounting functions.
Mr. Parekhs experience in financial services and financial operations also includes serving as CFO of Alio, Inc. and Woodspur
Farms, LLC. He has held senior positions at RRG Capital Management LLC, OneWest Bank FSB, and Libra Securities, LLC and began his career
in the Investment Banking Division at Lehman Brothers, Inc.

Strategic
Vision for Sidus Space

Reporting
directly to Carol Craig, Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Sidus Space, Mr. Parekh will lead all financial operations focusing on optimizing
efficiency and advancing the companys mission to achieve sustainable growth and profitability.

Adarsh
Parekh is a natural fit for Sidus Space at this exciting juncture, said Carol Craig, CEO of Sidus Space. His extensive
financial expertise and sharp focus on profitability will be critical as we continue to execute on our strategic goals. We are confident
that his leadership will drive our financial objectives and deliver long-term value for our stakeholders during this pivotal period of
growth and expansion.

Sidus
Space continues to strengthen its leadership team as it expands its position in the rapidly evolving space economy, with a focus on delivering
innovative solutions while achieving financial milestones and operational excellence.

About
Sidus Space

Sidus Space (NASDAQ: SIDU) is a space mission enabler providing flexible, cost-effective solutions including custom satellite design,
payload hosting, mission management, space manufacturing, and AI-enhanced space-based sensor data-as-a-service. With its mission of Space
Access Reimagined, Sidus Space is committed to rapid innovation, adaptable and cost-effective solutions, and the optimization
of space system and data collection performance. With demonstrated space heritage, including manufacturing and operating its own satellite
and sensor system, LizzieSat, Sidus Space serves government, defense, intelligence, and commercial companies around the globe.
Strategically headquartered on Floridas Space Coast, Sidus Space operates a 35,000-square-foot space manufacturing, assembly,
integration, and testing facility and provides easy access to nearby launch facilities. For more information, visit: ww.sidusspace.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

Statements
in this press release about future expectations, plans and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not
historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the expected trading commencement and closing dates.
The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect,
intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should,
target, will, would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated
by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including: the uncertainties related to market conditions
and other factors described more fully in the section entitled Risk Factors in Sidus Spaces Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking
statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and Sidus Space, Inc. specifically disclaims any obligation
to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Contacts:

Sidus
Investor Relations

investorrelations@sidusspace.com

Sidus
Media Inquiries

press@sidusspace.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sidu-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sidu-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sidu-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41154

Entity Registrant Name SIDUS
SPACE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001879726

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-0628183

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 150
N. Sykes Creek Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Merritt
Island

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32953

City Area Code (321)

Local Phone Number 613-5620

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol SIDU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sidusspace.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
sidu-20250114.xsd 
sidu-20250114_lab.xml 
sidu-20250114_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-002956-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001879726 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001879726 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
SIDUS SPACE, INC. 
DE 
001-41154 
46-0628183 
150 N. Sykes Creek Parkway 
Suite 200 
Merritt Island 
FL 
32953 
(321) 
613-5620 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
SIDU 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>