<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-029974.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-029974.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408170010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-029974
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Siddhi Acquisition Corp (Cayman Islands)
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002034037
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				981799837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42578
		FILM NUMBER:		25822670

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WALL STREET, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		332-263-3385

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WALL STREET, 20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237160-8k_siddhiacq.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

April 2, 2025

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported)

Siddhi Acquisition
Corp

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42368 n/a

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

100 Wall Street, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10005

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (347) 316-8312

N/A

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share SDHI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one Class A ordinary share SDHIR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one Class A ordinary shares SDHIU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

As previously disclosed on
a Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 3, 2025, Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the Company) consummated its initial
public offering (the IPO) of 27,600,00 units (the Units), which includes full exercise of the
underwriters over-allotment option to purchase 3,600,000 additional Units. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (Class
A Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial
business combination. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $276,000,000.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement (the Private Placement) in which Siddhi Sponsor LLC (the
Sponsor), purchased 338,000 private units (the Private Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private
Unit, generating gross proceeds of $3,380,000.

As of April 2, 2025, a total of $277,380,000 of the net proceeds from
the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders.

An audited balance sheet as of April 2, 2025 reflecting receipt of
the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement is included with this report as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Balance Sheet dated April 2, 2025

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: April 8, 2025 

SIDDHI ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Sam Potter 

Name: Sam Potter 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023716001ex99-1_siddhiacq.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BALANCE SHEET DATED APRIL 2, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Financial Statement of Siddhi Acquisition Corp: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of April2, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

Siddhi Acquisition Corp:

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the Company) as of April 2, 2025 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of April 2, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statement based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys auditor
since 2024.

New York, New York

April 8, 2025

F-2

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

BALANCE SHEET

April 2, 2025

Assets: 

Cash $ 1,448,714 

Prepaid expenses 25,600 

Total Current Assets 1,474,314 

Cash held in Trust Account 277,380,000 

Total Assets $ 278,854,314 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Accrued expenses $ 56,650 

Accrued offering costs 107,415 

Promissory note related party 205,000 

Total Current Liabilities 369,065 

Advisory fee 8,280,000 

Deferred underwriting fee 8,280,000 

Total Liabilities 16,929,065 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 27,600,000 shares at a redemption value of $10.05 per share 277,380,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 338,000 issued and outstanding, excluding 27,600,000 shares subject to possible redemption 34 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 6,900,000 shares issued and outstanding(1) 690 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (15,455,475 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (15,454,751 )

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit $ 278,854,314 

(1) On October 7, 2024, the Company, through a share capitalization,
by way of entering into an amended and restated subscription agreement, issued the Sponsor an additional 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares,
as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares. On February 10, 2025, the
Company, through a share recapitalization, by way of entering into an amended and restated subscription agreement, the Sponsor surrendered
1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares, as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
shares. On March 31, 2025, the Company, through a share recapitalization, the Sponsor issued an additional 1,150,000 Class B ordinary
shares, as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares. All share and per
share data has been retrospectively presented.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statement.

F-3

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operations

Siddhi Acquisition Corp (the Company)
is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation on July 5, 2024. The Company was incorporated for
the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination
target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company.

As of April 2, 2025, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from July 5, 2024 (inception) through April 2, 2025 relates to the Companys formation
and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form
of interest income on investments from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31
as its fiscal year end.

The Companys Sponsor is Siddhi Sponsor
LLC (the Sponsor). The registration statement for the Companys Initial Public Offering was declared effective on
March 31, 2025. On April 2, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 units at $10.00 per unit (the
Units), which includes the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, which is discussed in Note 3.
Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (the Public Share) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th)
of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the Public Right).

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 338,000 private placement units (the
Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $3,380,000. Each
Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (each, a Private Placement Share) and one right entitling
the holder thereof to receive one tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination
(each, a Private Placement Right).

Transaction costs amounted to $9,056,885, consisting
of $250,000 of cash underwriting fee, $8,280,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and $526,885 of other offering costs.

The Companys management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting
commissions).

The Companys Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination.

F-4

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operations (cont.)

Upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering on April 2, 2025, an amount of $277,380,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units, and a portion
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in the Trust Account (the Trust Account)
and initially will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole
purpose of facilitating the intended Business Combination. To mitigate the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment
company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust
Account, the Company may, at any time (based on the management teams ongoing assessment of all factors related to the
Companys potential status under the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the
Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes,
if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units will not be released from the
Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, (ii) the
redemption of the Companys public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within
21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 24 months from the closing of the Initial Offering if the Company
has executed a definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering) or by such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve (the Completion
Window), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares properly submitted in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to
(A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial
Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business
Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims
of the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys public shareholders.

The Company will provide the Companys public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder
vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business
Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject
to the limitations.

The ordinary shares subject to redemption are
recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less the amount of permitted withdrawals and taxes payable and up to $100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full
and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the
right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination;
(ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote
to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii) waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the
initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares
held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately
negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the
Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination) in favor of the initial Business
Combination.

F-5

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operations (cont.)

The Companys Sponsor has agreed that it
will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than $10.05 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity
of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations.

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (the US GAAP) and pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the
JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the
JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a
class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the
requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected
not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging
growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

F-6

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies (cont.)

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statement in
conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $1,448,714 in cash and no cash
equivalents as of April 2, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of April 2, 2025, the assets held in the Trust
Account, amounting to $277,380,000, were held in cash.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of
the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering. Deferred offering costs
consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt
with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity
and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between Class A
ordinary shares and rights, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value of the rights
and then to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary
equity, and offering costs allocated to the Public Rights and Private Placement Units were charged to shareholder's deficit based on the
equity classification of the underlying financial instruments.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC
Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income
taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets
and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

F-7

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies (cont.)

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company
recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of April 2, 2025, there were
no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman
Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing
requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for the period presented.

Share Rights

The Company accounted for the Public and Private
Placement Rights issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with the guidance contained
in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the rights under
equity treatment at their assigned value.

Class A Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The Public Shares contain a redemption feature
which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company
classifies Public Shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control
of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable
shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares
will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of April
2, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of April 2, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to
possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 276,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights (4,084,800 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost (8,916,563 )

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 14,381,363 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, April 2, 2025 $ 277,380,000 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments
in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief
operating decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure
of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how
the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources.
Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with
a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures
in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on July 5, 2024, date of incorporation.

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statement.

F-8

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 3 Initial Public
Offering

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering on
April 2, 2025, the Company sold 27,600,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option
in the amount of 3,600,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit that the Company is offering has a price of
$10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one Class A
ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination.

Note 4 Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 338,000 Private Placement Units, at a price of $10.00 per unit, or $3,380,000 in
the aggregate in a private placement.

The Private Placement Units are identical to the
Public Rights sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees,
the Private Placement Units (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement
Units), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (ii) will be entitled to registration rights.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination;
(ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote
to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to
redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or
(B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if
the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the
initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account;
and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
(including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the
requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business
Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

Note 5 Related Party
Transactions

FounderShares

On July 15, 2024, the Sponsor entered into
a certain subscription agreement with the Company, paying $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, in exchange for the issuance of
5,750,000 founders shares to the Sponsor. On October 7, 2024, the Company, through a share capitalization, by way of entering into
an amended and restated subscription agreement, issued the Sponsor an additional 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares, as a result of which
the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares. On February 10, 2025, the Company, through a share
recapitalization, by way of entering into an amended and restated subscription agreement, the Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Class B ordinary
shares, as a result of which the Sponsor purchased and held an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. On March 31, 2025, the
Company, through a share recapitalization, the Sponsor issued an additional 1,150,000 Class B ordinary shares, as a result of which the
Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares. All share and per share data has been retrospectively
presented. Up to 900,000 of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent to which
the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. As a result of the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the 900,000 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

On March 27, 2025, the
Sponsor granted membership interests equivalent to an aggregate of 145,000 founder shares to members of the Company in exchange for their
services through the Companys initial Business Combination. The founder shares, represented by such membership interests, will
remain with the Sponsor if the holder of such membership interests are no longer serving the Company prior to the initial Business Combination.
The membership interest assignment of the founder shares to the holders of such interests are in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured
at fair value upon the assignment date. The total fair value of the 145,000 founder shares represented by such membership interests assigned
to the holders of such interests on March 27, 2025 was $214,135 or $1.477 per share. The membership interests were assigned subject to
a performance condition (i.e., providing services through Business Combination). Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the
date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number
of membership interests that ultimately vest times the assignment date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount
initially received for the assignment of the membership interests. As of April 2, 2025, the Company determined that the initial Business
Combination is not considered probable and therefore no compensation expense has been recognized.

F-9

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 5 Related Party
Transactions (cont.)

The Companys initial shareholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof
until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results
in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Companys initial shareholders
with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the
Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will
be released from the Lock-up.

Promissory Note Related Party

The Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company an
aggregate of up to $300,000, as amended, to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan was non-interest
bearing and unsecured. The promissory note was payable on the date on which the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering, out of
the $750,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses, from amounts available for working capital
or from the net proceeds of the offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units not held in the Trust Account. As of April 2, 2025,
the Company had borrowed $205,000 under the promissory note. Borrowings under the note are no longer available.

Administrative Support Fee

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on Marach 31, 2025, to pay a monthly technology, software, computer, systems, administrative support, secretarial services and infrastructure
fee of $15,000 to Siddhi Capital Holdings, until the earlier of an initial Business Combination or liquidation of the Company.

Consultant Services Agreement

A consulting firm affiliated with the Companys
Chief Financial Officer provides accounting services to the Company. In addition, the consultant shall be paid a monthly fee of $3,500,
commencing on April 2, 2025 and a success fee should the Company complete an initial Business Combination of 40,000 shares. If the Company
does not complete an initial Business Combination, the success fee will not be due and payable. As of April 2, 2025, $28,050 is due to
the consulting firm and is recorded in accrued expenses on the balance sheet.

Working Capital Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into Private Placement Units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units
would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of April 2, 2025, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

F-10

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 6 Commitments and
Contingencies

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets
are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict
and the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
(NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the
European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related
individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial
Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue
to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations.
The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other
countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the
length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant
volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyberattacks against
U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead
to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any
of the above mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting
from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the
Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an
initial Business Combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, Private Placement
Units and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Units and Private Placement Units that may be issued upon
conversion of the Working Capital Loans have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of the Companys
securities held by them and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination
pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these
securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the
initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriters Agreement

The underwriter had a 45-day option from the date
of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,600,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On April 2, 2025,
the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option.

The underwriter was entitled to a cash underwriting fees of $250,000
which was paid to Santander US Capital Markets LLC (Santander) upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering.

Additionally, the underwriter is entitled to
a deferred underwriting discount of $0.30 per Unit, or $8,280,000. The deferred underwriting discount will become payable to the underwriter
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Initial Business Combination.

Advisory Fee

In addition, Santander will be entitled to an advisory fee of 3% of
gross proceeds (or $8,280,000), upon and subject to the closing of the initial Business Combination. The terms the agreement deems the
fee earned and recordable as of April 2, 2025, and has been recorded as advisory fee on the accompanying balance sheet.

F-11

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit

Preference Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 1,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At December 31, 2024, there were no
preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At April 2, 2025, there
were 338,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 27,600,000 shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value
of $0.0001 each. On July 15, 2024, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with the Sponsor, issuing 5,750,000
Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share. On October 7, 2024, the Company, through
a share capitalization, by way of entering into an amended and restated subscription agreement, issued the Sponsor an additional
1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares, as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 7,187,500 Class B
ordinary shares. On February 10, 2025, the Company, through a share recapitalization, by way of entering into an amended and
restated subscription agreement, the Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares, as a result of which the Sponsor has
purchased and holds an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. On March 31, 2025, the Company, through a share
recapitalization, the Sponsor issued an additional 1,150,000 Class B ordinary shares, as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased
and holds an aggregate of 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares. All share and per share data has been retrospectively presented. The
founder shares include an aggregate of up to 900,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by
the underwriter in full. As a result of the full exercise
of the over-allotment option by the underwriter, the 900,000 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier
at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering
and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares
convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary
shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the sum of (i) the total
number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (including any Class A
ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the Private Placement Units issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued
or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor
or any of its affiliates or to the Companys officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) minus (iii) any
redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination; provided that such
conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Holders of record of the Companys Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by
the Companys shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as
specified below) requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do
so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the Companys amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the
appointment of directors, meaning, following the Companys initial Business Combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary shares voted for the
appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders of
the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors. Holders of the Class A
ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least 90% (or,
where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes cast by
such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting
of the Company.

F-12

Siddhi Acquisition Corp

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 2, 2025

Note 8 Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of the Companys financial
assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale
of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of
observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions
about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level
1: Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions
for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level
2: Observable
inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level
3: Unobservable
inputs based on assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

The Public Rights have been classified within shareholders
deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The Public Rights were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs inherent in assumptions related to the market adjustments as noted below.
The following table presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public Rights:

April 2, 

2025 

Trade price of Unit $ 10.03 

Stock price $ 9.88 

Market adjustment(1) 15.0 %

Fair value per share right $ 0.148 

(1) Market adjustment reflects additional
factors not fully captured by low volatility selection, which may include likelihood of business combination occurring, market perception
of lack of available or suitable targets, or possible post-acquisition decline of stock price prior to beginning of the exercise period.
The adjustment is determined by comparing traded warrant prices to simulated model outputs.

Note 9 Subsequent Events

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through April 8, 2025, the date that the
financial statement was available to be issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statement.

F-13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>