<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-000325.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-000325.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103184103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-000325
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001648087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				473892903
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41267
		FILM NUMBER:		25508483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5115 MARYLAND WAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 303
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-267-3235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5115 MARYLAND WAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 303
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUBESCAPE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150714
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164808700016480872024-12-132024-12-130001648087AREB:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2024-12-132024-12-130001648087AREB:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember2024-12-132024-12-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December
13, 2024

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41267 47-3892903

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

5115
Maryland Way,
Suite
303

Brentwood,
Tennessee 

37027

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (833)267-3235

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value AREB The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Common
Stock Purchase Warrants AREBW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as dened in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised nancial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

OID
Note

On
December 13, 2024, the Company entered into a three-month promissory note with an accredited investor (the Lender) in the
principal amount of $213,715 (the Note). An original issue discount of $63,715 was applied on the issuance date and was
paid through the issuance of 36,830 shares of the Companys common stock to the Lender, resulting in net loan proceeds to the Company
of $150,000. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, is required to be paid in one lump sum payment
of $155,625 on or before March 13, 2025.

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company
will be obligated to pay to the Lender, in full satisfaction of its obligations, an amount equal to 130% times the sum of (w) the then
outstanding principal amount of the Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Note to the date
of payment plus (y) any amounts owed to the Lender pursuant to the conversion rights referenced below.

At
any time after the issuance date of the Note, the Lender may convert the outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Note into restricted
shares of common stock of the Company at the lesser of (i) $1.73 per share, or (ii) the average of the three (3) lowest VWAPs
in the preceding five (5) day trading period to the conversion date. The Lender agreed to limit the amount of stock received to less
than 4.99% of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or other derivatives attached to this Note. The Company agreed
to reserve a number of shares of common stock equal to three times the number of shares of common stock which may be issuable upon conversion
of the Note at all times.

The
foregoing description of the Note and of all of the parties rights and obligations under the Note is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the Note, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and of which is incorporated herein
by reference.

Amendment
to Alumni Capital Securities Purchase Agreement

As
previously reported, on October 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Alumni Capital LP, a Delaware
limited partnership (Alumni), pursuant to which the Lender made a loan to the Company, evidenced by a promissory note in
the principal amount of $420,000 (the Alumni Note). An original issue discount of $70,000 and commissions to a broker dealer
of $28,000 were applied on the issuance date, resulting in net loan proceeds to the Company of $322,000. Accrued, unpaid interest at
the rate of 10% and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, was required to be paid on or before December 31, 2024. In addition
to the Alumni Note, the Company issued Alumni a five-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 72,165 shares of Common Stock
at $5.82 per share (the Warrant). Copies of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Alumni Note and Warrant were attached as
exhibits to the Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2024.

On
December 31, 2024, the Company and the Lender entered into an amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Amendment)
whereby (i) the maturity date of the Alumni Note was extended to February 17, 2025, (ii) the principal amount of the Alumni Note was
increased by $21,000, and (iii) the exercise price of the Warrant was reduced to $3.50 per share.

2

The
foregoing description of the Amendment and of all of the parties rights and obligations under the Amendment is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and of which is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Sale of Unregistered Securities.

On
December 13, 2024, the Company authorized the issuance of 36,830 shares of common stock pursuant to the OID Note described in Item 1.01
above.

On
December 29, 2024, the Company authorized the issuance of 50,000 shares of common stock to Corey Lambrecht, the Companys COO and
a director, upon the conversion of 100 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.

The
issuance of the shares of Common Stock will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance upon the exemption
from the registration requirements of that Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. The recipients are accredited investors with the
experience and expertise to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in securities of the Company and the financial means to bear
the risks of such an investment.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
December 16, 2024, the Company issued a press release entitled American Rebel Light Beer Announces Placements of Multi-Case Product
Displays at Key Strategic and Premium Retail Accounts Across Tennessee. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit
99.1.

The
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements
are necessarily based on certain assumptions and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements
are based on managements expectations as of the date hereof. The Registrant does not undertake any responsibility for the adequacy,
accuracy or completeness or to update any of these statements in the future. Actual future performance and results could differ from
that contained in or suggested by these forward-looking statements.

The
information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K in such a filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

10.1 $213,715
OID Note dated November 11, 2024

10.2 Alumni
Capital Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 2024

99.1 American
Rebel Light Placements of Multi-Case Product Displays Press Release dated December 16, 2024

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

Date:
January
3, 2025 By: /s/
Charles A. Ross, Jr.

Charles
A. Ross, Jr.

Chief
Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

THIS
NOTE AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE IN THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE IN THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS NOTE UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY TO AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

OID
NOTE

Issuance Date: December 13, 2024 Gross Principal Amount: $213,715.00

Minus
OID Paid In Shares of Common Stock: $63,715.00

Net
Principal Amount to be Repaid: $150,000.00

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay
to Horberg Enterprises LP (the Holder) or its registered assigns or successors in interest, on order, the
sum of Two Hundred Thirteen Thousand Seven Hundred Fifteen Dollars ($213,715.00) (the Principal Amount),
which includes the original issue discount set forth in Section 7 below that is being paid through the issuance of shares of the Borrowers
common stock (the Common Stock), together with any accrued and unpaid interest hereon, on the Twelve Month anniversary
of the date of this Note (the Maturity Date) if not sooner paid.

The
following terms shall apply to this Note:

1.
Interest Rate. Interest payable on this Note shall accrue on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day
year and actual days elapsed at a rate per annum (the Interest Rate) equal to 15% per annum. Interest on the Principal
Amount shall be payable in full on the Maturity Date, whether by acceleration or otherwise.

2.
Payment. Accrued, unpaid Interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in one lump sum of One Hundred
Fifty-Five Thousand Six Hundred Twenty Five Dollars ($155,625) on or before March 13, 2025 (the Maturity Date).
The Company shall have a thirty (30) day grace period with respect to Maturity Date payment. All payments shall be made by bank wire
transfer to the Holders wire instructions, attached hereto as Exhibit A. For the avoidance of doubt, a missed payment shall be
considered an Event of Default, subject to the cure period set forth above.

3.
Borrower Redemption of Principal Amount. The Borrower will have the option of prepaying the outstanding Principal Amount, in whole
or in part, by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the Principal Amount to be redeemed,
together with accrued but unpaid Interest thereon and any and all other sums due, accrued or payable to the Holder arising under this
Note.

1

4.
Issuance of Replacement Note. Upon any partial repayment of this Note, a replacement Note containing the same date and provisions
of this Note shall, at the written request of the Holder, be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the outstanding Principal Amount
of this Note and accrued Interest which shall not have been paid.

5.
Conversion Right. At any time after the Issuance Date of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to convert all or any part
of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists
on the Issuance Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter
be changed or reclassified at the conversion price determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided, however,
that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion
of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of
Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised
or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations
contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect
to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more
than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership The beneficial
ownership limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable
Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Notice
of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 5(c) below; provided that the Notice of
Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower
before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date); however, if the Notice
of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion
Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted
in such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest
rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred
to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant
to Section 5(c) hereof. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and in addition to the limitations set forth herein,
if the Borrower has not obtained Stockholder Approval, the Borrower shall not issue a number of shares of Common Stock under this Agreement,
which when aggregated with all other securities that are required to be aggregated for purposes of Rule 5635(d), would exceed 19.99%
of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of definitive agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions
(the Conversion Limitation). For purposes of this section, Stockholder Approval means such
approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the
stockholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of the shares under this Agreement that, when taken together with any other
securities that are required to be aggregated with the issuance of the shares issued under this Agreement for purposes of Rule 5635(d)
of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Rule 5635(d)), would exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding common stock as
of the date of definitive agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions. Principal Market
means the Exchanges, the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group or an equivalent replacement exchange, and all rules
and regulations relating to such exchange. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Conversion Limitation
shall no longer apply to limit the issuance of shares in conversion of this Note.

2

(a)
Conversion Price. Subject to Nasdaq Rules limiting the conversion price to 75% of the Market Price, The Conversion Price shall
mean the lesser of (i) $1.73 per share (the closing price of Borrowers common stock on the day prior to the Issuance Date), or
(ii) the Market Price (as defined herein) (subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by
the Borrower relating to the Borrowers securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization,
reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). Market Price means the average of the three
(3) lowest VWAPs in the preceding five (5) day trading period to the Conversion Date. VWAP means, for any
security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the Principal Market
is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security
is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg
through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted
average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning
at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average
price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing
ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases,
the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the Holder. All such
determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar
transaction during such period.

(b)
Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period that the Note is outstanding, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common
Stock upon the full conversion of this Note. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved three times the number
of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to
time initially 260,116 shares) (the Reserved Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased) from
time to time (and in the case of each payment received by the Holder hereunder) in accordance with the Borrowers obligations hereunder.
The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition,
if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common
Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper
provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive
rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to
issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute
full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary
certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

3

(c)
Method of Conversion.

(i)
Mechanics of Conversion. As set forth in Section 5 hereof, at any time following 180 days from the Issuance Date, the balance
due pursuant to this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion
(by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New
York time) and (B) subject to Section 4.5(c)(ii), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full
of any amounts owed hereunder).

(ii)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(iii)
Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail
(or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
5(c), the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt subject to the terms hereof and applicable
rules of the Principal Market (as defined hereinbelow) (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of
the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof. Upon receipt by the Borrower
of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the
outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion,
and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted
shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided,
on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue
and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or
any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record,
or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to
the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion.

4

(iv)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated
Securities Transfer (FAST) program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth
herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian
(DWAC) system.

(v)
Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other
remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to willful and purposeful action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall
pay to the Holder $200 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail
to Deliver Fee); provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party
(i.e., transfer agent; and not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect
delivery of such Common Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifteenth day of the month following the month in which
it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in
which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance
with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms
of this Note. The Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure,
attempt to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge
that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 5(c)(v) are justified.

5

(d)
Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless:
(i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) (Rule 144); or (iii) such shares are transferred to
an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance
with this Section 5(d) and who is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

Any
restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the
Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have received an opinion of counsel from Holders counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable
transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the
Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration.

(e)
Effect of Certain Events.

(i)
Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more
than 50% of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower
with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Section 6) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Section 6). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

6

(ii)
Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 5(e)(ii) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days
prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of stockholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

(iii)
Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend
or distribution to the Borrowers stockholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining stockholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would
have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder
of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to such Distribution.

7

6.
Events of Default. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default beyond any applicable grace period, the Holder may
make all sums of Principal, Interest and other fees then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder immediately
due and payable. In the event of such an acceleration, the amount due and owing to the Holder shall be 130% of the outstanding Principal
amount of the Note (plus accrued and unpaid Interest and fees, if any) (the Default Payment). The Default Payment
shall be first applied to accrued and unpaid Interest due on the Note and then to outstanding Principal balance of the Note.

The
occurrence of any of the following events is an Event of Default:

i. Failure
to Pay Principal, Interest or other Fees. The Borrower fails to pay when due any installment
of Principal or Interest hereon in accordance herewith, and such failure shall continue for
a period of thirty (30) days following the date upon which any such payment was due.

ii. Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply
for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part
of its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

iii. Judgments.
Any money judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower
or its property or other assets for more than $2,000,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded
or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days.

iv. Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings or
relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted
by or against the Borrower.

7.
Original Issue Discount. The Holder fully funds this Note upon transfer of $150,000 to Borrower at closing. The difference between
the amount transferred by the Holder to the Borrower and the Principal Amount of this Note is the Original Issue Discount, which the
Borrower shall pay by issuing the Holder 36,830 shares of its restricted (Rule 144) common stock, which shall be issued in the
name of Holder within five (5) business days of the closing and funding of this Note.

8.
No Short Selling. The Holder and any of its affiliates will not engage in any short sales with respect to the Common Stock of
the Borrower during the term of this Note.

9.
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder hereof in the exercise of any power, right or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege
preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are
cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

8

10.
Notices. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon
personal delivery to the party notified, (b) when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient,
if not, then on the next business day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written
verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Borrower at: American Rebel Holdings, Inc., 5115 Maryland Way, Suite
303, Brentwood, TN 37027, email: info@americanrebel.com and to the Holder at the address and email set forth on the signature
page of this Note, or at such other address as the Borrower or the Holder may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the
other parties hereto.

11.
Amendment Provision. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this
instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented, and any successor instrument
issued hereunder, as it may be amended or supplemented.

12.
Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of
the Holder and its successors and assigns, and may not be assigned by the Borrower without the consent of the Holder.

13.
Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. Both parties-agree
to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys
fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law,
then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform
with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity
or unenforceability of any other provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from
bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Borrowers obligations
to Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court in favor
of the Holder.

14.
Construction. Each party acknowledges that its legal counsel participated in the preparation of this Note and, therefore, stipulates
that the rule of construction that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be applied in the interpretation
of this Note to favor any party against the other.

9

15.
Usury. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing
usury, the applicable provision shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum rate of interest or other amount deemed interest
permitted under applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take
advantage of any law that would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or a portion of the principal or interest on this Note.

16.
Registration Rights. The Borrower hereby grants Holder piggy-back registration rights on the 36,830 OID shares of common stock
and any Conversion Shares issued pursuant to this Note for any registration statement the Borrower files under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, except for Forms S-8, S-3 or as otherwise prohibited by an underwriter or placement agent for the Borrowers
securities

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name effective as of this 13th day of December,
2024.

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Charles A. Ross, Jr.

Charles
A. Ross, Jr., CEO/President

HOLDER: 

Horberg
Enterprises LP 

By: /s/
H. Todd Horberg 

H.
Todd Horberg 

Authorized
Signatory of Horberg Enterprises LP 

Address: 915
McCormick Drive 

Lake
Forest, IL 60045 

Email: thorbyen@aol.com 

10

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________principal amount of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of
accrued and unpaid interest thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares of Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions of the convertible note of
the Borrower dated as of December 13, 2024 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the
Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

[ ] The Borrower shall electronically transmit
the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its
Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system (DWAC Transfer).

Name
of DTC Broker:

Account
Number:

[ ] The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower
issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders
calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Name:
[NAME]

Address:
[ADDRESS]

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: $ 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion
of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this
conversion: $ 

Accrued and unpaid interest remaining: $ 

[HOLDER] 

By:

Name: [NAME] 

Title: [TITLE] 

Date: [DATE] 

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Amendment
to Securities Purchase Agreement

This
Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement (the Amendment), effective as of December 31, 2024, is made and entered
into between American Rebel Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Borrower) and Alumni Capital LP, a Delaware limited
partnership (Lender).

Recitals

1.
Borrower and Lender have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 4, 2024 (the Loan Agreement),
which provided for the purchase by Lender of a promissory note of the Borrower in the aggregate principal amount of $420,000.00 (the
Note) and the issuance of a warrant to Lender for the purchase of up to 72,165 shares of Borrowers common
stock at 5.82 per share (the Warrant) (collectively the Loan Agreement, Note and Warrant are the Loan
Documents).

2.
Borrower and Lender desire to modify and amend the Loan Agreement as provided herein.

Amendment

For
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Lender and Borrower hereby agree and amend
and modify the Loan Agreement as follows:

1.
Definitions. Except as otherwise provided herein, terms defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein.
Terms defined in the singular shall have the same meaning when used in the plural and vice versa.

2.
Amendments. The Loan Documents are hereby modified and amended as follows:

a.
The Maturity Date for the Note shall be extended to February 17, 2025.

b.
The Principal Amount of the Note shall be increased by $21,000 to $441,000.

c.
The exercise price of the Warrant shall be reduced to $3.50 per share.

1

3.
References. Each reference in the Loan Documents to any of the Loan Documents shall be deemed to be a reference to such documents
as modified hereby.

4.
Borrower Covenants. Borrower shall execute, deliver, and provide to Lender such additional agreements, documents, and instruments
as reasonably required by Lender to effectuate the intent of this Amendment.

5.
Agreement Remains in Full Force and Effect. The Loan Documents are ratified and affirmed by Borrower and shall remain in full
force and effect as modified hereby. Any property rights or rights to or interests in property granted as security in the Loan Documents
shall remain as security for the Loan and the obligations of Borrower in the Loan Documents.

6. Integrated
Agreement; Amendment. This Amendment, together with the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents, constitutes the entire agreement
between Lender and Borrower concerning the subject matter hereof, and may not be altered or amended except by written agreement
signed by Lender.

All
other prior and contemporaneous agreements, arrangements, and understandings between the parties hereto as to the subject matter hereof
are, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, rescinded.

This
Amendment and the Loan Agreement shall be read and interpreted together as one agreement.

Date:
December 31, 2024

Lender: Borrower:

Alumni
Capital LP American
Rebel Holdings, Inc.

By: Alumni
Capital GP LLC 

By: /s/
Ashkan Mapar By: /s/
Charles A. Ross, Jr.

Ashkan
Mapar, Manager Charles
A. Ross, Jr., CEO

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

American
Rebel Light Beer Announces Placements of Multi-Case Product Displays at Key Strategic and Premium Retail Accounts Across Tennessee

Strong
Customer Demand and Engagement In Scan to Win Promotion as Consumers Continue to Choose American Rebel Premium Light Lager

Nashville,
TN, Dec. 16, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) (American Rebel or the Company),
Americas Patriotic Brand and creator of American Rebel Light Beer ( www.americanrebelbeer.com ), is proud to announce the
rollout and placement of American Rebel Light at several key retail locations throughout Tennessee. American Rebel Light Beer is quickly
becoming the domestic light beer of choice for consumers looking for a beer that embodies the American Spirit and love for our country.
In the first few weeks following the initial production run and delivery to our Tennessee distribution partner, Best Brands ( www.bestbrandsinc.com
), American Rebel Premium Light Beer has been placed in several key retail locations across Tennessee that are participating in our
Scan to Win promotion.

American
Rebel Light Scan to Win Promotion Available at Key Strategic Retail Locations in TN 

Effective
immediately and scheduled to run through January 2025, American Rebel Light Beer Scan to Win multi-case displays (12oz
and 16oz Tall Boys) are available at the following Tennessee retailers.

American
Rebel Light Beer Scan to Win Promotion Locations - Tennessee

Frugal
MacDougal 701
Division Street Nashville
TN
37203

RED
Spirits & Wine 7066
US-70S Nashville
TN
37221

Wendell
Smith Liquor Store 5300
Charlotte Avenue Nashville
TN
37209

Providence
Wine & Spirits 1986
Providence Parkway Mt.
Juliet TN
37122

Bluegrass
Beverages 355
Main Hendersonville
TN
37035

Pour
Vous! Spirits, Wine & Beer 263
Indian Lake Blvd Hendersonville
TN
37075

Liquor
Planet 3508
Shelbyville Highway Murfreesboro
TN
37127

Jingo
Market 2431
Fairview Blvd Fairview
TN
37062

Riverstone
Wine & Spirits 157
Ocoee Crossing Cleveland
TN
37312

Harrys
Wine & Spirits 705
Signal Mountain Road Chattanooga
TN
37405

Vine
& Barrel 5506
Hixon Vine Chattanooga
TN
37343

Millington
Liquor Store 5073
Navy Road Millington
TN
38503

Caesars
Wine & Liquor 9959
U.S. 64 Arlington
TN
38002

American
Rebel Light Americas Patriotic Beer

To
celebrate the successful roll out in Tennessee, the company previously announced that it is hosting a launch party for American Rebel
Light Beer at Kid Rocks Big Ass Honky Tonk Rock n Roll Steakhouse ( https://www.kidrockshonkytonkandsteakhouse.com
). This highly anticipated event will take place on Tuesday, December 17, 2024, from 6 PM to 10 PM , at one of Nashvilles
most iconic honky-tonk destinations.

1

Andy
Ross, CEO of American Rebel , added, Were ready to rock Nashville and celebrate America with the introduction of American
Rebel Light BeerAmericas Patriotic, God-Fearing, Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground Beer .
Come join the Rebellion!

American
Rebel Premium Light Lager, Americas Patriotic, God-Fearing, Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground Beer
is quickly becoming Americas domestic beer of choice as consumers look for a quality light beer that aligns with true American
Values including Freedom, Liberty, Hard Work, Perseverance, Patriotism and National Pride.

American
Rebel Light Beer , a refreshingly bold addition to the premium domestic light lager beer market, Is designed for beer enthusiasts who
crave flavor without compromise. This light beer combines a crisp, smooth taste with a rebellious patriotic spirit thats uniquely
American. American Rebel Light Beer offers a satisfying flavor profile that stands out in the crowded light beer category. American Rebel
Light is a true domestic light lager that tastes like a full-bodied beer.

American
Rebel Light Beer is more than just a beverage; its a celebration of freedom, individuality, and the uncompromising pursuit of
quality, said Todd Porter, President at American Rebel Beverages, LLC . American Rebel crafted this premium light lager
beer to embody the independent spirit that defines our brand and resonates with patriotic customers across the state of Tennessee and
across this great nation. There has been significant customer interaction and engagement as they can simply scan to win
an American Rebel Safe, while they are purchasing and stocking up on 12oz and 16oz American Rebel Light Beer to enjoy with family and
friends over the holidays and the New Year.

Premium
Domestic Light Lager Beer, All Natural, Crisp, Clean, Bold Taste, Lighter Feel 

With
approximately 100 calories, 3.2 carbohydrates, and 4.3% alcoholic content per 12 oz serving, American Rebel Light Beer delivers a lighter
option for those who love great beer but prefer a more balanced lifestyle. Its all natural with no added supplements and importantly
does not use corn, rice or other sweeteners typically found in mass production domestic light lager beers.

About
American Rebel Light Beer 

Produced
in partnership with AlcSource, American Rebel Light Beer is a Domestic Premium Light Lager celebrated for its exceptional quality and
patriotic values. It stands out as Americas Patriotic, God-Fearing, Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground
Beer.

2

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) has operated primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security
and self-defense products and has recently transitioned into the beverage industry through the introduction of American Rebel Beer. The
Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories. To learn more, visit www.americanrebelbeer.com or www.americanrebel.com
. For investor information, visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc.

info@americanrebel.com

American
Rebel Beverages, LLC

Todd
Porter, President

tporter@americanrebelbeer.com

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., (NASDAQ: AREB; AREBW) (the Company, American Rebel, we, our
or us) desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words forecasts believe,
may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should,
plan, could, target, potential, is likely, expect
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include benefits of the launch party, actual launch timing and availability of
American Rebel Beer, success and availability of the Scan to win promotion, our ability to effectively execute our business
plan, and the Risk Factors contained within our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2023. Any forward-looking statement made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could
cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise,
except as may be required by law.

Company
Contact:

tporter@americanrebelbeer.com

info@americanrebel.com

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>areb-20241213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>areb-20241213_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>areb-20241213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>areb-20241213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 13, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 13, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41267

Entity Registrant Name AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001648087

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-3892903

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 5115
Maryland Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
303

Entity Address, City or Town Brentwood

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37027

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 267-3235

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol AREB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock Purchase Warrants

Trading Symbol AREBW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AREB_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AREB_CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://americanrebel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

areb-20241213.xsd 
areb-20241213_def.xml 
areb-20241213_lab.xml 
areb-20241213_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-000325-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001648087 

2024-12-13 
2024-12-13 

0001648087 

AREB:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2024-12-13 
2024-12-13 

0001648087 

AREB:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember 

2024-12-13 
2024-12-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001648087 
8-K 
2024-12-13 
AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
001-41267 
47-3892903 
5115 Maryland Way 
Suite 303 
Brentwood 
TN 
37027 
(833) 
267-3235 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
AREB 
NASDAQ 
Common Stock Purchase Warrants 
AREBW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>