<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-008415.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-008415.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117160555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-008415
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Xponential Fitness, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001802156
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				844395129
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40638
		FILM NUMBER:		25538700

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17877 VON KARMAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6507522078

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17877 VON KARMAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d923759d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000180215600018021562025-01-132025-01-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 13, 2025

XPONENTIAL FITNESS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40638 84-4395129

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

17877 Von Karman Avenue, Suite 100

Irvine, CA92614

(Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

(949)346-3000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Forms 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share XPOF New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Appointment of Certain Officers 

Effective January 13, 2025, Xponential Fitness, Inc. (the Company) appointed John Kawaja, age 63, as President North America and appointed Tim Weiderhoft, age 48, as Chief Operating Officer North America. 

Most recently, Mr. Kawaja served as the Companys President of Wholesale since October 2024. From November 2023 to September 2024, Mr. Kawaja was President of G/FORE, a golf and apparel company. From 2022 to 2023, Mr. Kawaja was co-founder and partner of LeftBrain, a sports technology company. From 2021 to 2022, Mr. Kawaja was CEO Americas of Performance54, a sports and entertainment agency. From 2020-2021, Mr. Kawaja was a consultant to DP World Tour, a professional golf tour. 

Most recently, Mr. Weiderhoft served as Chief Operating Officer & Vice President of Franchising of Central Bark, a dog care company, from June 2024 to January 2025, and Chief Development Officer of Central Bark, from November 2022 to May 2024. Prior to Central Bark, Mr. Weiderhoft was the Chief Executive Officer of Wow Wow Hawaiian Lemonade, a Hawaiian based restaurant chain, from September 2019 to November 2022. 

There are no family relationships between each of Mr. Kawaja and Mr. Weiderhoft and any director or other executive officer of the Company, nor are there any transactions to which the Company was or is a participant and in which Mr. Kawaja or Mr. Weiderhoft has a material interest subject to disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Kawaja or Mr. Weiderhoft and any other person pursuant to which they were selected as officers of the Company. 

A copy of the press release announcing these appointments is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Employment and Indemnification Agreements 

The Company entered into an employment agreement with each of Mr. Kawaja and Mr. Weiderhoft, effective January 13, 2025 (the Employment Agreements). The term of each Employment Agreement runs for one year, after which the agreement will continue to renew annually for successive one-year periods, unless either party provides prior written notice of non-renewal.

Pursuant to each respective Employment Agreement, Mr. Kawajas annual base salary is $425,000 and Mr. Weiderhofts annual base salary is $385,000, in each case subject to increase by our Board of Directors or a committee thereof. Each of Mr. Kawaja and Mr. Weiderhoft is eligible to participate in the Companys annual cash bonus program with an annual cash bonus opportunity of up to 50% of base salary based on the achievement of performance goals, which cash bonus opportunity may be adjusted up or down by our Board of Directors or a Committee thereof. 

In addition, subject to the terms of the Companys Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan) and entry into a customary grant agreement (the Grant Agreement) by the Company and each of Mr. Kawaja and Mr. Weiderhoft, Mr. Kawaja and Mr. Weiderhoft will each receive restricted stock units (RSUs) with an initial value of $1 million. Each such RSUs will vest in three substantially equal installments on each of the 12-,24-, and 36-month anniversaries of the effective date of the Employment Agreement, each based on and subject to Mr. Kawajas and Mr. Weiderhofts continued service with the Company. 

Pursuant to the Employment Agreements, if the executives employment is terminated (i) by us without cause (as defined in the Employment Agreements), (ii) by the executive for good reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or (iii) as a result of the executives disability resulting from an injury or death incurred in the course and scope of his employment, and the executive executes a release of all claims in substance and form satisfactory to the Company, the executive will be entitled to severance payments of nine months continued base salary, payable in periodic installments according to our regular payroll practices. In addition, the executive will be entitled to (i) reimbursement for the cost of COBRA coverage for nine months or until the executive becomes eligible for coverage under different health insurance, whichever is earlier, and (ii) prorated vesting of each then-outstanding equity award held by the executive based on the time elapsed from the commencement of vesting of such award through the date of termination, and, if applicable, actual performance through the date of termination. If the qualifying termination of the executives employment occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), then the COBRA benefits described above will be provided for 18 months, and, in lieu of the prorated vesting benefits described above, all unvested time-based vesting equity awards then held by the executive will immediately vest, with any performance-vesting awards to vest based on actual performance through the date of termination. 

Each of Mr. Kawaja and Mr. Weiderhoft has agreed to certain restrictive covenants during the term of his employment and for specified periods following termination, including but not limited to, a 12-month post-termination non-solicit of employees, a perpetual non-disparagement obligation, a perpetual confidentiality obligation, and invention assignment provisions. 

Each of Mr. Kawaja and Mr. Weiderhoft has also entered into an indemnification agreement with the Company in the form executed with other executives of the Company. 

We have included the foregoing summary description of the Employment Agreements to provide certain information regarding their terms, and such is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1-10.2 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Employment Agreement dated January 13, 2025, between the Company and John Kawaja. 

10.2 Employment Agreement dated January 13, 2025, between the Company and Tim Weiderhoft. 

99.1 Press Release dated January 15, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

XPONENTIAL FITNESS, INC.

Date: January 17, 2025 By: 

/s/ John Meloun

Name John Meloun

Title Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d923759dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Employment Agreement 

This Employment
Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 13, 2025, and is made by and between Xponential Fitness, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and John Kawaja
(Executive). 

Witnesseth: 

Whereas,the Company desires to continue to employ Executive, and Executive desires to continue to be so employed, in each case, on the
terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Now,therefore,in consideration of the foregoing premises and the
mutual covenants and promises contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 

1. Agreement to Employ; No Conflicts 

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive accepts such employment
by the Company. Executive represents and warrants that (a) Executive is entering into this Agreement voluntarily, and that Executives employment compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will not conflict with or result
in the breach by Executive of any agreement to which Executive is a party or by which Executive may be bound; (b) Executive has not violated, and in connection with Executives employment with the Company will not violate, any non-competition,non-solicitation or other similar covenant or agreement by which Executive is or may be bound; and (c) in connection with Executives employment by
the Company, Executive will not use any confidential or proprietary information Executive may have obtained in connection with Executives employment with any previous employer. 

2. Term; Position and Responsibilities 

2.1 Term. Unless Executives employment shall sooner terminate pursuant to Section 7, the Company shall employ Executive for a
term commencing on the date of this Agreement (the Commencement Date) and ending on the first anniversary thereof (the Initial Term). Effective upon the expiration of the Initial Term and of each Additional Term
(as defined below), unless Executives employment shall sooner terminate pursuant to Section 7, Executives employment shall be deemed to be automatically extended, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional period of one
year (each, an Additional Term), in each such case, commencing upon the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Additional Term, as the case may be, unless, at least 60 days
before the expiration of the Initial Term or such Additional Term, as the case may be, either party shall have notified the other party in writing that such extension shall not take effect. The period during which Executive is employed pursuant to
this Agreement shall be referred to as the Employment Period. 

2.2 Position and Responsibilities. During the Employment Period, Executive shall
serve as the President, North America. During the Employment Period, Executive may also be designated one or more officer and/or director titles of Xponential Fitness, Inc. (Parent), and/or any of its subsidiary entities (together
with Parent and the Company, the Company Group), for no additional consideration. Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities as are customarily assigned to individuals serving in such position(s), and such other duties
consistent with Executives position(s). Executive shall devote all of Executives skill, knowledge and business time to the conscientious performance of such duties and responsibilities, except for (i) vacation time (as set forth in
Section 6.2), (ii) absence for sickness or similar disability of Executive or an immediate family member as protected by law, and (iii) time spent performing services for any charitable, religious or community organizations, so long
as such services do not materially interfere with the performance of Executives duties hereunder and do not have, and are not reasonably expected to have, an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company Group. 

3. Base Salary 

As compensation for the
services to be performed by Executive during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary at an annualized rate of $425,000, payable in periodic installments on the Companys regular payroll dates. Parents Board of
Directors (the Board) or a committee thereof (the Committee) will review Executives base salary annually during the Employment Period (but will not decrease such base salary). The annual base salary
payable to Executive under this Section 3, as the same may be increased from time to time, shall be referred to as the Base Salary. 

4. Incentive Compensation 

Beginning with
the 2025 calendar year, and for each subsequent calendar year of the Company that ends during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual target cash bonus opportunity (the Target Bonus) of 50% of Base
Salary, which, for 2025, will be prorated based on Executives time in the role described in Section 2.2. The Target Bonus may be adjusted up or down by the Board or the Committee from year to year in its sole discretion. Executives
actual bonus (the Bonus), to the extent earned for a given calendar year based on the Board or Committees determination, in its sole discretion, of the achievement of one or more performance goals established by the
Board or the Committee in the first quarter of such year, will be paid following the close of such calendar year in arrears after completion of the audit for such calendar year, but in no event later than 90 days following the end of the calendar
year to which such Bonus relates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any applicable bonus plan, program or arrangement, Executive shall be eligible to receive any such Bonus only if Executive is actively employed
by the Company on the Bonus payout date. 

Subject to approval by the Board (or applicable committee thereof) and entering into a customary
grant agreement, promptly following the Commencement Date on a date determined by the Board (or applicable committee thereof), Parent expects to grant Executive RSUs with an initial grant date fair value of $1,000,000 as determined by the Board (or
applicable committee thereof). One-third of the RSUs will vest in substantially equal installments on each of
the 12-, 24-, and 36-month anniversaries of the Commencement Date, based on and subject to
Executives continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, which service condition the Board may elect to waive in its sole discretion. 

5. Employee Benefits 

During the Employment Period, Executive (and, to the extent eligible, Executives dependents and beneficiaries) shall be entitled to
participate in any defined contribution plan, any insurance program and any medical and other health benefit plan, in each case, sponsored by the Company for its executive-level employees from time to time on
terms and conditions set forth in such programs and plans (as amended from time to time). 

6. Expenses; Vacation 

6.1 Business Travel, Lodging, Etc. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable travel, lodging, meal and other reasonable
expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executives performance of services hereunder upon submission of evidence. satisfactory to the Company, of the incurrence and purpose of each such expense, and otherwise in accordance with the
Companys Board-approved expense policy applicable to its senior executives as in effect from time to time. 

6.2 Vacation. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with a Board-approved vacation policy, as may be amended from time to time and which is incorporated herein by this reference. 

7. Termination of Employment 

7.1
Termination Due to Death or Disability. During the Employment Period, Executives employment shall automatically terminate in the event of Executives death and may be terminated by the Company due to Executives Disability.
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean a physical or mental disability that prevents, regardless of any reasonable accommodation, the performance by Executive of Executives duties for a continuous period of 90
days or longer, or for 180 days or more in any 12-month period. 

7.2 Termination by the
Company. The Company may terminate Executives employment with the Company with or without Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the following events or conditions, as determined by the Board in its
reasonable judgment: (a) any material failure by Executive to substantially perform Executives duties (other than any such breach or failure due to Executives physical or mental illness) and the continuance of such failure for more
than 30 days following Executives receipt of written notice from the Company, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts or circumstances constituting such failure; (b) any failure by Executive to cooperate, if reasonably
requested by the Company, with any investigation or inquiry into Executives or the Companys business practices, whether internal or external, including, but not limited to, Executives refusal to be deposed or to provide testimony
at any trial or inquiry and the continuance of such failure for more than 30 days following Executives receipt of written notice from the Company, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts or circumstances constituting such
failure; (c) Executives engaging in fraud, willful misconduct, or dishonesty that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the Company or any of its affiliates; (d) any material breach by Executive of any
fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any of its affiliates; (e) Executives conviction of, or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a crime that constitutes a felony; or (f) any material breach by

Executive of any of Executives obligations under this Agreement or under any other written agreement or covenant with the Company or any of its affiliates, and the continuance of such
failure for more than 30 days following Executives receipt of written notice from the Company, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts or circumstances constituting such failure. A termination for Cause shall include a
termination following which the Board reasonably determines that circumstances existed during the Employment Period that would have justified a termination by the Company for Cause. 

7.3 Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate Executives employment with the Company with or without Good Reason. For
purposes of this Agreement, GoodReasonshall mean a termination by Executive of Executives employment if (a) any of the following events occur without
Executives express prior written consent; (b) within 60 days after Executive learns of the occurrence of such event, Executive gives written notice to the Company describing such event and demanding cure; and (c) such event is not
fully cured within 30 days after such notice is given: (i) a material diminution in Executives Base Salary, or any diminution in Executives Base Salary that is not proportionately imposed on other senior executives, or (ii) a
material breach of this Agreement by the Company. 

7.4 Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executives employment by the
Company pursuant to Section 7.1 (other than in the event of Executives death) or Section 7.2 or by Executive pursuant to Section 7.3 shall be communicated by a personally delivered written Notice of Termination addressed to the
other party to this Agreement as provided in paragraph 11.6. A Notice of Termination shall mean a notice stating that Executives employment with the Company has been or will be terminated, the specific provisions of
this Section 7 under which such termination is being effected, and the Date of Termination. 

7.5 Date of Termination. As used
in this Agreement, the term Date of Termination shall mean (a) if Executives employment is terminated by Executives death, the date of Executives death; (b) if Executives employment is terminated
by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1 due to Executives Disability, 30 days after the date on which the Notice of Termination is given; provided, that, if Executive shall have returned to the performance of Executives duties on a
full-time basis during such 30-day period, such Notice of Termination shall be of no force or effect; (c) if Executives employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good
Reason, the date any applicable cure period expires (and, if there is no applicable cure period, the date specified in the Notice of Termination); provided, that if a party is entitled to cure the nature of such termination and so cures prior to the
expiration of the applicable cure period, the Notice of Termination provided to such curing party shall be of no force or effect; or (d) if Executives employment is terminated for any other reason, the date specified in the Notice of
Termination (which shall be no more than 30 days after the date of such notice) and, if no such notice is given, the date of termination of employment. 

7.6 Payments Upon Certain Terminations. 

7.6.1 Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason. If (a) the Company shall terminate Executives employment without Cause
or (b) Executive shall terminate Executives employment for Good Reason, or Executives Termination is the result of disability resulting from an injury or death incurred in the course and scope of employment, in each case, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall pay to Executive: 

(i) any accrued and unpaid Base Salary and accrued and unused
vacation earned through the Date of Termination, which shall be paid within the time period required by applicable law; plus 

(ii) as severance payments, and provided that Executive executes and delivers (and does not revoke) a general release of all
claims in form and substance satisfactory to the Company within 60 days following the Date of Termination, Base Salary for nine (9) months, plus reimbursement for the cost of COBRA coverage for nine (9) months or, if earlier, until
Executive becomes eligible for coverage under different health insurance, which shall be paid in periodic installments on the Companys regular payroll dates, beginning with the next payroll date immediately following the expiration of the 60th day following the Date of Termination (which first payment shall include any payments of Base Salary that should have been made during such 60-day period but
for the 60-day release consideration period); plus 

(iii) prorated vesting of each
then-outstanding equity award held by Executive based on the time elapsed from the commencement of vesting of such award through the Date of Termination and, if applicable, actual performance through the Date of Termination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such termination occurs within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control (as
defined in Parents Omnibus Incentive Plan), then (A) the COBRA benefits provided in clause (ii) above will be provided for eighteen (18) months, and (B) in lieu of the prorated vesting benefits provided in clause
(iii) above, Executive will vest in all then-outstanding equity awards held by Executive, with any performance-vesting awards to vest based on actual performance through the Date of Termination. There shall be no obligation to mitigate damages,
or offset, to severance payments. 

7.6.2 Termination for Any Other Reason. If Executives employment is terminated for any
reason other than those specified in Section 7.6.1 during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay Executive, within the time period required by applicable law, accrued and unpaid Base Salary and accrued and unused vacation earned through
the Date of Termination. 

7.6.3 Effect of Termination on Other Plans and Programs. In the event that Executives employment
with the Company is terminated for any reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive all vested amounts payable and vested benefits accrued under any otherwise applicable plan, policy, program or practice of the Company in which Executive was a
participant immediately before the Date of Termination in accordance with the terms thereof, if any; provided, that Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or benefits under any such plan, policy, program or practice providing any
severance or cash bonus compensation, and the provisions of this Section 7.6 shall supersede such provisions of any such plan, policy, program or practice. 

7.7 Resignation Upon Termination. Effective as of any Date of Termination or
otherwise as of the date of Executives termination of employment with the Company, Executive shall resign, in writing, from all positions (including any director positions) then held by Executive with the Company Group, unless otherwise
requested by the Company and agreed to by Executive. 

7.8 Cessation of Professional Activity. Upon delivery of a Notice of
Termination by either party or a notice pursuant to Section 2.1, or during the pendency of any bona fide Board investigation as to whether Executive has committed Cause, the Company may relieve Executive of Executives responsibilities
described in Section 2.2 and require Executive to immediately cease all professional activity on behalf of the Company, without such action constituting a termination of Executives employment by the Company without Cause or giving grounds
for Executive to terminate for Good Reason. 

8. Restrictive Covenants 

8.1 Unauthorized Disclosure. During the Employment Period and following any termination thereof, without the prior written consent of
the Company, except to the extent required by an order of a court having competent jurisdiction or under subpoena from an appropriate government agency, in which event Executive shall use Executives best efforts to consult with the Company
before responding to any such order or subpoena, and except as required in performance of Executives duties, Executive shall not use or disclose any confidential or proprietary trade secrets, customer lists, drawings, designs, marketing plans,
management organization information (including, but not limited to, data and other information relating to the Company Group, to any member of the board of directors of any member of the Company Group, or to the management of the Company Group),
operating policies or manuals, business plans, financial records, or other financial, commercial, business or technical information relating to the Company Group or that the Company Group may receive belonging to customers or others who do business
with the Company Group (collectively, Confidential Information) to any third Person (as defined below), unless such Confidential Information has been previously disclosed to the public generally, is in the public domain, or has
been rightfully received by Executive from a third party who is authorized to make such disclosure, in each case, other than by reason of Executives breach of this Section 8.1. For purposes of this Agreement, Person
shall mean any natural person, partnership, limited liability company, association, corporation, company, trust, business trust, governmental authority or other entity. 

8.2 Non-Solicitation of Employees. During the period beginning on the Commencement Date and
ending twelve months after the termination of Executives employment with the Company (the Restriction Period), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, for Executives own account or for the account of any other
Person, in any jurisdiction in which the Company Group has commenced or actively made plans to commence operations during the Employment Period, (i) solicit for employment any natural person throughout the world who is or was employed by or
otherwise engaged to perform services for the Company Group (x) at any time during the Employment Period (in the case of such prohibited activity occurring during such time) or (y) during the twelve month period preceding such prohibited
activity (in the case of such prohibited activity occurring during the Restriction Period but after the date of Executives termination of employment with the Company), other than any such solicitation on behalf of the Company Group during the
Employment Period; or (ii) induce any employee of the Company Group to engage in any activity which Executive is prohibited from engaging in under any of this Section 8 or to terminate such employees employment with the Company. 

8.3 Works for Hire. 

8.3.1 Generally. Executive agrees that the Company shall own all right, title and interest (including, but not limited to, patent
rights, copyrights, trade secret rights and other rights throughout the world) in any inventions, works of authorship, ideas or information made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive (either alone or with others)
during the Employment Period (collectively Developments); provided, however, that the following shall not constitute Developments: any inventions, works of authorship, ideas or information made or conceived or reduced to practice
by Executive for which no equipment, supplies, facility, trade secret information or Confidential Information of the Company was used and which were developed entirely on Executives time, and (a) which do not relate (i) to the
business of the Company Group or (ii) to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company Group, and (b) which do not result from any work performed by Executive for the Company. 

8.3.2 Disclosure; Assignment. Subject to Section 8.3.1, Executive will promptly and fully disclose to the Company, or any persons
designated by it, any and all Developments made or conceived or reduced to practice or learned by Executive, either alone or jointly with others during the Employment Period. Executive assigns all right, title and interest in and to any and all of
these Developments to the Company. Executive shall further assist the Company, at the Companys expense, to further evidence, record and perfect such assignments, and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce, and defend any rights specified to be
so owned or assigned. Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its agents as attorneys-in-fact to act for Executive and on Executives behalf
to execute and file any document and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive. 

8.3.3 Copyright Act; Moral Rights. In addition, and not in contravention of Section 8.3.1 or Section 8.3.2, Executive
acknowledges that all original works of authorship which are made by Executive (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of employment and which are protectable by copyright, are works made for hire, as that term is defined
in the United States Copyright Act (17 USC 101). To the extent allowed by law, this Section 8.4.3 includes all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to
moralrights (collectively, MoralRights). To the extent Executive retains any such Moral Rights under applicable law, Executive waives such Moral Rights and consents to any action consistent with
the terms of this Agreement with respect to such Moral Rights, in each case, to the full extent of such applicable law. Executive will confirm any such waivers and consents from time to time as requested by the Company. 

8.3.4 Authorized Disclosure. Section 1883(b) of Title 18 of the United States Code states, An individual shall not be
held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to
an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspended violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint 

or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, the Company and Executive have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to
Federal, State, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The Company and Executive also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a
lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with Section 1883(b) of Title 18 of the United States Code or create liability
for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by Section 1883(b) of Title 18 of the United States Code. 

8.3.5
Section 2870 of the California Labor Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Executive may use Executives own ideas, knowledge, and experience to develop Developments that qualify under the
provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code, which provisions are set forth below, and all rights to such Developments that qualify under Section 2870 and are so developed shall belong solely to Executive; provided, that such
Developments are developed without the use of Company resources and outside of the scope of the services provided under this Agreement. Section 2870 of the California Labor Code reads in its entirety, as follows: (a) Any provision in
an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time
without using the employers equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for inventions that either: (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employers business, or
actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer; or (2) Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer; (b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to
assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 

8.4 Nondisparagement. Executive agrees that Executive shall neither, directly or indirectly, engage in any conduct or make any
statement (including through social media) disparaging or criticizing in any way the Company Group, or any of their personnel, or engage in any other conduct or make any other statement that could be reasonably expected to impair the goodwill or the
reputation of the Company Group, in each case, except (i) to the extent required by law, and then only after consultation with the Company to the extent possible, or (ii) to the extent that Executives rights to engage in such conduct
or make such statement is protected by applicable law. 

8.5 Return of Documents. In the event of the termination of
Executives employment, Executive shall deliver to the Company (a) all property of the Company Group then in Executives possession; and (b) all documents and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company Group, and
Executive shall not take with Executive any such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any Confidential Information. 

8.6 Governmental Agency Exception. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, this Agreement does not limit
Executives ability to communicate with any government agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any government agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the
Company or its affiliates. This Agreement does not limit Executives right to receive an award for information provided to any government agencies. 

9. Certain Acknowledgments; Injunctive Relief with Respect to Covenants 

9.1 Certain Acknowledgements. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive will have a prominent role in the development of the
goodwill of the Company Group, and has and will establish and develop relations and contacts with the principal business relationships of the Company Group in the United States of America and the rest of the world, all of which constitute valuable
goodwill of, and could be used by Executive to compete unfairly with, the Company Group and that (a) in the course of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will obtain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets
concerning the business and operations of the Company Group in the United States of America and the rest of the world that could be used to compete unfairly with the Company Group; (b) the covenants and restrictions contained in Section 8
are intended to protect the legitimate interests of the Company Group in their respective goodwill, trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information; and (c) Executive desires to be bound by such covenants and restrictions. 

9.2 Injunctive Relief. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, obligations and agreements of Executive contained in
Section 8 relate to special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of the terms of such covenants, obligations or agreements will cause the Company Group irreparable injury for which adequate remedies are not available at
law. Therefore, Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order or such other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) to restrain Executive from committing any violation of such covenants,
obligations or agreements. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies the Company Group may have. 

10.
Entire Agreement 

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and Executive with respect to the subject matters
addressed, and supersedes all undertakings and agreements, whether oral or in writing, previously entered into by the Company and Executive with respect thereto. All previous correspondence and proposals (including, but not limited to, summaries of
proposed terms) and all previous offer letters, promises, representations, understandings, arrangements and agreements relating to such subject matter (including, but not limited to, those made to or with Executive by any other person) are merged
and superseded. 

11. General Provisions 

11.1 Binding Effect: Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and its respective
successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall also be binding on and inure to the benefit of Executive and Executives heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. This Agreement shall not be assignable by any party
without the prior written consent of the other parties, except as provided pursuant to this Section 11.1. The Company may effect such an assignment without prior written approval of Executive (i) to any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Company or (ii) upon the transfer of all or substantially all of its business and/or assets (by whatever means). 

11.2 Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

11.2.1 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to interpretation,
substantive effect and enforceability, by the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require application to the laws of another jurisdiction other than those that mandatorily
apply. Each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California and the federal courts of the United States of America located in Orange County, California solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of
the provisions of this Agreement and in respect of the transactions contemplated. Each party waives and agrees not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation and enforcement hereof, or in respect of any such
transaction, that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each party consents to and
grants any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute and agree that the mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in
Section 11.6 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient service. 

11.2.2 Waiver of Jury
Trial. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right such party may
have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of this Agreement, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each party
certifies and acknowledges that (a) no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver;
(b) such party understands and has considered the implications of this waiver; (c) such party makes this waiver voluntarily; and (d) such party has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers
and certifications in this Section 11.2.2. 

11.3 Taxes. All amounts payable and benefits provided hereunder shall be subject
to any and all applicable taxes, as required by applicable Federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. 

11.4 Amendments;
Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such modification, waiver or discharge is approved by a Person authorized by the Company and is agreed to in writing by Executive. No waiver by any party at any
time of any breach by any other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or
subsequent time. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be implied from any course of dealing between or among the parties hereto or from any failure by any party hereto to assert its rights hereunder on any occasion or series of
occasions. 

11.5 Legal Advice; Severability; Blue Pencil. Executive acknowledges that Executive
has been advised to seek independent legal counsel for advice regarding the effect of the provisions of this Agreement, and has either obtained such advice of independent legal counsel, or has voluntarily and without compulsion elected to enter into
and be bound by the terms of this Agreement without such advice of independent legal counsel. In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Executive and the Company agree that the covenants contained in Section 8 are reasonable covenants under the circumstances, and further agree that if, in the opinion
of any court of competent jurisdiction such covenants are not reasonable in any respect, such court shall have the right, power and authority to excise or modify such provision or provisions of these covenants as to the court shall appear not
reasonable and to enforce the remainder of these covenants as so amended. 

11.6 Notices. Any notice or other communication required
or permitted to be delivered under this Agreement shall be (a) in writing; (b) delivered personally, by courier service or by certified or registered mail, first class postage prepaid and return receipt requested with a copy by electronic
mail; (c) deemed to have been received on the date of delivery or, if so mailed, on the third business day after the mailing thereof; and (d) addressed as follows (or to such other address as the party entitled to notice shall hereafter
designate in accordance with the terms hereof): 

(i) 

If to the Company: Xponential Fitness, LLC 

17877 Von Karman Avenue, Suite 100 

Irvine, CA 92614 

Attention: Chief Legal Officer 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Paul Hastings LLP 

200 Park Avenue New York, 

New York 10166 

Attention: Eduardo Gallardo; Jason Ertel 

(ii) 

If to Executive, to the last home address on file with the Company. 

11.7 Survival. The Company and Executive agree that certain provisions of this Agreement shall survive the expiration of the Employment
Period in accordance with their terms, including, but not limited to, Sections 7.6, 8, 9, 10, and 11. 

11.8 Further
Assurances. Each party hereto agrees with the other party hereto that it will cooperate with such other party and will execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such other instruments and documents, and will take such other
actions, as such other parties may reasonably request from time to time to effectuate the provisions and purpose of this Agreement. 

11.9 Section 409A. The parties intend that any amounts payable under this
Agreement comply with or are exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Section 409A) (including under Treasury Regulation
l.409A-l(b)(4) (short-term deferrals) and (b)(9) (separation pay plans, including the exceptions under
subparagraph (iii) and subparagraph (v)(D)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation l.409A-l through A-6). For purposes of
Section 409A, each of the payments that may be made under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. This Agreement shall be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner that does not
result in the imposition of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. The Company and Executive agree to negotiate in good faith to make amendments to the Agreement, as the parties mutually agree are necessary or desirable to
avoid the imposition of taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. Neither the Company nor Executive shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any such payments or benefits except to the extent specifically permitted or
required by Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not guarantee any particular tax effect, and Executive shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes, penalties and interest that may be
imposed on or for the account of Executive in connection with the Agreement (including any taxes, penalties and interest under Section 409A), and neither the Company nor any of its affiliates shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise
hold Executive (or any beneficiary) harmless from any or all of such taxes, penalties or interest. With respect to the time of payments of any amounts under the Agreement that are deferred compensation subject to
Section 409A, references in the Agreement to termination of employment (and substantially similar phrases) shall mean separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. For the avoidance of
doubt, it is intended that any expense reimbursement made to Executive hereunder shall be exempt from Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any expense reimbursement made hereunder shall be determined to be deferred
compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, then (i) the amount of the indemnification payment or expense reimbursement during one taxable year shall not affect the amount of the expense reimbursement during any other
taxable year, (ii) the expense reimbursement shall be made on or before the last day of Executives taxable year following the year in which the expense was incurred and (iii) the right to expense reimbursement shall not be subject to
liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

11.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The parties agree to accept a signed facsimile copy or PDF of this Agreement as a fully binding original. 

11.11 Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties only and are not
intended to be a part hereof or to affect the meaning or interpretation of any terms. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Agreement by its authorized
representative, and Executive has executed this Agreement, in each case effective as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY:

XPONENTIAL FITNESS, LLC

By: /s/ Theo Apanco

Name: Theo Apanco

Title: CHRO

EXECUTIVE

By: /s/ John Kawaia

Name: John Kawaja
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d923759dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Employment Agreement 

This Employment
Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 13, 2025, and is made by and between Xponential Fitness, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and Tim Weiderhoft
(Executive). 

Witnesseth: 

Whereas,the Company desires to continue to employ Executive, and Executive desires to continue to be so employed, in each case, on the
terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Now,therefore,in consideration of the foregoing premises and the
mutual covenants and promises contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 

1. Agreement to Employ; No Conflicts 

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive accepts such employment
by the Company. Executive represents and warrants that (a) Executive is entering into this Agreement voluntarily, and that Executives employment compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will not conflict with or result
in the breach by Executive of any agreement to which Executive is a party or by which Executive may be bound; (b) Executive has not violated, and in connection with Executives employment with the Company will not violate, any non-competition,non-solicitation or other similar covenant or agreement by which Executive is or may be bound; and (c) in connection with Executives employment by
the Company, Executive will not use any confidential or proprietary information Executive may have obtained in connection with Executives employment with any previous employer. 

2. Term; Position and Responsibilities 

2.1 Term. Unless Executives employment shall sooner terminate pursuant to Section 7, the Company shall employ Executive for a
term commencing on the date of this Agreement (the Commencement Date) and ending on the first anniversary thereof (the Initial Term). Effective upon the expiration of the Initial Term and of each Additional Term
(as defined below), unless Executives employment shall sooner terminate pursuant to Section 7, Executives employment shall be deemed to be automatically extended, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional period of one
year (each, an Additional Term), in each such case, commencing upon the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Additional Term, as the case may be, unless, at least 60 days
before the expiration of the Initial Term or such Additional Term, as the case may be, either party shall have notified the other party in writing that such extension shall not take effect. The period during which Executive is employed pursuant to
this Agreement shall be referred to as the Employment Period. 

2.2 Position and Responsibilities. During the
Employment Period, Executive shall serve as the Chief Operating Officer- North America. During the Employment Period, Executive may also be designated one or more officer and/or director titles of Xponential Fitness, Inc.
(Parent), and/or any of its subsidiary entities (together with Parent and the Company, the 

Company Group), for no additional consideration. Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities as are customarily assigned to individuals serving in such position(s),
and such other duties consistent with Executives position(s). Executive shall devote all of Executives skill, knowledge and business time to the conscientious performance of such duties and responsibilities, except for (i) vacation
time (as set forth in Section 6.2), (ii) absence for sickness or similar disability of Executive or an immediate family member as protected by law, and (iii) time spent performing services for any charitable, religious or community
organizations, so long as such services do not materially interfere with the performance of Executives duties hereunder and do not have, and are not reasonably expected to have, an adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company
Group. 

3. Base Salary 

As
compensation for the services to be performed by Executive during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary at an annualized rate of $385,000, payable in periodic installments on the Companys regular payroll dates.
Parents Board of Directors (the Board) or a committee thereof (the Committee) will review Executives base salary annually during the Employment Period (but will not decrease such base salary). The
annual base salary payable to Executive under this Section 3, as the same may be increased from time to time, shall be referred to as the Base Salary. 

4. Incentive Compensation 

Beginning with
the 2025 calendar year, and for each subsequent calendar year of the Company that ends during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual target cash bonus opportunity (the Target Bonus) of 50% of Base
Salary, which, for 2025, will be prorated based on Executives time in the role described in Section 2.2. The Target Bonus may be adjusted up or down by the Board or the Committee from year to year in its sole discretion. Executives
actual bonus (the Bonus), to the extent earned for a given calendar year based on the Board or Committees determination, in its sole discretion, of the achievement of one or more performance goals established by the
Board or the Committee in the first quarter of such year, will be paid following the close of such calendar year in arrears after completion of the audit for such calendar year, but in no event later than 90 days following the end of the calendar
year to which such Bonus relates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any applicable bonus plan, program or arrangement, Executive shall be eligible to receive any such Bonus only if Executive is actively employed
by the Company on the Bonus payout date. 

Subject to approval by the Board (or applicable committee thereof) and entering into a customary
grant agreement, promptly following the Commencement Date on a date determined by the Board (or applicable committee thereof), Parent expects to grant Executive RSUs with an initial grant date fair value of $1,000,000 as determined by the Board (or
applicable committee thereof). One-third of the RSUs will vest in substantially equal installments on each of
the 12-, 24-, and 36-month anniversaries of the Commencement Date, based on and subject to
Executives continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, which service condition the Board may elect to waive in its sole discretion. 

5. Employee Benefits 

During the Employment Period, Executive (and, to the extent eligible, Executives dependents and beneficiaries) shall be entitled to
participate in any defined contribution plan, any insurance program and any medical and other health benefit plan, in each case, sponsored by the Company for its executive-level employees from time to time on
terms and conditions set forth in such programs and plans (as amended from time to time). 

6. Expenses; Vacation 

6.1 Business Travel, Lodging, Etc. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable travel, lodging, meal and other reasonable
expenses incurred by Executive in connection with Executives performance of services hereunder upon submission of evidence. satisfactory to the Company, of the incurrence and purpose of each such expense, and otherwise in accordance with the
Companys Board-approved expense policy applicable to its senior executives as in effect from time to time. 

6.2 Vacation. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with a Board-approved vacation policy, as may be amended from time to time and which is incorporated herein by this reference. 

7. Termination of Employment 

7.1
Termination Due to Death or Disability. During the Employment Period, Executives employment shall automatically terminate in the event of Executives death and may be terminated by the Company due to Executives Disability.
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean a physical or mental disability that prevents, regardless of any reasonable accommodation, the performance by Executive of Executives duties for a continuous period of 90
days or longer, or for 180 days or more in any 12-month period. 

7.2 Termination by the
Company. The Company may terminate Executives employment with the Company with or without Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the following events or conditions, as determined by the Board in its
reasonable judgment: (a) any material failure by Executive to substantially perform Executives duties (other than any such breach or failure due to Executives physical or mental illness) and the continuance of such failure for more
than 30 days following Executives receipt of written notice from the Company, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts or circumstances constituting such failure; (b) any failure by Executive to cooperate, if reasonably
requested by the Company, with any investigation or inquiry into Executives or the Companys business practices, whether internal or external, including, but not limited to, Executives refusal to be deposed or to provide testimony
at any trial or inquiry and the continuance of such failure for more than 30 days following Executives receipt of written notice from the Company, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts or circumstances constituting such
failure; (c) Executives engaging in fraud, willful misconduct, or dishonesty that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the Company or any of its affiliates; (d) any material breach by Executive of any
fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any of its affiliates; (e) Executives conviction of, or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a crime that constitutes a felony; or (f) any material breach by

Executive of any of Executives obligations under this Agreement or under any other written agreement or covenant with the Company or any of its affiliates, and the continuance of such
failure for more than 30 days following Executives receipt of written notice from the Company, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts or circumstances constituting such failure. A termination for Cause shall include a
termination following which the Board reasonably determines that circumstances existed during the Employment Period that would have justified a termination by the Company for Cause. 

7.3 Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate Executives employment with the Company with or without Good Reason. For
purposes of this Agreement, GoodReasonshall mean a termination by Executive of Executives employment if (a) any of the following events occur without
Executives express prior written consent; (b) within 60 days after Executive learns of the occurrence of such event, Executive gives written notice to the Company describing such event and demanding cure; and (c) such event is not
fully cured within 30 days after such notice is given: (i) a material diminution in Executives Base Salary, or any diminution in Executives Base Salary that is not proportionately imposed on other senior executives, or (ii) a
material breach of this Agreement by the Company. 

7.4 Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executives employment by the
Company pursuant to Section 7.1 (other than in the event of Executives death) or Section 7.2 or by Executive pursuant to Section 7.3 shall be communicated by a personally delivered written Notice of Termination addressed to the
other party to this Agreement as provided in paragraph 11.6. A Notice of Termination shall mean a notice stating that Executives employment with the Company has been or will be terminated, the specific provisions of
this Section 7 under which such termination is being effected, and the Date of Termination. 

7.5 Date of Termination. As used
in this Agreement, the term Date of Termination shall mean (a) if Executives employment is terminated by Executives death, the date of Executives death; (b) if Executives employment is terminated
by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1 due to Executives Disability, 30 days after the date on which the Notice of Termination is given; provided, that, if Executive shall have returned to the performance of Executives duties on a
full-time basis during such 30-day period, such Notice of Termination shall be of no force or effect; (c) if Executives employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good
Reason, the date any applicable cure period expires (and, if there is no applicable cure period, the date specified in the Notice of Termination); provided, that if a party is entitled to cure the nature of such termination and so cures prior to the
expiration of the applicable cure period, the Notice of Termination provided to such curing party shall be of no force or effect; or (d) if Executives employment is terminated for any other reason, the date specified in the Notice of
Termination (which shall be no more than 30 days after the date of such notice) and, if no such notice is given, the date of termination of employment. 

7.6 Payments Upon Certain Terminations. 

7.6.1 Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason. If (a) the Company shall terminate Executives employment without Cause
or (b) Executive shall terminate Executives employment for Good Reason, or Executives Termination is the result of disability resulting from an injury or death incurred in the course and scope of employment, in each case, during the
Employment Period, the Company shall pay to Executive: 

(i) any accrued and unpaid Base Salary and accrued and unused
vacation earned through the Date of Termination, which shall be paid within the time period required by applicable law; plus 

(ii) as severance payments, and provided that Executive executes and delivers (and does not revoke) a general release of all
claims in form and substance satisfactory to the Company within 60 days following the Date of Termination, Base Salary for nine (9) months, plus reimbursement for the cost of COBRA coverage for nine (9) months or, if earlier, until
Executive becomes eligible for coverage under different health insurance, which shall be paid in periodic installments on the Companys regular payroll dates, beginning with the next payroll date immediately following the expiration of the 60th day following the Date of Termination (which first payment shall include any payments of Base Salary that should have been made during such 60-day period but
for the 60-day release consideration period); plus 

(iii) prorated vesting of each
then-outstanding equity award held by Executive based on the time elapsed from the commencement of vesting of such award through the Date of Termination and, if applicable, actual performance through the Date of Termination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such termination occurs within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control (as defined in
Parents Omnibus Incentive Plan), then (A) the COBRA benefits provided in clause (ii) above will be provided for eighteen (18) months, and (B) in lieu of the prorated vesting benefits provided in clause (iii) above,
Executive will vest in all then-outstanding equity awards held by Executive, with any performance-vesting awards to vest based on actual performance through the Date of Termination. There shall be no obligation to mitigate damages, or offset, to
severance payments. 

7.6.2 Termination for Any Other Reason. If Executives employment is terminated for any reason other than
those specified in Section 7.6.1 during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay Executive, within the time period required by applicable law, accrued and unpaid Base Salary and accrued and unused vacation earned through the Date of
Termination. 

7.6.3 Effect of Termination on Other Plans and Programs. In the event that Executives employment with the
Company is terminated for any reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive all vested amounts payable and vested benefits accrued under any otherwise applicable plan, policy, program or practice of the Company in which Executive was a participant
immediately before the Date of Termination in accordance with the terms thereof, if any; provided, that Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or benefits under any such plan, policy, program or practice providing any severance or
cash bonus compensation, and the provisions of this Section 7.6 shall supersede such provisions of any such plan, policy, program or practice. 

7.7 Resignation Upon Termination. Effective as of any Date of Termination or
otherwise as of the date of Executives termination of employment with the Company, Executive shall resign, in writing, from all positions (including any director positions) then held by Executive with the Company Group, unless otherwise
requested by the Company and agreed to by Executive. 

7.8 Cessation of Professional Activity. Upon delivery of a Notice of
Termination by either party or a notice pursuant to Section 2.1, or during the pendency of any bona fide Board investigation as to whether Executive has committed Cause, the Company may relieve Executive of Executives responsibilities
described in Section 2.2 and require Executive to immediately cease all professional activity on behalf of the Company, without such action constituting a termination of Executives employment by the Company without Cause or giving grounds
for Executive to terminate for Good Reason. 

8. Restrictive Covenants 

8.1 Unauthorized Disclosure. During the Employment Period and following any termination thereof, without the prior written consent of
the Company, except to the extent required by an order of a court having competent jurisdiction or under subpoena from an appropriate government agency, in which event Executive shall use Executives best efforts to consult with the Company
before responding to any such order or subpoena, and except as required in performance of Executives duties, Executive shall not use or disclose any confidential or proprietary trade secrets, customer lists, drawings, designs, marketing plans,
management organization information (including, but not limited to, data and other information relating to the Company Group, to any member of the board of directors of any member of the Company Group, or to the management of the Company Group),
operating policies or manuals, business plans, financial records, or other financial, commercial, business or technical information relating to the Company Group or that the Company Group may receive belonging to customers or others who do business
with the Company Group (collectively, Confidential Information) to any third Person (as defined below), unless such Confidential Information has been previously disclosed to the public generally, is in the public domain, or has
been rightfully received by Executive from a third party who is authorized to make such disclosure, in each case, other than by reason of Executives breach of this Section 8.1. For purposes of this Agreement, Person
shall mean any natural person, partnership, limited liability company, association, corporation, company, trust, business trust, governmental authority or other entity. 

8.2 Non-Solicitation of Employees. During the period beginning on the Commencement Date and
ending twelve months after the termination of Executives employment with the Company (the Restriction Period), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, for Executives own account or for the account of any other
Person, in any jurisdiction in which the Company Group has commenced or actively made plans to commence operations during the Employment Period, (i) solicit for employment any natural person throughout the world who is or was employed by or
otherwise engaged to perform services for the Company Group (x) at any time during the Employment Period (in the case of such prohibited activity occurring during such time) or (y) during the twelve month period preceding such prohibited
activity (in the case of such prohibited activity occurring during the Restriction Period but after the date of Executives termination of employment with the Company), other than any such solicitation on behalf of the Company Group during the
Employment Period; or (ii) induce any employee of the Company Group to engage in any activity which Executive is prohibited from engaging in under any of this Section 8 or to terminate such employees employment with the Company. 

8.3 Works for Hire. 

8.3.1 Generally. Executive agrees that the Company shall own all right, title and interest (including, but not limited to, patent
rights, copyrights, trade secret rights and other rights throughout the world) in any inventions, works of authorship, ideas or information made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive (either alone or with others)
during the Employment Period (collectively Developments); provided, however, that the following shall not constitute Developments: any inventions, works of authorship, ideas or information made or conceived or reduced to practice
by Executive for which no equipment, supplies, facility, trade secret information or Confidential Information of the Company was used and which were developed entirely on Executives time, and (a) which do not relate (i) to the
business of the Company Group or (ii) to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company Group, and (b) which do not result from any work performed by Executive for the Company. 

8.3.2 Disclosure; Assignment. Subject to Section 8.3.1, Executive will promptly and fully disclose to the Company, or any persons
designated by it, any and all Developments made or conceived or reduced to practice or learned by Executive, either alone or jointly with others during the Employment Period. Executive assigns all right, title and interest in and to any and all of
these Developments to the Company. Executive shall further assist the Company, at the Companys expense, to further evidence, record and perfect such assignments, and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce, and defend any rights specified to be
so owned or assigned. Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its agents as attorneys-in-fact to act for Executive and on Executives behalf
to execute and file any document and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive. 

8.3.3 Copyright Act; Moral Rights. In addition, and not in contravention of Section 8.3.1 or Section 8.3.2, Executive
acknowledges that all original works of authorship which are made by Executive (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of employment and which are protectable by copyright, are works made for hire, as that term is defined
in the United States Copyright Act (17 USC 101). To the extent allowed by law, this Section 8.4.3 includes all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to
moralrights (collectively, MoralRights). To the extent Executive retains any such Moral Rights under applicable law, Executive waives such Moral Rights and consents to any action consistent with
the terms of this Agreement with respect to such Moral Rights, in each case, to the full extent of such applicable law. Executive will confirm any such waivers and consents from time to time as requested by the Company. 

8.3.4 Authorized Disclosure. Section 1883(b) of Title 18 of the United States Code states, An individual shall not be
held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to
an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspended violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint 

or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, the Company and Executive have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to
Federal, State, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The Company and Executive also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a
lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with Section 1883(b) of Title 18 of the United States Code or create liability
for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by Section 1883(b) of Title 18 of the United States Code. 

8.3.5
Section 2870 of the California Labor Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Executive may use Executives own ideas, knowledge, and experience to develop Developments that qualify under the
provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code, which provisions are set forth below, and all rights to such Developments that qualify under Section 2870 and are so developed shall belong solely to Executive; provided, that such
Developments are developed without the use of Company resources and outside of the scope of the services provided under this Agreement. Section 2870 of the California Labor Code reads in its entirety, as follows: (a) Any provision in
an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time
without using the employers equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for inventions that either: (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employers business, or
actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer; or (2) Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer; (b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to
assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 

8.4 Nondisparagement. Executive agrees that Executive shall neither, directly or indirectly, engage in any conduct or make any
statement (including through social media) disparaging or criticizing in any way the Company Group, or any of their personnel, or engage in any other conduct or make any other statement that could be reasonably expected to impair the goodwill or the
reputation of the Company Group, in each case, except (i) to the extent required by law, and then only after consultation with the Company to the extent possible, or (ii) to the extent that Executives rights to engage in such conduct
or make such statement is protected by applicable law. 

8.5 Return of Documents. In the event of the termination of
Executives employment, Executive shall deliver to the Company (a) all property of the Company Group then in Executives possession; and (b) all documents and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company Group, and
Executive shall not take with Executive any such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any Confidential Information. 

8.6 Governmental Agency Exception. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, this Agreement does not limit
Executives ability to communicate with any government agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any government agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the
Company or its affiliates. This Agreement does not limit Executives right to receive an award for information provided to any government agencies. 

9. Certain Acknowledgments; Injunctive Relief with Respect to Covenants 

9.1 Certain Acknowledgements. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive will have a prominent role in the development of the
goodwill of the Company Group, and has and will establish and develop relations and contacts with the principal business relationships of the Company Group in the United States of America and the rest of the world, all of which constitute valuable
goodwill of, and could be used by Executive to compete unfairly with, the Company Group and that (a) in the course of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will obtain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets
concerning the business and operations of the Company Group in the United States of America and the rest of the world that could be used to compete unfairly with the Company Group; (b) the covenants and restrictions contained in Section 8
are intended to protect the legitimate interests of the Company Group in their respective goodwill, trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information; and (c) Executive desires to be bound by such covenants and restrictions. 

9.2 Injunctive Relief. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, obligations and agreements of Executive contained in
Section 8 relate to special, unique and extraordinary matters and that a violation of any of the terms of such covenants, obligations or agreements will cause the Company Group irreparable injury for which adequate remedies are not available at
law. Therefore, Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order or such other equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) to restrain Executive from committing any violation of such covenants,
obligations or agreements. These injunctive remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies the Company Group may have. 

10.
Entire Agreement 

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and Executive with respect to the subject matters
addressed, and supersedes all undertakings and agreements, whether oral or in writing, previously entered into by the Company and Executive with respect thereto. All previous correspondence and proposals (including, but not limited to, summaries of
proposed terms) and all previous offer letters, promises, representations, understandings, arrangements and agreements relating to such subject matter (including, but not limited to, those made to or with Executive by any other person) are merged
and superseded. 

11. General Provisions 

11.1 Binding Effect: Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and its respective
successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall also be binding on and inure to the benefit of Executive and Executives heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. This Agreement shall not be assignable by any party
without the prior written consent of the other parties, except as provided pursuant to this Section 11.1. The Company may effect such an assignment without prior written approval of Executive (i) to any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Company or (ii) upon the transfer of all or substantially all of its business and/or assets (by whatever means). 

11.2 Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

11.2.1 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to interpretation,
substantive effect and enforceability, by the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require application to the laws of another jurisdiction other than those that mandatorily
apply. Each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California and the federal courts of the United States of America located in Orange County, California solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of
the provisions of this Agreement and in respect of the transactions contemplated. Each party waives and agrees not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation and enforcement hereof, or in respect of any such
transaction, that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each party consents to and
grants any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute and agree that the mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in
Section 11.6 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient service. 

11.2.2 Waiver of Jury
Trial. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right such party may
have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of this Agreement, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each party
certifies and acknowledges that (a) no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver;
(b) such party understands and has considered the implications of this waiver; (c) such party makes this waiver voluntarily; and (d) such party has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers
and certifications in this Section 11.2.2. 

11.3 Taxes. All amounts payable and benefits provided hereunder shall be subject
to any and all applicable taxes, as required by applicable Federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. 

11.4 Amendments;
Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such modification, waiver or discharge is approved by a Person authorized by the Company and is agreed to in writing by Executive. No waiver by any party at any
time of any breach by any other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or
subsequent time. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be implied from any course of dealing between or among the parties hereto or from any failure by any party hereto to assert its rights hereunder on any occasion or series of
occasions. 

11.5 Legal Advice; Severability; Blue Pencil. Executive acknowledges that Executive
has been advised to seek independent legal counsel for advice regarding the effect of the provisions of this Agreement, and has either obtained such advice of independent legal counsel, or has voluntarily and without compulsion elected to enter into
and be bound by the terms of this Agreement without such advice of independent legal counsel. In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Executive and the Company agree that the covenants contained in Section 8 are reasonable covenants under the circumstances, and further agree that if, in the opinion
of any court of competent jurisdiction such covenants are not reasonable in any respect, such court shall have the right, power and authority to excise or modify such provision or provisions of these covenants as to the court shall appear not
reasonable and to enforce the remainder of these covenants as so amended. 

11.6 Notices. Any notice or other communication required
or permitted to be delivered under this Agreement shall be (a) in writing; (b) delivered personally, by courier service or by certified or registered mail, first class postage prepaid and return receipt requested with a copy by electronic
mail; (c) deemed to have been received on the date of delivery or, if so mailed, on the third business day after the mailing thereof; and (d) addressed as follows (or to such other address as the party entitled to notice shall hereafter
designate in accordance with the terms hereof): 

(i) If to the Company: Xponential Fitness, LLC 

17877 Von Karman Avenue, Suite 100 

Irvine, CA 92614 

Attention:
Chief Legal Officer 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Paul Hastings LLP 

200 Park
Avenue 

New York, New York 10166 

Attention: Eduardo Gallardo; Jason Ertel 

(ii) If to Executive, to the last home address on file with the Company. 

11.7 Survival. The Company and Executive agree that certain provisions of this Agreement shall survive the expiration of the Employment
Period in accordance with their terms, including, but not limited to, Sections 7.6, 8, 9, 10, and 11. 

11.8 Further
Assurances. Each party hereto agrees with the other party hereto that it will cooperate with such other party and will execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such other instruments and documents, and will take such other
actions, as such other parties may reasonably request from time to time to effectuate the provisions and purpose of this Agreement. 

11.9
Section 409A. The parties intend that any amounts payable under this Agreement comply with or are exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Section 409A)
(including under Treasury Regulation l.409A-l(b)(4) (short-term deferrals) and (b)(9) (separation pay
plans, including the exceptions under subparagraph (iii) 

and subparagraph (v)(D)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation l.409A-l through
A-6). For purposes of Section 409A, each of the payments that may be made under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. This Agreement shall be
administered, interpreted and construed in a manner that does not result in the imposition of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. The Company and Executive agree to negotiate in good faith to make amendments to the
Agreement, as the parties mutually agree are necessary or desirable to avoid the imposition of taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. Neither the Company nor Executive shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any
such payments or benefits except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not guarantee any particular tax effect, and Executive shall be solely responsible and liable for
the satisfaction of all taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed on or for the account of Executive in connection with the Agreement (including any taxes, penalties and interest under Section 409A), and neither the Company nor any of
its affiliates shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold Executive (or any beneficiary) harmless from any or all of such taxes, penalties or interest. With respect to the time of payments of any amounts under the Agreement that are
deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, references in the Agreement to termination of employment (and substantially similar phrases) shall mean separation from service within the
meaning of Section 409A. For the avoidance of doubt, it is intended that any expense reimbursement made to Executive hereunder shall be exempt from Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any expense reimbursement made hereunder
shall be determined to be deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, then (i) the amount of the indemnification payment or expense reimbursement during one taxable year shall not affect the amount of the
expense reimbursement during any other taxable year, (ii) the expense reimbursement shall be made on or before the last day of Executives taxable year following the year in which the expense was incurred and (iii) the right to
expense reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

11.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The parties agree to accept a signed facsimile copy or PDF of this Agreement as a fully
binding original. 

11.11 Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for the convenience of the
parties only and are not intended to be a part hereof or to affect the meaning or interpretation of any terms. 

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Agreement by its authorized
representative, and Executive has executed this Agreement, in each case effective as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY:

XPONENTIAL FITNESS, LLC

By: 

/s/ Theo Apanco

Name: Theo Apanco

Title: CHRO

EXECUTIVE

By: 

/s/ Tim Weiderhoft

Name: Tim Weiderhoft
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d923759dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Xponential Fitness Announces Executive Leadership Appointments 

IRVINE, Calif. January 15, 2025 Xponential Fitness, Inc. (NYSE: XPOF) (the Company or Xponential
Fitness), one of the leading global franchisors of boutique health and wellness brands, today announced the appointment of four seasoned executives to its leadership team. 

The appointments include John Kawaja as President of North America effective January 13, 2025; Tim Weiderhoft as Chief Operating Officer of North America
effective January 13, 2025; Kevin Beygi as Chief Technology Officer effective January 13, 2025; and Eric Simon as Chief Development Officer effective January 20, 2025. 

Welcoming these accomplished leaders marks another key milestone in the Companys evolution, said Mark King, CEO of Xponential
Fitness. They will play vital roles in transforming our culture, facilitating profitable growth, and positioning the Company to become the global franchisor of choice in health and wellness. 

Prior to being promoted to President of North America, Kawaja served as the Companys President of Wholesale. Previously, Kawaja was President at
TaylorMade Golf Company and the Head of Marketing for North America at Adidas Group. 

Prior to joining the Company as Chief Operating Officer of North
America, Weiderhoft was Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Franchising for Central Bark USA, Chief Executive Officer at Wow Wow Hawaiian Lemonade, and Vice President of Franchise Development at Massage Envy Franchising LLC. 

Prior to joining the Company as Chief Technology Officer, a newly created role at the Company, Beygi was Director of Data Analytics, Enablement &
Operations for Microsoft Corporation, and held senior advisory roles with The Walt Disney Company, MISO, Shell and Total Energies. 

Prior to joining the
Company as Chief Development Officer, another newly created role at the Company, Simon was Senior Vice President of Franchise Sales and Development at The Joint Chiropractic, Director of Franchise Development at AAMCO Transmission and Total Car
Care, and International Development Manager for The UPS Store. 

About Xponential Fitness, Inc. 

Xponential Fitness, Inc. (NYSE: XPOF) is one of the leading global franchisors of boutique health and wellness brands. Through its mission to make health and
wellness accessible to everyone, the Company operates a diversified platform of eight brands spanning across verticals including Pilates, indoor cycling, barre, stretching, boxing, strength training, metabolic health, and yoga. In partnership with
its franchisees, Xponential offers energetic, accessible, and personalized workout experiences led by highly qualified instructors in studio locations throughout the U.S. and internationally, with franchise, master franchise and international
expansion agreements in 49 U.S. states and 27 additional countries. Xponentials portfolio of brands includes Club Pilates, the largest Pilates brand in the United States; CycleBar, the largest indoor cycling brand in the United States;
StretchLab, the largest assisted stretching brand in the United States offering one-on-one and group stretching services; YogaSix, the largest yoga brand in the United
States; Pure Barre, a total body workout that uses the ballet barre to perform small isometric movements, and the largest Barre brand in the United States; Rumble, a boxing-inspired full body workout; BFT, a functional training and strength-based
program; and Lindora, a leading provider of medically guided wellness and metabolic health solutions. For more information, please visit the Companys website at xponential.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains
forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections of future performance based on managements judgment, beliefs, current trends, and anticipated financial performance. These forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, statements relating to the Companys ability to benefit from the executives experience and expertise. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to
differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, our relationships with master franchisees, franchisees and international partners; difficulties and challenges in opening
studios by franchisees; the ability of franchisees to generate sufficient revenues; risks relating to expansion into international markets; loss of reputation and brand awareness; general economic conditions and industry trends; and other risks as
described in our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the full year ended December 31, 2023 filed by Xponential with the SEC and other periodic reports filed with the SEC. Other
unknown or unpredictable factors or underlying assumptions subsequently proving to be incorrect could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance, or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All information provided in this press release
is as of todays date, unless otherwise stated, and Xponential undertakes no duty to update such information, except as required under applicable law. 

Contact: 

Addo Investor Relations 

investor@xponential.com 

(310) 829-5400
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>xpof-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>xpof-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>xpof-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g923759g0115104819635.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001802156

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity Registrant Name XPONENTIAL FITNESS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40638

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4395129

Entity Address, Address Line One 17877 Von Karman Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Irvine

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92614

City Area Code (949)

Local Phone Number 346-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol XPOF

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.xponential.com//20250113/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d923759d8k.htm 
xpof-20250113.xsd 
xpof-20250113_lab.xml 
xpof-20250113_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-008415-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d923759d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001802156 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

false 
0001802156 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
XPONENTIAL FITNESS, INC. 
DE 
001-40638 
84-4395129 
17877 Von Karman Avenue 
Suite 100 
Irvine 
CA 
92614 
(949) 
346-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
XPOF 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>