<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-017658.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-017658.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227080950
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-017658
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUNation Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000022701
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				410957999
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31588
		FILM NUMBER:		25673146

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		171 REMINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			RONKONKOMA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11779
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9529961674

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		171 REMINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			RONKONKOMA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11779

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pineapple Energy Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220412

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pineapple Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950401
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0232346-8k_sunation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000002270100000227012025-02-242025-02-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United
States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
February 24, 2025

SUNation Energy, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware

(State Or Other Jurisdiction
Of Incorporation) 

001-31588 41-0957999

(Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

171 Remington Boulevard

Ronkonkoma, NY 11779

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(631) 750-9454

Registrants Telephone
Number, Including Area Code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value, $.05 per share SUNE The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth below, in relevant part, in Item 7.01 (relating
to the issuance of Series D Preferred Stock) is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

Conduit Loan Collateral

As more fully described in our previously filed
periodic reports, on July 22, 2024, the Company obtained bridge loan financing for working capital purposes from Conduit Capital U.S.
Holdings LLC (Conduit), an unaffiliated lender (the Original Conduit Note). Pursuant thereto, Conduit loaned
the principal sum of $1,000,000 to the Company on an original issue (OID) basis of 20% and accordingly, Conduit advanced
$800,000 to the Company (the Conduit Loan). The loans due to Conduit will accrue interest on the unpaid principal amount,
without deduction for the OID, at an annual rate of 20%; provided that payment in full on the Conduit Maturity Date (as defined below)
satisfies the interest accrual on the loans from initial issuance to the Conduit Maturity Date. All such loans are secured by a pledge
of all of the Companys assets. As a condition to such loan(s), the Company agreed to cause the nomination of a designee of Conduit
for election to its Board of Directors. The loans due to Conduit will become due on July 21, 2025 (the Conduit Maturity Date);
provided that if the Company consummates one or more equity offerings prior to the Conduit Maturity Date in which it derives aggregate
gross proceeds of at least $3.15 million, it will be required to repay the unpaid principal balance of the Initial Conduit Loan, including
the OID, simultaneous with the closing(s) of such offering(s); and further provided that if the Company consummates one or more equity
offerings prior to the Conduit Maturity Date in which it derives aggregate gross proceeds of at least $4.4 million, the Company will be
required to repay the entire unpaid principal amount of all loans due to Conduit, including the OID, simultaneous with the closing(s)
of such offering(s).

On February 26, 2025, the Company entered into
a consent and waiver agreement to the loan agreement with Conduit. In accordance therewith, the Company issued one (1) share of Series
D Preferred Stock to Conduit as further collateral security for the Conduit Loan. The Series D Preferred Stock was issued in accordance
with a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations filed with the State of Delaware on February 27, 2025. In connection
with the issuance of the share of Series D Preferred Stock, Conduit granted an irrevocable proxy to the Company to vote such share on
as as-converted basis as a single class with the holders of the Companys common stock. Such share is being held in escrow by legal
counsel to the Company, and upon full payment of the Conduit Loan, the share will be returned to the Company and will be cancelled. The
foregoing summary is qualified by the full text of the Certificate of Designation attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K.

ATM Sales

On October 21, 2024, the Company entered into
an At the Market (ATM) Offering Agreement (the Sales Agreement) with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Sales
Agent). The Company has authorized the sale, at its discretion, of common stock shares in an aggregate offering amount up to $10,000,000
under the Sales Agreement pursuant to the Companys effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267066), as supplemented
by a prospectus supplement. Through the filing of our last quarterly report on November 14, 2024, we had sold an aggregate of 394,381
shares for gross proceeds of $2,310,547 under the ATM facility. Subsequent to our last periodic report, and through the date of this current
report, we have sold an additional 206,085 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $509,076 under the ATM facility.

Previously Issued Warrant, Settlement Exchange

As more fully described in our previously filed
periodic reports, on June 28, 2021, the Company (via its predecessor entity, Communications Systems, Inc., CSI) entered
into a securities purchase agreement (SPA) in which, subsequent to the closing of the merger between CSI and Pineapple Energy,
LLC (together and following a series of related transactions ultimately became Pineapple Energy, Inc., Pineapple), the Company
authorized the issuance and sale of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (Series A Preferred Stock),
together with a warrant (the Series A Warrants), to certain investors in a private offering (PIPE Investors).
On September 15, 2021, the Company amended the SPA to issue thirty-two thousand restricted shares of Series A Preferred Stock, to the
PIPE Investors for thirty-two million dollars in cash (the Amendment). Concurrent with the Amendment, the Company entered
into warrant agreements with the PIPE Investors to purchase Common Stock, whereby the Company issued approximately five-year warrants
(PIPE Warrants) to purchase Common Stock for cash or in a cashless exercise. These Series A Preferred Stock and PIPE Warrants
were issued on March 28, 2022 upon the consummation of the merger between CSI and Pineapple.

1

The Series A Warrants contained anti-dilution
provisions that would increase the number of shares issuable upon exercise and lower the exercise price of the Series A Warrants if the
Company issued equity securities at a price less than the then current exercise price of the Series A Warrants at the time of such issuance.
Numerous Series A Warrants were exercised and, as a result, most and eventually all of our then authorized shares were issued as a result.
Beginning on or about May 29, 2024 through June 5, 2024, the Company had received additional warrant exercise notices; however, as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions of the then outstanding Series A Warrants and the prior exercises thereunder, the Company did not have
sufficient shares authorized to issue all of such warrant shares thereunder in a timely manner. Upon receiving shareholder approval in
July 2024, however, our authorized share capital was increased, and we immediately proceeded to satisfy the issuance of these remaining
shares of common stock. As further disclosed in our previously filed SEC reports and the risk factors therein, including an accrual for
then estimated loss contingencies related thereto (including for the payment of up to fifty thousand dollars in cash), while we had ultimately
satisfied our share delivery obligations to the then outstanding Series A Warrant holders, the Series A Warrants contained certain contractual
clauses, including potential financial penalty provisions for late delivery of shares. Recently, a limited number of alleged penalty claims
were informally (not through a legal proceeding or threatened legal action) brought to the Companys attention and assessed in regard
to the potential contractual provisions at issue. Following our internal analysis and other discussions, it was concluded that there were
only three holders of such contractual rights under the previously outstanding Series A Warrants. Therefore, it was determined to be in
the best interest of the Company to issue (subject to beneficial ownership limitations), an aggregate of four-hundred seven thousand,
six hundred fifty-six shares of common stock, to date, with each and all such issuances at the market value (with no anti-dilution or
price reset features), and to reserve an additional aggregate of approximately five hundred thousand shares of common stock for any subsequent
issuances related thereto (which share total may change as it is subject to the market price at the time of such issuance, but also subject
to applicable Nasdaq marketplace rules). The common stock share issuance(s) described herein are collectively intended to serve as a complete
form of a penalty payment in exchange for and in order to settle and release any and all such individual contractual disputes and potential
future claims and costs, as well as the time burden on management that would be involved in connection with a potential legal dispute
in the absence of such contractual settlement, and in order to preserve cash for working capital and other necessary items. None of the
Series A Warrants or Series A Preferred Stock shares remain outstanding as of the date of this current report.

Legal Proceedings

We are involved in various claims, many arising
in the ordinary course of business, including some which we believe are immaterial or which we believe to be frivolous, including actions
with respect to contractual matters. In connection with these matters, we assess, on a regular basis, the probability and range of possible
loss based on the developments in these matters. Recently, an action by a landlord to recover approximately $34,000 plus attorneys
fees and punitive damages based upon an alleged breach of the lease between Remington Industrial Management LLC and Sunation Solar Systems,
Inc. The landlord asserts that Sunation Solar Systems, Inc. has the obligation to insure the entire building rather than keep in full
force and effect fire and hazard insurance for the full replacement value of all improvements located on the demised premise
as specifically provided in the lease rider. Sunation Solar Systems denies that it has an obligation to insure the entire building under
the express terms of the lease which is not a triple net lease. The landlord has asserted three causes of action for breach
of contract, declaratory judgment that the lease requires Sunation to insure the building itself, and a third vague fraud
theory. The claims against SUNation Energy, Inc. based upon vague allegations of fraud are likely unsustainable. The claims are baseless
and frivolous and defendants intend to vigorously defend them.

From time to time, we also face threatened legal
actions or claims in the ordinary course of our business. One such matter involves a residential customer who has informally alleged that
Sunation Solar Systems is responsible for the cost to replace certain equipment by a third-party manufacturer that was found to be admittedly
defective (by the manufacturer), the cost of which may be substantial. At the moment, SUNation Energy, Inc. has not been included in the
claim or allegations; however, to the extent that litigation is commenced, the Company intends to vigorously defend against these as yet
unasserted claims.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
statements. Any statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as if, may, should,
intend, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates,
predicts, potential or continue or the negative, derivative or extension of these terms or other
comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to the Companys management
as well as estimates and assumptions made by its management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results,
performance or developments to differ materially from those contained in the statements. These statements are only predictions and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Companys or its industrys actual results,
levels of activity or performance to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity or performance expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and
the Company does not undertake an obligation to update these forward-looking statements after such date.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Designation

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATUREs

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

SUNATION ENERGY, INC.

By: /s/ James Brennan

James Brennan

Chief Operating Officer

Date: February 27, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023234601ex3-1_sunation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

SUNATION
ENERGY, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES D CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 151 OF THE 

GENERAL
CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE

The undersigned, Scott Maskin,
does hereby certify that:

1. I am the Chief Executive Officer of SUNation Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation).

2. The Corporation is authorized to issue three million shares of preferred stock, of which 35,000 shares have been designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

3. The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) on February 26, 2025:

WHEREAS, the certificate
of incorporation of the Corporation provide for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of three million
shares, $1.00 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of redemption
and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series and the
designation thereof, of any of them; and

WHEREAS, it is the
desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters
relating to a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of one (1) share of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the
authority to issue, as follows:

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT
RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock for cash or exchange of
other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating
to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e)(iv).

Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an
individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control
(whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Corporation, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the
voting securities of the Corporation (other than by means of conversion or exercise of Preferred Stock and the Warrants), (b) the Corporation
merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Corporation and, after giving effect
to such transaction, the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 67% of the aggregate voting
power of the Corporation or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Corporation (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole),
directly or indirectly, sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to such transaction own less than 67% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring Person immediately after the transaction,
(d) a replacement at one time or within a one year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not
approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals
who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority
of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the Original Issue Date), or (e) the execution by the Corporation of an agreement
to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Closing
shall mean the consummation of an underwritten public offering or best efforts offering of Common Stock (with or without warrants) with
gross proceeds of not less than fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000).

Closing
Date shall mean the date on which a Closing shall be consummated.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.05 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
common stock may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Amount means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a). 

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

2

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Holder
means a holder of the Preferred Stock.

New York
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(d).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred
Stock.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Record
Date means the date that is three (3) Business Days after the Closing Date.

Redemption
Price means the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00).

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Securities
means the Preferred Stock and the Conversion Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Standard
Settlement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Stated
Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

3

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Corporation, and any successor transfer agent of the
Corporation.

Section 2. Designation,
Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as its Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the
Preferred Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be one (1) (which shall not be subject to
increase without the written consent of the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock). Each share
of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $1.00 per share and a stated value equal to Five Hundred Thousand ($500,000.00) Dollars
(the Stated Value).

Section 3. Dividends.
If the Corporation declares, pays or sets aside any dividends on shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (other than dividends on
shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock), the Holders of the Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to
participate in such dividend on each outstanding share of Preferred Stock in an amount equal to that dividend per share of Preferred
Stock as would equal the product of (A) the dividend payable on each share of Common Stock determined, if applicable, as if all
shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of a share of Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders entitled to
receive such dividend.

Section 4. Voting
Rights.

a) Except as otherwise
provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder (through its Delegee, as defined below)
thereof to vote with respect to the such proposals brought before shareholders of the Corporation together as a single class with the
Common Stock on an as-converted basis as follows: each outstanding share of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to such number of votes
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Stated Value thereof by (ii) the Conversion Price. As long as any shares of Preferred
Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares
of the Preferred Stock (the Required Holders), (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given
to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, (b) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to redemption
senior to the Preferred Stock, (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects
any rights of the Holders, (d) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, or (c) enter into any agreement with respect
to any of the foregoing.

b) Each Holder,
in order to induce the Corporation to issue the Preferred Stock, agrees that any and all Securities owned by such Holder are and shall
hereby be subject to the irrevocable appointment by each such Holder to the Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation (the Delegee),
from and after the date of issuance of the Preferred Stock and through and including the full redemption thereof, as such Holders
attorney and proxy pursuant to the provisions of Section 212(e) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, with full power of substitution,
to vote in such manner as Delegee or his/her duly authorized representative shall, in his/her sole discretion, deems proper and otherwise
act with respect to each and all shares of Preferred Stock and all other securities issued to such Holder by the Corporation in respect
of the Shares, which such Holder is entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (whether annual or special and
whether or not an adjourned or postponed meeting) or consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise, including without limitation for
or against the adjournment or postponement of any such meeting duly called. Each Holder hereby consents to and grants such irrevocable
proxy and power of attorney to Delegee. This proxy and power of attorney is irrevocable and coupled with an interest, shall not be terminated
by any act of the Holders or by operation of law, by lack of appropriate power or authority, or by the occurrence of any other event or
events and shall be binding upon all successors, assigns, heirs, beneficiaries and legal representatives of the Holders. Each Holder hereby
revokes all other proxies and powers of attorney with respect to the shares of Preferred Stock (and all other securities issued by the
Corporation to such Holder in respect of such shares) which it may have heretofore appointed or granted, and no subsequent proxy or power
of attorney shall be given (and if given, shall not be effective) by such Holder with respect thereto. Each Holder further agrees not
to commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.

4

Section 5. Conversion.

a) Conversion
at Option of Holders. Each outstanding share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after
the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set
forth in Section 5(c)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. Holders shall
effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice
of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number
of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion
at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers
by facsimile such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date
is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed
delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall
control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, Holders shall not be required
to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock
represented thereby are so converted or redeemed hereunder, in which case such Holders shall deliver the certificate representing such
shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

b) Conversion
Price. The conversion price of the Preferred Stock shall equal $1.25 per share, subject to adjustment herein (the Conversion
Price).

c) Mechanics of Conversion.

i. Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation
shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holders the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion
of the Preferred Stock which shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions. The Corporation shall deliver the Conversion
Shares required to be delivered by the Corporation under this Section 5 electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporations primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

ii. Failure
to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed
by the applicable Holders by the Share Delivery Date, the Holders shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any
time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return
to the Holders any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holders shall promptly return to the Corporation
the Conversion Shares issued to such Holders pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

5

iii. Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any
action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such
Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other
Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection
with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver
by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert
any or all of the Stated Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or
any one associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless
an injunction from a court, on notice to such Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock of
such Holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount
of 150% of the Stated Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion
of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains
judgment.. In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly
noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 5(c)(i) by the Share Delivery
Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for
each $5,000 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $50 per Trading Day (increasing to $100 per Trading Day on the third Trading
Day and increasing to $200 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the
Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue actual damages for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and
such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including without limitation a
decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce
damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to
Section 5(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise), or such Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery
Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available
to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions)
for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled
to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of
Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied
with its delivery requirements under Section 5(c)(i). For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual
sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000
under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall
provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Corporations failure to timely deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required
pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, as herein provided, free
from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holders (and the other Holders of the
Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the adjustments
and restrictions of Section 6) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all
shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

6

vi. Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holders would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion
Price or round up to the next whole share. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, but consistent with the provisions
of this subsection with respect to fractional Conversion Shares, nothing shall prevent any Holders from converting fractional shares of
Preferred Stock.

vii. Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any Holders
for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided
that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and
delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and
the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the
issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation
that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion
and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day
electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

viii. Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right
to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice
of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder
or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock
which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including,
without limitation, the Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as
set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 5(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
5(c) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion
of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares
of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure
compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion
that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 5(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written
notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral
request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to such Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock,
9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. A Holder, upon notice to the Corporation, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 5(c) applicable to its Preferred Stock provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Preferred Stock held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 5(c) shall continue
to apply. Any such increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Corporation and shall only apply to such Holder and no other Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented
in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 5(c) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof)
which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
Holder of Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate of Designation to the contrary, upon the election of a Holder
made prior to the issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and this Section 5(c) shall not apply
to any conversion of Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control Transaction.

7

Section 6. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while any shares of this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common
Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion
of this Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation)
outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 6(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the
case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 6(a), if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) [RESERVED]

d) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its
assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without
limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holders shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the
same extent that the Holders would have participated therein if the Holders had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon
complete conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is
taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in
the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to
such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion
of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, (A) the Corporation shall, directly or indirectly, including
through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or
not the Corporation is the surviving corporation) another Person, Affiliate or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder) ( Subject Entity), or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise
dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Corporation or any of its significant subsidiaries
(as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make,
or allow the Corporation to be subject to or have its shares of Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making,
a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
(y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party
to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such
number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party
to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act)
of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities
whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject
Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business
combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the
beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v)
reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its shares of Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall, directly or indirectly, including through
subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities
in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly,
whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common
Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting
power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented
by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the effective date of the Securities Exchange
Agreements calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of
the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Corporation
sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other shareholders of
the Corporation to surrender their Common Stock without approval of the shareholders of the Corporation or (C) directly or indirectly,
including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any
other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case
this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to
the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
treatment of such instrument or transaction (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion
of this Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such
conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 5(c) on the
conversion of this Preferred Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation,
if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Preferred Stock is convertible
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 5(c) on the conversion of this Preferred
Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting
the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary
to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file
a new Certificate of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing
provisions and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 6(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder of this Preferred Stock, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Preferred
Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a
conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation referring to the Corporation
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation
herein.

9

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 6 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 6, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to the Holders.

i. Adjustment
to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 6, the Corporation shall
promptly deliver to each Holder by email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holders. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any
reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), or any compulsory share exchange whereby
the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed
at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered by facsimile
or email to each Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least
twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which
a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken,
the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof
shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided
hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holders shall remain entitled
to convert the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice
through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 7. Mandatory
Redemption of Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall redeem any and all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, if any, on the
sooner to occur of (1) July 22, 2025 or (2) the Record Date. Redemption shall be made by full payment of the Redemption Price to the Holders
in immediately available funds. Upon redemption, all of the rights and privileges of the Preferred Stock shall automatically and immediately
terminate and shall be extinguished and void, and the Holders shall deliver and return their stock certificates to the Corporation.

10

Section 8. General
Provisions.

a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Corporation, at 171 Remington Boulevard, Ronkonkoma, New York 11779, Attention: Scott Maskin, e-mail
address smaskin@sunation.com, facsimile number 631-750-9455 or such other facsimile number, e-mail address as the Corporation
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 8. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or e-mail attachment,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holders at the facsimile number, e-mail address or address
of such Holders appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, e-mail address or address appears on the books
of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holders, as set forth in the Securities Exchange Agreement. Any notice
or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the e-mail address set forth or
referenced in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the e-mail address set forth
or referenced in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii)
the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual
receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

b) Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or impair the obligation
of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages, accrued dividends and accrued interest, as applicable,
on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

c) Lost
or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu
of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost,
stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership thereof
reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

d) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws thereof. All legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Certificate of Designation (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state or federal courts sitting in the State and City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
(the New York Courts). The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such
suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. The Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate
of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Corporation or any Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce
any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

11

e) Waiver.
Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or a waiver
by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation
on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation
or a Holder must be in writing.

f) Severability.
If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designation
shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to
all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the
applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate
of interest permitted under applicable law.

g) Next
Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment or
other obligation shall be made or performed on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed
to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i) Status
of Converted or Reacquired Preferred Stock. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted or reacquired by the Corporation,
such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as its Series
D class of Preferred Stock.

*********************

RESOLVED, FURTHER, that the
Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary
or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of
Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have executed this Certificate this 26th day of February, 2025.

12

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE
EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0.05 per share (the Common
Stock), of SUNation Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions
hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the
undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as may
be required by the Corporation. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion: 

Address for Delivery: 

Or 

DWAC Instructions: 

Broker no: 

Account no: 

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sune-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sune-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sune-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-31588

Entity Registrant Name SUNation Energy, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000022701

Entity Tax Identification Number 41-0957999

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 171 Remington Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Ronkonkoma

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11779

City Area Code 631

Local Phone Number 750-9454

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value, $.05 per share

Trading Symbol SUNE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sunation.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0232346-8k_sunation.htm 
sune-20250224.xsd 
sune-20250224_lab.xml 
sune-20250224_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-017658-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea0232346-8k_sunation_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000022701 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0000022701 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
SUNation Energy, Inc. 
DE 
001-31588 
41-0957999 
171 Remington Boulevard 
Ronkonkoma 
NY 
11779 
631 
750-9454 
Common Stock, par value, $.05 per share 
SUNE 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>