<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-001708.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-001708.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107170725
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-001708
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028293
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISC INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3590]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				993527155
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42460
		FILM NUMBER:		25515647

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 PLEASANT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 237
		CITY:			NEWBURYPORT
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01950
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5083616699

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 PLEASANT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 237
		CITY:			NEWBURYPORT
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01950
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226850-8k_rainenhanc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000202829300020282932024-12-312024-12-310002028293RAIN:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2024-12-312024-12-310002028293RAIN:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2024-12-312024-12-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 31, 2024

RAIN
ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Massachusetts 001-42460 99-3527155

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1659
Chinaberry Ct.

Naples,
FL34105

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (508) 361-6699

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share RAIN The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable
for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 RAINW The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY
NOTE

On
December 31, 2024 (the Closing Date), Coliseum Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (Coliseum),
Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (RET), Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco,
Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (Holdco), Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted
company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco (Merger Sub 1), and Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc., a Massachusetts
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Coliseum (Merger Sub 2) consummated the previously announced business
combination (the Business Combination) pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, dated
as of June 25, 2024 (as amended on August 22, 2024, the Business Combination Agreement).

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, on the Closing Date, (i) Coliseum merged with and into Merger Sub 1, with Merger Sub 1 as the
surviving company of such merger (the SPAC Merger) and (ii) following the SPAC Merger and as a part of
the same overall transaction, Merger Sub 2 merged with and into RET, with RET as the surviving entity of such merger (the
Company Merger and, together with the SPAC Merger, the Mergers), and, after
giving effect to such Mergers, each of Merger Sub 1 and RET became a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco (the time that the SPAC
Merger became effective being referred to as the SPAC Merger Effective Time, the time that the Company
Merger became effective being referred to as the Company Merger Effective Time, and the time after which
both Mergers became effective being referred to as the Closing). Following the Closing, Holdco holds all
of the equity interests of RET and Merger Sub 1.

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

PIPE
Subscription Agreements

As
previously disclosed, in connection with the Business Combination, on December 20, 2024 and December 23, 2024, Holdco entered into subscription
agreements (collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements) with certain investors, including existing shareholders
of RET and Coliseum and members of Holdcos board of directors (the Board), or their affiliates (the
PIPE Investors) pursuant
to which, among other things, Holdco agreed to issue and sell to the PIPE investors, and the PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and
purchase in a private placement, an aggregate of 83,429 shares of Holdcos Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Holdco
Class A Common Stock), at a purchase price of approximately $11.39 per share, which was the then-approximate per share
redemption price of Coliseums public shares in the Business Combination, for an aggregate of $950,000.

On
December 31, 2024, Holdco entered into PIPE Subscription Agreements with additional PIPE Investors pursuant to which, among other
things, Holdco agreed to issue and sell to the PIPE investors, and the PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase in a private
placement, an aggregate of 35,128 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of approximately
$11.39 per share, for an aggregate additional subscription amount of $400,000. Together with the previous PIPE Subscription Agreements,
the aggregate amount to be sold pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements is approximately 118,557 shares of Holdco Class A Common
Stock for an aggregate investment amount of approximately $1,350,000 (the PIPE Investment).

The
PIPE Investors include an affiliate of Harry You, who was Coliseums chairman of the board and sponsor and a shareholder and lender
to RET prior to Closing, and is Holdcos chairman of the Board and a shareholder and lender to Holdco after the Closing, an affiliate
of Paul Dacier, who was the President and sole director of Holdco and the President, director, and shareholder of RET prior to Closing,
and Lyman Dickerson, who is a member of Holdcos Board after the Closing. For more information
about the material relationships between Mr. You, Mr. Dacier, Mr. Dickerson and Holdco and its affiliates, see Items 2.01 and 5.02 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report).

The
PIPE Subscription Agreements contain customary representations and warranties of each of Holdco and the PIPE Investors, and customary
conditions to closing, including the consummation of the Business Combination between Holdco, Coliseum and RET. The PIPE Investors are
parties to, or signed joinders to, the Registration Rights Agreement, described in more detail below, and accordingly, Holdco will be
obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement to register for resale the shares of Holdco Class
A Common Stock issued in the PIPE Investment within 30 days of the Closing and to cause such registration statement to be declared effective
by the SEC as soon as practicable after the filing thereof. The PIPE Investors also have demand and piggyback rights pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement.

The
foregoing description of the PIPE Subscription Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the form of PIPE Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.9 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

1

Lock-Up
Agreement

On December 31, 2024, in connection
with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, Holdco and certain shareholders
of Holdco, including Harry You, Niccolo de Masi, and Paul Dacier, or their affiliates (collectively, the RET Founders),
Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Previous Sponsor) and Berto,
LLC (the New Sponsor) entered into a lock-up agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement).
The lock-up parties include affiliates of Harry You, who was Coliseums chairman of the board and sponsor and a shareholder
and lender to RET prior to Closing, and is Holdcos chairman of the Board and a shareholder and lender to Holdco after the Closing,
affiliates of Paul Dacier, who was the President and sole director of Holdco and the President, director, and shareholder of RET prior
to Closing, and Niccolo de Masi, who was a shareholder and lender to RET prior to Closing. For more
information about the material relationships between Mr. You, Mr. Dacier, Mr. de Masi and Holdco and its affiliates, see Items 2.01 and
5.02 of this Current Report.

Pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreement,
the shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock held by the parties to the Lock-Up Agreement (including shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock
issued pursuant to the Warrant Exchange but not including any shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock purchased in the PIPE Investment)
are subject to transfer restrictions until the end of the earlier of (x) two (2) years after the Closing Date and (y) the date on which
Holdco completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of Holdcos
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.

The
foregoing description of the Lock-Up Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the Lock-Up Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Extension
Non-Redeeming Shareholder Joinders

As
previously disclosed, in November 2023, in connection with an amendment to Coliseums organizational documents to extend the time
by which Coliseum must complete its initial business combination, Harry You entered into non-redemption agreements (the Extension
Non-Redemption Agreements) with certain of Coliseums existing shareholders and other unaffiliated investors (collectively,
the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders), pursuant to which the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders agreed
not to redeem an aggregate of 2,023,236 of Coliseums public shares and to vote all of such shares in favor of the extension. In
exchange for these commitments from the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders, Mr. You agreed to forfeit and surrender for no consideration
an aggregate of 606,972 Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares (the Forfeited Shares) at the Closing and Coliseum
agreed to issue to the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders a number of newly issued ordinary shares in an amount equal to the Forfeited
Shares. (such shares, the NRA Shares).

Pursuant to the terms of the
Extension Non-Redemption Agreements, the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders agreed to be bound by the transfer restrictions with respect
to the NRA Shares that are set forth in the letter agreement originally entered into between Coliseum and the Previous Sponsor in connection
with Coliseums initial public offering, and are entitled to registration rights with respect to the NRA Shares to the same extent
as the Coliseum sponsors. Accordingly, between December 18, 2024 and December 20, 2024, the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders entered
into an omnibus joinder to such letter agreement and to the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below) (such joinders, the Joinders)
in connection with the Closing. Accordingly, pursuant to the Joinder, the NRA Shares may not be transferred until the earlier of (A) one
year after the Closing Date and (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of Holdco Class A Common
Stock equals or exceeds (i) $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after Closing Date
or (ii) $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 75 days after the Closing Date, or (y) the date
on which Holdco completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of Holdcos
shareholders having the right to exchange their Holdco common stock for cash, securities or other property. Further, pursuant to the Joinder,
the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders have the same registration rights as the Previous Sponsor and New Sponsor and the NRA Shares
shall be Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement.

The
foregoing description of the Joinder is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Joinder, which is included
as Exhibit 10.5 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

2

Registration
Rights Agreement

On December 31, 2024, in connection
with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, Holdco, Coliseum, the Previous
Sponsor, New Sponsor, Harry You, and the RET Founders entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement). Additionally, each of the PIPE Investors signed joinders to or counterpart signature pages to the Registration
Rights Agreement. The parties to the Registration Rights Agreement include affiliates of Harry You, who was Coliseums chairman
of the board and sponsor and a shareholder and lender to RET prior to Closing, and is Holdcos chairman of the Board and a shareholder
and lender to Holdco after the Closing, affiliates of Paul Dacier, who was the President and sole director of Holdco and the President,
director, and shareholder of RET prior to Closing, Niccolo de Masi, who was a shareholder and lender to RET prior to Closing, Oanh Truong,
who was the interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Coliseum prior to Closing and is Holdcos interim Chief
Financial Officer following Closing, Christopher Riley, who was RETs Chief Executive Officer and director prior to Closing and
is Holdcos interim co-Chief Executive Officer and a director following Closing, Randy Seidl, who is Holdcos co-Chief Executive
Officer and a director following Closing, Alexandra Steele, Eric Smith, and Lyman Dickerson, who are Holdco directors following Closing,
and Walter Skowronski, Roland Rapp, and Kenneth Rivers, who were Coliseum directors prior to Closing. For
more information about the material relationships between such persons and Holdco and its affiliates, see Items 2.01 and 5.02 of this
Current Report.

The material terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement are described in the section of the final prospectus of Holdco and
RET and definitive proxy statement of Coliseum, dated December 10, 2024 and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on
December 10, 2024 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) titled The Business CombinationAncillary
DocumentsRegistration Rights Agreement beginning on page 176. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement, which is included as
Exhibit 10.6 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Warrant
Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement

On December 31, 2024 in connection
with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, Holdco, Coliseum, and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Continental) entered into the Warrant Assignment, Assumption and Amendment
agreement (the Warrant Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement) pursuant to which, among other things,
Coliseum assigned all of its right, title, and interest in and to, and Holdco assumed all of Coliseums obligations under the Warrant
Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2021, between Coliseum and Continental (the Warrant Agreement). As a result,
at the SPAC Merger Effective Time each issued and outstanding warrant to acquire Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares initially issued as
part of the units sold in Coliseums initial public offering (the Coliseum Public Warrants) was assumed
by Holdco and became exercisable for shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock in lieu of Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares (each, a Holdco
Warrant). The material terms of the Holdco Warrants are described in the section titled Description of Holdcos
SecuritiesPublic Warrants beginning on page 316 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. As previously disclosed, each Coliseum
Private Placement Warrant was exchanged on the Closing Date for Holdco Class A Common Stock in the Warrant Exchange and is no longer outstanding.

The
foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Warrant Assignment, Assumption and Amendment
Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 4.4 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

3

Line
of Credit

On December 30, 2024, in connection
with the consummation of the Business Combination, Holdco entered into an agreement (the Loan Agreement) with
RHY Management LLC (RHY), an affiliate of Harry You, pursuant to which RHY committed to provide Holdco with
up to $7 million of new loans (the Commitment). Prior to each drawdown of the Commitment, pursuant to the
Loan Agreement, Holdco must certify to RHY, among other things, that it has used its best efforts to raise equity, equity-linked, or debt
financing on terms available in the market to a similarly-situated company in similar circumstances, and is unable to obtain alternate
financing in the amount of such drawdown. Once amounts are borrowed, they may not be re-borrowed. Additionally, Mr. You agreed to roll
over an aggregate of approximately $3.1 million of loans and advances owed to him or to his affiliates by Coliseum and RET into the Loan
Agreement and such amounts will be treated for all purposes as loans outstanding pursuant to the Loan Agreement (which, for the avoidance
of doubt, does not decrease the Commitment). Accordingly, the maximum amount which may be borrowed under the Loan Agreement is approximately
$10.1 million, inclusive of the Commitment and rollover amounts.

The Loan Agreement has a two-year
period, matures two years from the date of the Loan Agreement, and outstanding amounts pursuant to the Loan Agreement will accrue interest
at an interest rate of 5%, payable quarterly. Harry You was Coliseums chairman of the board and sponsor and a shareholder and lender
to RET prior to Closing, and is Holdcos chairman of the Board and a shareholder and lender to Holdco after the Closing. For
more information about the material relationships between Mr. You and Holdco and its affiliates, see Items 2.01 and 5.02 of this Current
Report.

The
foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Loan Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.11 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Forward
Purchase Agreement

On
December 30, 2024, in connection with Business Combination, Coliseum, RET and Holdco entered into a forward purchase agreement (the Forward
Purchase Agreement) with each of Meteora Capital Partners, LP (MCP),
Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP (MSTO) and Meteora Strategic Capital, LLC (MSC)
(with MCP, MSTO and MSC collectively as Seller) for an OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction. For purposes
of the Forward Purchase Agreement, Counterparty refers to Coliseum prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination and Holdco after the consummation of the Business Combination. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Forward Purchase Agreement.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Forward Purchase Agreement, the Seller intended, but was not obligated, to own and hold up to 750,000 Coliseum Class
A Ordinary Shares prior to the Closing Date, obtained by Seller through reversals of redemptions of Coliseum Class A Ordinary
Shares either submitted by Seller or purchased by Seller separately from third parties (other than Counterparty) through a broker in
the open market (other than through Counterparty).

The
Forward Purchase Agreement provides that Seller shall be prepaid an aggregate cash amount (the Prepayment Amount)
equal (x) to the product of (i) the number of shares as set forth in a Pricing Date Notice and (ii) approximately $11.41 (which
is the approximate per share redemption price payable to redeeming shareholders in connection with the Business Combination pursuant
to Coliseums Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) (the Initial Price) less
(y) an amount equal to 0.50% of the product of (i) the Number of Shares as set forth in such Pricing Date Notice multiplied by (ii) the
Initial Price paid by Seller to Counterparty on the Prepayment Date (which amount shall be netted from the Prepayment Amount) (the Prepayment
Shortfall). Counterparty will pay to the Seller the Prepayment Amount directly from the Trust Account no later than the
earlier of (a) one business day after the Closing Date and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Account are disbursed in
connection with the Business Combination.

4

On
December 31, 2024, the Seller delivered a Pricing Date Notice (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreement) for an aggregate of 361,858
shares (the Shares) and upon the Closing the Seller was paid a Prepayment Amount of approximately $4,106,559
from the Trust Account and the Counterparty retained a Prepayment Shortfall of approximately $20,636.

From
time to time and on any date following the Closing Date (any such date, an ET Date), upon the sale of any
Shares (the number of such Shares the Terminated Shares; provided that Terminated Shares does
not include any Shortfall Sale Shares (as defined below)), Seller will pay to Counterparty an amount equal to the product of (x) the
number of newly Terminated Shares since the last ET Date (or the Closing Date if no prior ET Date) and (y) $10.00 per share (the Termination
Price) (an Early Termination Obligation), except that no such amount will be due to Counterparty
upon any Shortfall Sale (as defined below). The effect of an ET Notice will be to reduce the Number of Shares by the number of Terminated
Shares specified in such ET Notice with effect as of the related ET Date.

Seller
in its sole discretion, beginning on the day after the Closing Date, may sell Shares at any time at a price not less than the Termination
Price, without payment by Seller of any Early Termination Obligation until such time as the gross proceeds from such sales equal 100%
of the Prepayment Shortfall (such sales, Shortfall Sales, and such Shares, Shortfall Sale Shares).
For the avoidance of doubt, each sale of Shares by the Counterparty is a Shortfall Sale, subject to the terms and conditions
applicable to Shortfall Sale Shares, until such time as the gross proceeds from such sales equal 100% of the Prepayment Shortfall. Thereafter,
each sale of Shares is an Early Termination with respect to such Shares, subject to the terms and conditions applicable to Terminated
Shares.

The
Forward Purchase Agreement matures on the date (the Maturity Date) of the effectiveness of a certain registration
statement filed by Holdco with the Securities and Exchange Commission following the Closing Date, as set forth in more detail in the
Forward Purchase Agreement. On the Maturity Date, in exchange for the return to the Counterparty of the Shares less any Shortfall Sale
Shares and less any Terminated Shares (the Remaining Shares), Counterparty shall pay Seller an amount equal
to the product of (x) the number of Remaining Shares and (y) the Initial Price (the Settlement Amount), which
Settlement Amount shall be fully offset by the Prepayment Amount previously paid in respect of such Remaining Shares. However, if on
the Maturity Date the proceeds from Shortfall Sales does not equal 100% of the Prepayment Shortfall, then the difference between (x)
the Prepayment Shortfall, less (y) the proceeds from Shortfall Sales, shall be the Shortfall Variance, and
the Counterparty, as liquidated damages in respect of such Shortfall Variance, shall on the Maturity Date pay
in cash to Seller an amount equal to the Shortfall Variance.

Seller
agreed to waive any redemption rights under Coliseums Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended,
with respect to the Shares during the term of the Forward Purchase Agreement. Such waiver may reduce the number of Coliseum Class A Ordinary
Shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination, and such reduction could alter the perception of the potential strength
of the Business Combination. The Forward Purchase Agreement has been structured, and all activity in connection with such agreement has
been undertaken, to comply with the requirements of all tender offer regulations applicable to the Business Combination, including Rule 14e-5 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

The
foregoing summary of the Forward Purchase Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Forward Purchase
Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.12 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

5

Indemnification
Agreements

In
connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, Holdco entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors
and executive officers (the Indemnification Agreements). Each Indemnification Agreement provides for indemnification
and advancement by Holdco of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits, or proceedings arising from service to Holdco or,
at its request, service to other entities, as officers or directors to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. The foregoing
description of the Indemnification Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Indemnification Agreements, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Holdco
Incentive Plan

The
information set forth under Item 5.02 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

As
previously reported, on December 23, 2024, Coliseum obtained shareholder approval of the Business Combination at an
extraordinary general meeting of shareholders. In connection with such shareholder approval, shareholders holding an aggregate of 207,510
public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately $11.41 per share of the funds held in Coliseums Trust
Account, for an aggregate of approximately $2.37 million.

On
December 31, 2024, the parties to the Business Combination Agreement consummated the Business Combination.

At
the SPAC Merger Effective Time, by virtue of the SPAC Merger, each issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share, par value $0.001 per
share, of Coliseum (the Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares) (including the Coliseum Class A Ordinary Share
issued upon conversion of the sole outstanding Class B ordinary share, par value $0.001 per share, of Coliseum but not including any
public shares redeemed by public shareholders) was automatically converted into the right to receive one share of Holdco Class A Common
Stock, and each issued and outstanding Coliseum Public Warrant was assumed by Holdco and became a Holdco Warrant exercisable for shares
of Holdco Class A Common Stock in lieu of Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares.

At
the Company Merger Effective Time, by virtue of the Company Merger, (i) each issued and
outstanding share of Class A common stock of RET, par value $0.0001 per share (after the conversion of RET preferred stock pursuant
to its terms, but not including any shares held in the treasury of RET) was converted into the right to receive approximately 1,434
shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock, (ii) each share of Class B common stock of RET, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger (other than any shares held in the treasury of RET) was
converted into the right to receive approximately 1,434 shares of Class B common stock
of Holdco, par value $0.0001 per share (the Holdco Class B Common Stock), and (iii) each option
exercisable for shares of RET Class A common stock became an option exercisable for shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock on the
same terms and conditions as are in effect with respect to such RET option immediately prior to the effective time of the Company
Merger (including with respect to vesting and termination-related provisions) (each, a Holdco Option),
except that (A) such Holdco Option relates to such number of shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock (rounded down to the nearest
whole share of Holdco Class A Common Stock) as is equal to (x) the number of shares of RET Class A common stock subject to such
option multiplied by (y) approximately 1,434, and (B) the exercise price per share of
such Holdco Option is equal to the quotient of (x) the exercise price per share of such option in effect immediately prior to the
Company Merger Effective Time divided by (y) approximately 1,434 (the exercise price
per share, as so determined, being rounded up to the nearest full cent).

6

On
the Closing Date, pursuant to the previously-announced Warrant Exchange Agreement dated December 17, 2024, between Coliseum, Holdco,
the Previous Sponsor, and the New Sponsor (the Warrant Exchange Agreement), all 3,225,000 outstanding warrants
to purchase Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares initially issued in a private placement simultaneously with Coliseums initial public
offering (the Coliseum Private Placement Warrants) were exchanged for Holdco Class A Common Stock, at an
exchange ratio of 0.25 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock per Coliseum Private Placement Warrant (the Warrant Exchange).
Accordingly, as a result of the Warrant Exchange, on the Closing Date, Holdco issued an aggregate of 806,250 shares of Holdco Class A
Common Stock to the former holders of Coliseum Private Placement Warrants at the Closing and such Coliseum Private Placement Warrants
were cancelled and no longer outstanding. Such shares of Holdco Class A
Common Stock are subject to the Lock-Up Agreement described in Item 1.01 above.

On
the Closing Date, Holdco closed on $700,000 of PIPE Investment and issued an aggregate of 61,474 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock
to the PIPE Investors. Holdco expects to close on the remaining $650,000 of PIPE Investment following the Closing.

Immediately
after giving effect to the Business Combination, there were 7,471,678 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock outstanding, 57,752 shares
of Holdco Class B Common Stock outstanding, 5,000,000 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding
Holdco Warrants, and 2,150,838 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Holdco Options.

The
material terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement and related agreements are described in the section titled The
Business Combination beginning on page 149 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which description is incorporated herein by reference.

FORM
10 INFORMATION

Item
2.01(f) of Form 8-K provides that if the predecessor registrant was a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), as Coliseum was immediately before
the Business Combination, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general
form for registration of securities on Form 10. Accordingly, Holdco is providing the information below that would be included in a Form
10 if it were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to Holdco after the consummation of the Business
Combination, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires.

7

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report includes
certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the
United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as
believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate,
intend, expect, should, would, plan, project, forecast,
predict, potential, seem, seek, future, outlook, and
similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters, but the absence
of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
(1) statements regarding estimates and forecasts of other financial, performance and operational metrics and projections of market opportunity;
(2) references with respect to the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination and the projected future financial performance of
RET; (3) changes in the market for RETs services and technology, expansion plans and opportunities; (4) the projected technological
developments of RET; (5) current and future potential commercial and customer relationships; (6) the ability to operate efficiently at
scale; (7) anticipated investments in capital resources and research and development, and the effect of these investments; (8) the ability
of Holdco to issue equity or equity-linked securities in the future; (9) the ability to maintain the listing of the Holdco Class A Common
Stock and Holdco Warrants on Nasdaq following the Business Combination, including compliance with Nasdaqs corporate governance
requirements subject to applicable phase-in rules; and (10) the closing of additional funds pursuant to the PIPE Investment. These statements
are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current Report, and on the current expectations of Holdcos
management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only
and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive
statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions.
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of RET and Holdco. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties, as set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 79 and Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements beginning on page 10 in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and the other documents that
Holdco has filed, or will file, with the SEC relating to the Business Combination. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions
prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties
above are not exhaustive, and there may be additional risks that RET and Holdco do not presently know or that RET and Holdco currently
believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition,
forward looking statements reflect RET and Holdcos expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of
this Current Report. RET and Holdco anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause RET and Holdcos assessments to
change. However, while RET and Holdco may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, RET and Holdco
specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing RET and Holdcos
assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking
statements.

8

Business

Holdcos business is
described in the section titled Information About RET, beginning on page 284 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which
is incorporated herein by reference.

Risk Factors

The risks associated with
Holdcos business are described in the section titled Risk Factors, beginning on page 79 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
which is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial
Information

Historical Audited Financial Statements

The audited financial statements
of RET as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from November 10, 2022 (inception)
through December 31, 2022 are set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-73, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Historical Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements

The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2022 of RET are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
beginning on page F-57, are and incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles and pursuant to the regulations of the SEC. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial information
reflects, in the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair statement
of RETs financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods indicated. The results reported for the interim
period presented are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the full year.

These unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements of RET as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2023, as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from November 10, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022,
and the related notes included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the section titled RETs Managements Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included herein and incorporated by reference.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Information

The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information of Holdco as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the unaudited
pro forma combined statement of operations of Holdco for the year ended December 31, 2023, are set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Managements Discussion and Analysis

RETs
managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation is described in the section titled RETs
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, beginning on page 295 of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Properties

Holdcos
corporate headquarters are located at 1659 Chinaberry Ct., Naples, FL 34105. Holdco does not currently have any other facilities, however,
in order to accommodate anticipated growth and to recruit and retain top talent, Holdco anticipates seeking additional facilities in
various locations. Holdco anticipates it will be able to obtain additional space as needed under commercially reasonable terms.

9

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth beneficial ownership of Holdco Class A Common Stock and Holdco Class B Common Stock following the consummation
of the Business Combination by:

each
person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares
of Holdco Class A Common Stock or Holdco Class B Common Stock;

Each
of Holdcos current named executive officers and directors; and

All
executive officers and directors of Holdco, as a group.

The
information below is based on an aggregate of 7,471,678 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and 57,752 shares of Holdco Class B Common
Stock issued and outstanding as of the consummation of the Business Combination. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the
rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she, or it possesses sole or shared
voting or investment power over that security, including options, warrants, and other derivative securities that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days. In the table below, shares issuable upon the exercise of Holdco Options that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days of the Closing Date are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding such Holdco
Options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. Accordingly, percentages presented in the table may not sum to 100%.

Voting
power represents the combined voting power of shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and Holdco Class B Common Stock owned beneficially
by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, holders of Holdco Class A Common Stock will be entitled to cast one vote per share and
holders of Holdco Class B Common Stock will be entitled to cast 15 vote per share. Generally, holders of all classes of Holdco common
stock vote together as a single class.

10

Unless
otherwise indicated, Holdco believes that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of voting shares beneficially owned by them.

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Number of

Shares of

Holdco Class A

Common Stock % of Class Number of

Shares of

Holdco Class B

Common Stock % of Class % Total

Voting Power 

5% Holders

Harry L. You(2) 2,842,433 31.92 % 23,101 40.00 % 32.63 %

Paul T. Dacier(3) 1,848,104 24.73 % 18,481 32.00 % 25.49 %

Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor LLC(4) 1,017,155 13.61 % - - 12.20 %

Stevenson School(5) 500,000 6.69 % - - 6.00 %

ColoredRings LLC(6) 450,000 6.02 % - - 5.40 %

Niccolo de Masi(7) 809,118 9.88 % 16,170 28.00 % 11.61 %

Meteora Capital, LLC(8) 755,330 10.11 % - - 9.05 %

Holdco Directors and Executive Officers 

Christopher Riley - - - - - 

Randy Seidl - - - - - 

Oanh Truong - - - - - 

Harry L. You(2) 2,842,433 31.92 % 23,101 40.00 % 32.63 %

Alexandra Steele - - - - - 

Lyman Dickerson 17,564 * - - * 

J. Eric Smith - - - - - 

All Holdco directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) 2,859,997 32.15 % 23,101 40.00 % 32.84 %

* Less
than 1%.

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the directors and executive officers of
Holdco is c/o Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., 1659 Chinaberry Ct., Naples,
FL 34105.

(2) Includes (i) 650,120
shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock held directly by Mr. You, (ii) 194,046 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock held by RHY
Irrevocable Trust (the Trust), (iii) 564,375 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock held by Berto, LLC
(Berto), a limited liability company of which Mr. You is the sole member, (iv) 23,101 shares of Holdco
Class B Common Stock held by the Trust, and (v) 1,433,892 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issuable upon the cash exercise of
vested options held by Mr. You. Mr. You is the settlor and investment officer of the Trust, and his son is the beneficiary of the
Trust. Accordingly, Mr. You may be deemed to have a pecuniary interest in the securities held by the Trust. Mr. You disclaims
beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The business address of Mr. You is
1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89144.

(3) Includes
1,848,104 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and 18,481 shares of Holdco Class B Common
Stock held by Rainwater LLC, a limited liability company of which Paul T. Dacier is the sole
member. The business address of Mr. Dacier is 92 Woodland Street, Sherborn, MA 01770.

(4) The
business address of Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor LLC is 80 Pine Street, Suite 3202, New York,
NY 10005.

(5) The
business address of Stevenson School is 3152 Forest Lake Road, Pebble Beach, CA. 93953.

(6) The
business address of ColoredRings LLC is 66 Fernwood Road Chestnut Hill, MA 02467.

(7) Includes
92,172 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and 16,170 shares of Holdco Class B Common Stock
held by Isalea Investments LP, a limited partnership of which Mr. de Masi is the General
Partner, and 716,946 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issuable upon the cash exercise
of vested options held by Mr. de Masi. The business address of Mr. de Masi is 2809 Carlton
Rd., Austin TX 78703.

(8) Interests shown are held
by certain funds and managed accounts to which Meteora Capital, LLC serves as investment manager (the Meteora Funds).
Vikas Mittal serves as the managing member of Meteora Capital, LLC with respect to the ordinary shares held by the Meteora Funds.
Mr. Mittal expressly declares that he is not the beneficial owner for the purposes of sections 13(d) or 13(g) of the Securities Act.
The principal business office address of each of Meteora Capital, LLC and Mr. Mittal is 1200 N Federal Hwy, #200, Boca Raton, FL
33432.

Directors
and Executive Officers

Other
than as disclosed in Item 5.02 below, Holdcos directors and executive officers are described in the section titled Management
of Holdco Following the Proposed Transactions, beginning on page 308 of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Executive
& Director Compensation

The executive and director
compensation of Holdcos named executive officers is described in the section titled Executive and Director Compensation,
beginning on page 312 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

11

Reference
is made to the disclosure set forth below in Item 5.02 of this Current Report under the heading Holdco Incentive Plan,
which is incorporated herein by reference.

Director
Independence 

The Board has affirmatively
determined that each of Alexandra Steele, Lyman Dickerson and J. Eric Smith is an independent director within the meaning of the listing
rules of Nasdaq. Holdco intends to take advantage of the phase-in period for companies listing in connection with an initial public offering
pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5615(b) and expects to comply with the majority independent board requirement within twelve months from
the date that Holdcos securities first began trading on Nasdaq.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Effective as of the SPAC Merger
Effective Time, the standing committees of the Board consist of an audit committee (the Audit Committee),
a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee), and a nominating and corporate governance committee
(the Nominating Committee).

Effective as of the SPAC Merger
Effective Time, the Board appointed Lyman Dickerson and J. Eric Smith to serve on the Audit Committee, appointed Alexandra Steele, Lyman
Dickerson, and J. Eric Smith to serve on the Compensation Committee, and appointed Alexandra Steele, Lyman Dickerson, and J. Eric Smith
to serve on the Nominating Committee.

The Board affirmatively determined
that each of the members of the Audit Committee, Lyman Dickerson and J. Eric Smith, meets the criteria for independence set forth in Exchange
Act Rule 10A-3(b)(1) and qualifies as an Independent Director as defined under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2), is financially
literate and financially sophisticated and each has not participated in the preparation of the financial statements of Holdco or any current
subsidiary of Holdco at any time during the past three years as required under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(c)(2)(A). The Board further determined
that each of Mr. Dickerson and Mr. Smith qualify as audit committee financial experts, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K. Holdco intends to take advantage of the phase-in period for companies listing in connection with an initial public offering pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5615(b) and expects to have three members of the Audit Committee who satisfy Nasdaq and SEC requirements for Audit
Committee service within twelve months from the date that Holdcos securities first began trading on Nasdaq.

The Board affirmatively determined
that each of the members of the Compensation Committee, Alexandra Steele, Lyman Dickerson and J. Eric Smith, meets the criteria for independence
with respect to compensation committee service, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(d)(2)(A).

The Board affirmatively determined
that each of the members of the Nominating Committee, Alexandra Steele, Lyman Dickerson and J. Eric Smith, qualifies as an Independent
Director as defined under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2).

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions

Related
Party Transactions

Certain relationships and
related party transactions of Holdco are described in the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions,
beginning on page 349 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Additionally, Mr. You, the
Chairman of the Board and a significant shareholder of Holdco, is a party to the PIPE Subscription Agreement, Warrant Exchange Agreement,
and Loan Agreement, and Lyman Dickerson, a director of Holdco, is a party to the PIPE Subscription Agreement. The disclosure in Items
1.01 and 2.01 with respect to the PIPE Subscription Agreement, Warrant Exchange, and Loan Agreement is incorporated by reference herein.

12

Legal
Proceedings

Reference is made to the disclosure
regarding legal proceedings in the sections titled Information About ColiseumLegal Proceedings and Information
About RETLegal Proceedings, on pages 277 and 294, respectively, of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which are incorporated
herein by reference.

Market
Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Shares
of Holdco Class A Common Stock and Holdco Warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols RAIN and RAINW,
respectively, on January 2, 2025. Holdco has not paid any cash dividends on its shares of common stock to date. It is the present intention
of the Board to retain all earnings, if any, for use in Holdcos business operations and, accordingly, the Holdco does not anticipate
declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon Holdcos
revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends is within the
discretion of the Board. Further, the ability of Holdco to declare dividends may be limited by the terms of financing or other agreements
entered into by it or its subsidiaries from time to time.

As of December 31, 2024, following
the completion of the Business Combination, there were 7,471,678 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock outstanding, 57,752 shares of Holdco
Class B Common Stock outstanding, 5,000,000 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of 5,000,000 outstanding
Holdco Warrants, and 2,150,838 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of 2,150,838 outstanding Holdco Options.
Holdco has reserved a total of 747,168 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the 2024 Incentive Plan (as defined
below), subject to certain adjustments set forth therein. As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately 30 record holders of Holdco
Class A Common Stock, 3 record holders of Holdco Class B Common Stock and one record holder of Holdco Warrants. However, because many
of the shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and Holdco Warrants are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders,
Holdco believes there are substantially more beneficial holders of Holdco Class A Common Stock and Holdco Warrants than record holders.

Holdco securities are described
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled Description of Holdcos Securities and Market
Price, Ticker Symbol and Dividends, beginning on pages 315 and 77, respectively, of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and such
information is incorporated herein by reference.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

The
information set forth under Item 3.02 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Description
of Registrants Securities to Be Registered

The
description of Holdcos securities is contained in the section titled Description of Holdcos Securities,
beginning on page 315 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and is incorporated herein by reference.

13

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data

The
information set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information with respect to the Loan Agreement set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

In
connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, on December 31, 2024, Holdco issued 61,474
shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock to the PIPE Investors pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements, for aggregate proceeds
of approximately $700,000. Holdco expects to close on the remaining $650,000 of PIPE Investment and to issue an additional 57,082 shares
pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements following the Closing.

In
connection with the Business Combination, pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, on December 31, 2024, Holdco issued
2,125,540 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and 57,752 shares of Holdco Class B Common Stock to the former holders of RET Class A
common stock and RET Class B common stock.

In
connection with the Business Combination, pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Exchange Agreement, on December 31, 2024, Holdco issued
an aggregate of 806,250 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock to the former holders of Coliseum
Private Placement Warrants.

In
connection with the Business Combination, on December 31, 2024, Holdco issued an aggregate of 5,000 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock
to a vendor as consideration for services rendered.

The shares of Holdco Class
A Common Stock issued to the PIPE Investors pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements, the shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and
Holdco Class B Common Stock issued to the RET shareholders pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the shares of Holdco Class
A Common Stock issued pursuant to the Warrant Exchange, the shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issued to the vendor, and the NRA Shares
issued by Coliseum prior to the Closing (which shares were subsequently exchanged at the Closing pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement for shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock that were registered on Holdcos Form S-4 registration statement) have not been
registered under the Securities Act and have been issued in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering.

Item
3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The
disclosure set forth under Item 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

Reference is made to the disclosure
in the section titled The Business Combination, beginning on page 149 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is
incorporated herein by reference. Further reference is made to the information contained in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 to this
Current Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

14

Executive
Officers and Directors

Effective
upon the SPAC Merger Effective Time, and in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination, each of Harry You, Christopher Riley,
Randy Seidl, Alexandra Steele, Lyman Dickerson and J. Eric Smith are the directors of Holdco. The directors of Holdco are divided among
the following classes:

Christopher
Riley and Alexandra Steele are Class I directors serving until the first annual meeting of
Holdcos shareholders after the Closing;

Lyman
Dickerson and J. Eric Smith are Class II directors serving until the second annual meeting
of Holdcos shareholders after the Closing; and

Harry
You and Randy Seidl are Class III directors serving until the third annual meeting of Holdcos
shareholders after the Closing.

Additionally,
effective upon the SPAC Merger Effective Time, the following Holdco executive officers were appointed: Christopher Riley was appointed
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer, Randy Seidl was appointed Co-Chief Executive Officer and Oanh Truong was appointed Interim Chief
Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary.

Reference is also made to
the disclosure in the section titled Management of Holdco Following the Proposed Transactions, beginning on page
308 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, for biographical information about each of the directors and officers following the Business Combination,
other than as disclosed below, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Randy
Seidl has served as Co-Chief Executive Officer and as a director since January 2, 2025. In
2020, Mr. Seidl founded and continues to serve as Chairman of Sales Community, a sales social network with a mission to add value to
technology sales professionals. In 2016, he founded and continues to serve as Chairman of Top Talent Recruiting, a boutique contingency-based recruiting
business. In 2013, he founded and continues to serve as Chairman of Revenue Acceleration to help tech companies accelerate revenue growth.
From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Seidl served as Sr. Vice President/General Manager of Hewlett Packards Americas and U.S. Enterprise
Group. From 2006 to 2009, he served as Sr. Vice President/General Manager of Sun Microsystems North America business and as Vice
President/General Manager for its Financial Services Area. From 2004 to 2006, he served as Vice President/General Manager of East Region
at StorageTek. From 2003 to 2004, he served as Chief Executive Officer and director at Permabit, from 2000 to 2003 was co-founder and
Executive Vice President of GiantLoop, and from 1996 to 1999 was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Workgroup Solutions. He began
his career at EMC Corporation, holding various positions including Vice President of Open Systems Sales for North America from 1985 to
1996. Mr. Seidl has served on as a director of Ondas Holdings Inc. since 2020. Since 2015, Mr. Seidl has served as director of Data
Dynamics, a privately held company, a leader in enterprise data management, empowering businesses to orchestrate Data Democratization
and Digital Privacy and Trust in an AI-driven world. He previously served as director of Datawatch Corporation (2015-2018, Nasdaq:
DWCH, acquired by Altair). He continues to serve on the advisory boards or consults with ZoomInfo, AuctusIQ, TitanX/Phone Ready Leads,
Sandler, ISG, Avnir, SmartSource, Convertiv, Iternal, Gong, M3ter, Humantic.ai, Liminal, The Alexander Group, Spotlight, salesbricks,
Aviso, Corent, and Hammerspace. Mr. Seidl is a graduate of Boston Colleges Carroll School of Management. Mr. Seidl serves
as a trustee on Boston Colleges Board of Trustees, on the Board of Trustees of St. Sebastians School, and is active with
other charities. We believe Mr. Seidls experience in senior leadership positions at public technology companies makes him
well-qualified to serve as our Co-Chief Executive Officer.

Alexandra
Steele has served on the Board as an independent director since the closing of the Business Combination. Ms. Steele
is an Emmy-nominated broadcast meteorologist with over 20 years of experience. She has her Graduate Certificate in Climate Adaptation
and is currently finishing her Masters degree in Climatology. She recently concluded an engagement as a host at Yale Climate Connections
and since 2015 has served as an on-air freelance meteorologist. From 2015 to 2024, she served as an on-air meteorologist
for CBS 46 WGCL-TV. From 2011 to 2014, she was an on-air meteorologist for CNN, from 2003 to 2010, she was the weekday prime
time on-air anchor for The Weather Channel, and from 1999 to 2003, she was the weekday morning on-air meteorologist
at WJLA. As a broadcast meteorologist, she has extensive breadth and depth of experience in live network coverage from hurricanes, tornadoes,
and blizzards, as well as live weather coverage of major sporting events. In addition, she has traveled and produced weather and climate
stories around the world. Ms. Steele has served as a member of The American Meteorological Society since 1998 and was issued The
American Meteorological Society Seal of Approval in 1999. She received her Bachelor degree in History of Art and Architecture from Brown
University, her Masters degree in Broadcast Journalism from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University, and completed
her Meteorology Studies at Fairfield University and Western Connecticut State University. We believe Ms. Steele is qualified to serve
as a member of the Board because of her more than twenty years of experience and deep expertise in meteorology and climatology.

15

Lyman
Dickerson has served on the Board as an independent director since the closing of the Business Combination. Mr. Dickerson
serves on the board of Ecolutia Services AG, a Swiss privately held industrial water treatment company providing services worldwide. Mr.
Dickerson is a co-founder of Ecolochem, Inc., a provider of outsourced industrial water treatment services for a wide range
of industries including power, refining, chemical, pulp and paper, automotive, electronics, and pharmaceuticals, and served as Ecolochems
President and Chief Executive Officer from 1973 to 2003. In November 2003, Ecolochem was sold to Ionics, Inc., and Mr. Dickerson
subsequently became a Vice President of Ionics, with responsibility for Ionics Ecolochem and industrial water divisions. In February
2004, Ionics was acquired by General Electric. Mr. Dickerson has previously served on the Board of Directors for Ionics and Ecolochem.
He received a B.A. from East Carolina University and a Master in Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Miami. We believe
Mr. Dickerson is qualified to serve as a member of the Board because of his more than thirty years of operating experience in the
water industry, including as CEO of the largest outsourced water services provider to the U.S. power industry.

J.
Eric Smith is expected to serve as a director of Holdco as an independent director since the closing of the Business Combination.
From 2011 to 2020, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Swiss Re Americas, one of the leading providers of reinsurance,
insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, and also served on the Swiss Re Group Executive Committee. From 2010 to 2011,
Mr. Smith served as President of USAA Life Insurance Company and from 2003 to 2010, Mr. Smith worked at Allstate where he rose to the
rank of President of Financial Services. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Old Republic International Corporation, the
Board of Directors of Fairmatic, the Global Advisory Board of Jefferies Financial Group and the Healthcare Advisory Board of Hippocratic
AI, Inc. Mr. Smith previously served on the boards of Swiss Re Americas, Deutsche Bank Americas and QBE Insurance Group Ltd. He earned
his Bachelor in Finance from the University of Illinois and his Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Northwestern Universitys
Kellogg School of Management. We believe Mr. Smith is qualified to serve as a member of the Board because of the extensive breadth and
depth of his business experience gained as an executive of some of the leading insurance companies in the country.

Randy
Seidls Offer Letter

On
the Closing Date, Holdco and Randy Seidl entered into a binding offer letter (the Offer Letter), pursuant
to which Mr. Seidl was offered, and accepted, the position of Chief Executive Officer of Holdco. Pursuant to the Offer Letter, Mr. Seidls
annual base salary is $500,000, paid in accordance with Holdcos normal payroll practice. Further, the Offer Letter provides that
Mr. Seidl will be eligible to earn an annual bonus with a target of 200% of base salary, based upon mutually agreed performance objectives
and the terms and conditions of Holdcos annual bonus program in effect from time to time. The Offer Letter provides that within
30 days of the effective date of the offer letter, Holdco shall issue to Mr. Seidl an unsubordinated unsecured note (the Note)
with a four-year term with a face value of $5,000,000, which shall accrue interest at a rate equal to the applicable federal rate most
recently published by the IRS as of the date of the Note and which shall become due and payable on the earlier to occur of (x) the four-year
anniversary of the date of the Note, subject to Mr. Seidls continued service with Holdco through such date, (y) if Holdco terminates
Mr. Seidls employment without cause following the Business Combination, the date of such termination, and (z) the date on which
a change in control is consummated.

Mr.
Seidl will be eligible to participate in Holdcos comprehensive employee benefit offerings, including a 401(k) plan and various
health and welfare benefits. The Offer Letter also provides that Mr. Seidl will be eligible to participate in any additional executive-level
plans that Holdco may adopt for similarly situated employees.

Mr.
Seidls employment with Holdco will be at-will, meaning either Holdco or Mr. Seidl may terminate Mr. Seidls
employment at any time for any reason. Upon termination, Mr. Seidl will be entitled to any earned but unpaid base salary and reimbursement
of any expense properly incurred through the date of termination, and, if Mr. Seidl is terminated by Holdco without cause, payment of
the Note.

The
foregoing description of the Offer Letter does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the Offer Letter, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.14 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

16

Holdco
Incentive Plan

On
December 19, 2024, prior to the completion of the Business Combination, Holdcos sole director and sole shareholder approved the
Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive (the 2024 Incentive Plan) under which Holdco
may grant equity and equity-based incentive awards to officers, employees, non-employee directors and consultants. Pursuant to its terms, the 2024 Incentive Plan became effective on December 31, 2024, upon the Closing of the Business Combination.

Administration. The
Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee) will administer the 2024 Incentive Plan. The Committee
will generally have the authority to designate participants, determine the type or types of awards to be granted to a participant, determine
the terms and conditions of any agreements evidencing any awards granted under the 2024 Incentive Plan, accelerate the vesting or exercisability
of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, awards and to adopt, alter and repeal rules, guidelines and practices relating to the 2024
Incentive Plan. The Committee will have full discretion to administer and interpret the 2024 Incentive Plan and to make any other determinations
and/or take any other action that it deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the 2024 Incentive Plan, and any such determinations
or actions taken by the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons and entities. The Committee may delegate to
one or more officers of Holdco or any affiliate the authority to act on behalf of the Committee with respect to any matter, right, obligation
or election that is the responsibility of or that is allocated to the Committee in the 2024 Incentive Plan and that may be so delegated
as a matter of law, except for grants of awards to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

Eligibility. Certain
employees, directors, officers, advisors or consultants of Holdco or its affiliates are eligible to participate in the 2024 Incentive
Plan.

Number
of Shares Authorized. Holdco has initially reserved 747,168 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock for the
issuance of awards under the 2024 Incentive Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2024 Incentive Plan will
increase automatically on January 1 of each of 2025 through 2034 by the number of shares equal to 5.0% of the total number of
outstanding shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) of Holdco Class A Common Stock as of December 31 of the
immediately preceding year. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the 2024 Incentive Plan, no more than the number of shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock initially reserved
under the 2024 Incentive Plan may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options (ISOs)
under the 2024 Incentive Plan.

Shares
of Holdco Class A Common Stock underlying awards under the 2024 Incentive Plan that are forfeited, canceled, expire unexercised
or are settled in cash will be available again for new awards under the 2024 Incentive Plan. If there is any change in Holdcos corporate
capitalization, the Committee in its sole discretion may make substitutions or adjustments to the number of shares of Holdco Class A
Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 2024 Incentive Plan, the number of shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock covered by
awards then outstanding under the 2024 Incentive Plan, the limitations on awards under the 2024 Incentive Plan, the exercise price of
outstanding options and such other equitable substitutions or adjustments as it may determine appropriate.

The
2024 Incentive Plan has a term of 10 years from the Closing, and no further awards may be granted under the 2024 Incentive Plan after that
date.

Awards
Available for Grant. The Committee may grant awards of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options (ISOs),
stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs),
other stock-based awards, other cash-based awards, dividend equivalents, and/or performance compensation awards or any combination
of the foregoing.

Stock
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. Stock options provide for the purchase of shares of Holdco Class A
Common Stock in the future at an exercise price set on the grant date. ISOs, in contrast to nonqualified stock options, may provide tax
deferral beyond exercise and favorable capital gains tax treatment to their holders if certain holding period and other requirements
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, are satisfied. SARs entitle their holder, upon exercise, to receive from us an amount
in cash or shares equal to the appreciation of the shares subject to the award between the grant date and the exercise date. The exercise
price of a stock option or SAR may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying share on the grant date (or 110%
in the case of ISOs granted to certain significant stockholders), except with respect to certain substitute awards granted in connection
with a corporate transaction. The term of a stock option or SAR may not be longer than 10 years from grant (or five years in
the case of ISOs granted to certain significant stockholders).

17

Restricted
Stock. Restricted stock is an award of nontransferable shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock that are
subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions.

RSUs. RSUs
are contractual promises to deliver shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock in the future, which may also remain forfeitable unless
and until specified conditions are met and may be accompanied by the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid on shares
of common stock prior to the delivery of the underlying shares (i.e., dividend equivalent rights). The Committee may provide that the
delivery of the shares underlying RSUs will be deferred if such delivery would result in a violation of applicable law. The terms and
conditions applicable to RSUs will be determined by the Committee, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the 2024 Incentive
Plan.

Other
Stock or Cash-Based Awards. Other stock or cash based awards are awards of cash, fully vested shares
of Holdco Class A Common Stock and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or otherwise based on, shares of Holdco
Class A Common Stock. Other stock or cash based awards may be granted to participants and may also be available as a payment form
in the settlement of other awards or as standalone payments.

Dividend
Equivalents. Dividend equivalents represent the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid on
shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and may be granted alone or in tandem with awards other than stock options or SARs. Dividend
equivalents are credited as of the dividend record dates during the period between the date an award is granted and the date such award
vests, is exercised, is distributed or expires, as determined by the Committee; however, dividend equivalents will not be payable unless
and until the underlying award becomes payable and will be subject to forfeiture to the same extent as the underlying award.

Performance
Awards. Performance awards granted pursuant to the 2024 Incentive Plan may be in the form of a cash bonus,
or an award of performance shares or performance units denominated in shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock, that may be settled
in cash, property or by issuance of those shares subject to the satisfaction or achievement of specified performance conditions.

Transferability. Each
award may be exercised during the participants lifetime only by the participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by the
participants guardian or legal representative and may not be otherwise assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise
transferred or encumbered by a participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment,
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance will be void and unenforceable against Holdco or its affiliates. The Committee,
however, may permit awards (other than ISOs) to be transferred to family members, a trust for the benefit of such family members, a partnership
or limited liability company whose partners or stockholders are the participant and his or her family members or anyone else approved
by it.

Amendment
and Termination; Repricing. In general, the Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the
2024 Incentive Plan at any time. However, stockholder approval to amend the 2024 Incentive Plan may be necessary if applicable law or
the 2024 Incentive Plan so requires. No amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination will materially and adversely
impair the rights of any participant or recipient of any award without the consent of the participant or recipient. Stockholder approval
will not be required for any amendment that reduces the exercise price of any stock option or SAR, or cancels any stock option or SAR
that has an exercise price that is greater than the then-current fair market value of Holdco Class A Common Stock in exchange
for cash, other awards or stock options or SARs with an exercise price per share that is less than the exercise price per share of the
original stock options or SARs.

18

Adjustments;
Corporate Transactions. In the event of certain capitalization events or corporate transactions (as set forth
in the 2024 Incentive Plan), including the consummation of a merger or consolidation of Holdco with another corporation, the Committee
may adjust the number of shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock or other securities of Holdco (or number and kind of other securities
or other property) subject to an award, the exercise or strike price of an award, or any applicable performance measure, and may provide
for the substitution or assumption of outstanding awards in a manner that substantially preserves the terms of such awards, the acceleration
of the exercisability or lapse of restrictions applicable to outstanding awards and the cancellation of outstanding awards in exchange
for the consideration received by stockholders of Holdco in connection with such transaction.

The information set forth
in the section entitled Executive and Director Compensation beginning on page 312 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the 2024 Incentive Plan and the information incorporated by reference
in the preceding sentence does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the 2024 Incentive Plan and applicable form of restricted stock unit award agreement and restricted stock agreement
which are incorporated by reference to this Current Report as Exhibits 10.7, 10.7.1 and 10.7.2.

Indemnification
Agreements

Effective
as of the Closing Date, Holdco entered into the Indemnification Agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. The description
of the Indemnification Agreements set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On
December 19, 2024, in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, Holdco amended and restated its articles of organization
(as amended and restated, the A&R Charter) and its bylaws (as amended, the A&R Bylaws).

The material terms of each
of the A&R Charter and the A&R Bylaws and the general effect upon the rights of holders of Holdcos capital stock are discussed
in the sections titled Comparison of Corporate Governance and Shareholder Rights and Description of Holdcos
Securities beginning on pages 328 and 315 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, respectively, which are incorporated herein by
reference.

Copies
of the A&R Charter and the A&R Bylaws are included as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report, respectively, and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.05 Amendments to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

Effective upon the SPAC Merger
Effective Time, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Board adopted a new Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics, which is applicable to all employees, officers and directors of Holdco, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 14.1.

Item 5.06. Change in Shell Company Status.

As a result of the Business
Combination, Coliseum ceased being a shell company upon the completion of the SPAC Merger, when it merged with and into Merger Sub 1 and
ceased to exist. Reference is made to the section titled The Business Combination beginning on page 149 of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference. Further, the information set forth in the Introductory Note and under
Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

19

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial statements of
businesses acquired.

The
audited consolidated financial statements of Coliseum as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm are set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
beginning on page F-3 and are incorporated herein by reference.

The
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Coliseum as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 are set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-31 and are incorporated herein by reference.

The
audited consolidated financial statements of RET as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and
period from November 10, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting
firm are set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-57 and are incorporated herein by reference.

The
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of RET as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 are set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-51 and are incorporated herein by reference.

The
audited consolidated financial statements of Holdco as of September 30, 2024 and for the period from May 21, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024, the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm are set forth in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-89 and are incorporated herein by reference.

20

(b) Pro forma financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information of Holdco as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the unaudited
pro forma combined statement of operations of Holdco for the year ended December 31, 2023, are set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and are
incorporated herein by reference.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated June 25, 2024, by and among Coliseum Acquisition Corp., Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., and Rainwater Merger Sub 2, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

2.2 Assignment of Business Combination Agreement, dated August 22, 2024, by and among Rainwater Merger Sub 2, Inc. and Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

2.3 Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated August 22, 2024, by and among Coliseum Acquisition Corp., Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., and Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

3.1* Amended and Restated Articles
of Organization of Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.

3.2* Amended and Restated Bylaws
of Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.

4.1 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate of Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

4.3 Warrant Agreement, dated June 22, 2021, by and between Coliseum Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

4.4* Warrant
Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated December 31, 2024, by and among Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.,
Coliseum Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

10.1*+ Form
of Indemnification Agreement between Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. and each of its officers and directors.

10.2* Lock-Up
Agreement, dated December 31, 2024, by and among Holdco and certain shareholders of Holdco.

10.3 Letter Agreement, dated June 22, 2021, by and among Coliseum Acquisition Corp., its officers and directors and the Previous Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

10.4 Joinder, dated November 22, 2023, between Coliseum Acquisition Corp. and Harry L. You (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

10.5* Form
of Joinder by and among the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders and Coliseum Acquisition Corp.

21

10.6* Registration
Rights Agreement, dated December 31, 2024, by and among Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. and each of the stockholders of
Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. identified on the signature pages thereto.

10.7*+ Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc. 2024 Incentive Plan.

10.7.1*+ Form of Restricted Stock
Unit Award Agreement

10.7.2*+ Form of Restricted Stock
Award Agreement

10.8* Warrant Exchange Agreement,
dated December 17, 2024, by and among Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, Berto, LLC, Coliseum Acquisition Corp. and Rain Enhancement
Technologies Holdco, Inc.

10.9 Form of Subscription Agreement by and among Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. and the PIPE Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2024).

10.10 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement between the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders and Coliseum Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

10.11* Loan Agreement, dated December
30, 2024, by and between Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. and RHY Management LLC.

10.12* Forward Purchase Agreement,
dated as of December 30, 2024, by and among Coliseum Acquisition Corp., Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc., and Meteora Capital Partners and certain of its affiliates.

10.13+ Employment Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2024, by and between Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc. and Christopher Riley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283425)).

10.14*+ Offer Letter, dated December 31, 2024, between Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. and Randy Seidl.

10.15* Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2022, by and between Theodore R. Anderson and Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc.

10.16* Memorandum of Understanding, dated March 15, 2023, by and between Discovery Land Consolidated, LLC and Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc.

14.1* Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc. Code of Ethics.

21.1* Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

99.1* 

Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of Holdco as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations of Holdco for the year ended December 31, 2023.

104* Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Filed herewith.

The annexes and schedules
to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally
a copy of any omitted annex or schedule to the SEC upon request.

+ Management contract or
compensatory plan or arrangement.

22

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 7, 2025 RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO,
INC.

By: /s/ Oanh Truong

Name: Oanh Truong

Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex3-1_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION OF RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Restated Articles of Organization

(General Laws Chapter 156D, Section 10.07; 950
CMR 113.35)

(1) Exact name of corporation: Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco,
Inc.

(2) Registered office address: 44 School Street, Suite 505, Boston,
MA 02108

(number, street, city
or town, state, zip code)

(3) Date adopted: December 19, 2024 

(month, day, year)

(4) Approved by:

(check appropriate box)

the directors without shareholder approval
and shareholder approval was not required;

OR

the board of directors
and the shareholders in the manner required by G.L. Chapter 156D and the corporations articles of organization.

(5) The following information is required
to be included in the articles of organization pursuant to G.L. Chapter 156D, Section 2.02 except that the supplemental information provided
for in Article VIII is not required:

Article I - Corporate Name

The exact name of the Corporation
is Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. (the Corporation).

Article II - Purpose

The purpose for which the
Corporation is formed is for the transaction of any and all lawful business for which a business Corporation may engage in under the Massachusetts
Business Corporation Act (M.G.L. Ch. 156D, Sec. 101 et seq., as amended and in effect from time to time, the MBCA).

Article III - Authorized Shares

The following is the total
number of shares and par value of each class of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue. The number of authorized shares of
any class or classes of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding or reserved for
issuance in each class) by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class.

WITHOUT PAR VALUE WITH PAR VALUE

TYPE NUMBER OF SHARES TYPE NUMBER OF SHARES PAR VALUE

Class A Common 30,000,000 0.0001

Class B Common 1,000,000 0.0001

Preferred 1,000,000 0.0001

Article IV - Preferences, Limitations and Rights
of Any Class or Series

A. Common Stock

1. 
Voting in General. Unless and until the Corporation has issued shares of Preferred Stock having the right to vote in the election
of Directors of the Corporation and other matters requiring action by the Corporations shareholders, or as otherwise provided in
these Amended and Restated Articles of Organization (as amended and/or restated from time to time, these Articles)
or required by applicable law, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (the Class A Common Stock and the
Class B Common Stock referred to herein as the Common Stock) shall at all times vote together as one class on all
matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote or for the consent of the shareholders of the Corporation. There shall
be no cumulative voting.

2. 
Class A Common Stock Voting. Except as otherwise provided in these Articles or required by applicable law, each holder of shares
of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder as of the
applicable date on any matter that is submitted to a vote or for the consent of the shareholders of the Corporation.

3. 
Class B Common Stock Voting. Except as otherwise provided in these Articles or required by applicable law, each holder of shares
of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to fifteen (15) votes for each share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder as
of the applicable date on any matter that is submitted to a vote or for the consent of the shareholders of the Corporation.

4. 
Equal Status. Except as otherwise provided in these Articles or required by applicable law, and subject to the preferences applicable
to any series of Preferred Stock, if any, outstanding at any time, the holders of Class A Common Stock and the holders of Class B Common
Stock shall have the same rights, privileges and powers, rank equally, shall be entitled to share equally, on a per share basis, in such
dividends and other distributions of cash, property or shares of stock of the Corporation as may be declared by the Board of Directors
from time to time with respect to the Common Stock out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor, and shall be
identical in all respects as to all matters; provided, however, that in the event that any dividend or distribution is paid in the form
of shares of Common Stock or rights to acquire Common Stock, the holders of Class A Common Stock shall receive Class A Common Stock or
rights to acquire Class A Common Stock, as the case may be, and the holders of Class B Common Stock shall receive Class B Common Stock
or rights to acquire Class B Common Stock, as the case may be.

-2- 

5. Liquidation,
Dissolution or Winding Up. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the
holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to share equally, on a per share basis, in the
net assets of the Corporation, after the Corporation shall have satisfied or made provision for the satisfaction of its debts and
obligations and for the payment to holders of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation having preferential
rights to receive distributions of the Corporations net assets.

6. 
Subdivisions Combinations or Reclassifications. Shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock may not be subdivided, combined
or reclassified unless the shares of the other class are concurrently therewith proportionately subdivided, combined or reclassified in
a manner that maintains the same proportionate equity ownership between the holders of the outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class
B Common Stock on the record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification; provided, however, that shares of one such class
may be subdivided, combined or reclassified in a different or disproportionate manner if such subdivision, combination or reclassification
is approved in advance by the affirmative vote (or written consent if action by written consent of shareholders is permitted at such time
under these Articles) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting
separately as a class.

7. 
Merger or Consolidation. In the case of any distribution or payment in respect of the shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B
Common Stock upon the consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other entity, or in the case of any other transaction
having an effect on shareholders substantially similar to that resulting from a consolidation or merger, such distribution or payment
that the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive,
shall be made ratably on a per share basis among the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as a single class; provided,
however, that shares of one such class may receive, or have the right to elect to receive, different or disproportionate distributions
or payments in connection with such merger, consolidation or other transaction if (i) the only difference in the per share distribution
to the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is that any securities distributed to the holder of a share Class
B Common Stock have fifteen times the voting power of any securities distributed to the holder of a share of Class A Common Stock, or
(ii) such merger, consolidation or other transaction is approved by the affirmative vote (or written consent if action by written consent
of shareholders is permitted at such time under these Articles) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common
Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class.

8. Third-Party
Tender or Exchange Offers. The Corporation may not enter into any agreement pursuant to which a third party may by tender or
exchange offer acquire any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock unless the holders of (a) the Class A Common Stock
shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, the same form of consideration and the same amount of
consideration on a per share basis as the holders of the Class B Common Stock would receive, or have the right to elect to receive,
and (b) the Class B Common Stock shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, the same form of consideration
and the same amount of consideration on a per share basis as the holders of the Class A Common Stock would receive, or have the
right to elect to receive; provided, however, that shares of such classes may receive, or have the right to elect to receive,
different or disproportionate consideration in connection with such tender or exchange offer in order to reflect the special rights,
powers and privileges of the holders of shares of the Class B Common Stock under these Articles (which may include, without
limitation, securities exchangeable for each share of Class B Common Stock having up to fifteen (15) times the voting power of any
securities exchangeable for each share of Class A Common Stock) or such other rights, powers, privileges or other terms that are no
more favorable, in the aggregate, to the holders of the Class B Common Stock relative to the holders of the Class A Common Stock
than those contained in these Articles.

-3- 

9. 
Conversion of Class B Common Stock.

(A) 
Voluntary Conversion. Each share of Class B Common Stock shall be convertible into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of
Class A Common Stock at the option of the holder thereof at any time upon written notice to the Corporation (a Voluntary Conversion).
Before any holder of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to voluntarily convert any shares of such Class B Common Stock, such holder
shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor (if any), duly endorsed, at the principal corporate office of the Corporation
or of any transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock, and shall give written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office,
of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names (i) in which the certificate or certificates representing
the shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of Class B Common Stock are so converted are to be issued if such shares are
certificated or (ii) in which such shares are to be registered in book entry if such shares are uncertificated. The Corporation shall,
as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder of Class B Common Stock, or to the nominee or nominees
of such holder, a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to which such holder shall be
entitled as aforesaid (if such shares are certificated) or, if such shares are uncertificated, register such shares in book-entry form.
Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares
of Class B Common Stock to be converted following or contemporaneously with the written notice of such holders election to convert
required by this Section 9(A) of Article IV, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Class A Common Stock as of such
date. Each share of Class B Common Stock that is converted pursuant to this Section 9(A) of Article IV shall be retired by the Corporation
and shall not be available for reissuance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, shares of Class B Common Stock represented
by a lost, stolen or destroyed stock certificate may be converted pursuant to this Section 9(A) of Article IV if the holder thereof notifies
the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed and delivers an affidavit of that fact
acceptable to the Corporation and agrees to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such lost, stolen
or destroyed certificate.

(B) Automatic
Conversion. Each share of Class B Common Stock shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder
thereof, be converted into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the close of
business on the earlier of (i) five (5) years from the closing of the Initial Public Offering Closing (as defined below), (ii) the
first date on which the Founders or their Permitted Transferees collectively beneficially own 20% or less of the number of shares of
Class B Common Stock (as such number of shares is equitably adjusted in respect of any reclassification, stock dividend,
subdivision, combination or recapitalization of the Class B Common Stock) collectively held by the Founders or their Permitted
Transferees as of the Initial Public Offering Closing, (iii) upon the occurrence of a Transfer (as defined below), other than a
Permitted Transfer (as defined below), of such share of Class B Common Stock, or (iv) the date specified by the affirmative vote of
the holders of Class B Common Stock representing not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the outstanding shares of
Class B Common Stock, voting separately as a single class (each of the events referred to in (i) through (iv) are referred to herein
as an Automatic Conversion). The Corporation shall provide notice of the Automatic Conversion of shares of
Class B Common Stock pursuant to this Section 9(B)
of Article IV to record holders of such shares of Class B Common Stock as soon as practicable following the Automatic
Conversion. Such notice shall be provided by any means then permitted by the MBCA; provided, however,
that no failure to give such notice nor any defect therein shall affect the validity of the Automatic Conversion. Upon and after the
Automatic Conversion, the person registered on the Corporations books as the record holder of the shares of Class B
Common Stock so converted immediately prior to the Automatic Conversion shall be registered on the Corporations books as the
record holder of the shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon Automatic Conversion of such shares of Class B Common
Stock, without further action on the part of the record holder thereof. Immediately upon the effectiveness of the Automatic
Conversion, the rights of the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock as such shall cease, and the holders shall be treated
for all purposes as having become the record holder or holders of such shares of Class A Common Stock into which such shares of
Class B Common Stock were converted.

-4- 

(C) 
Certificates. Each outstanding stock certificate (if shares are in certificated form) that, immediately prior to the occurrence
of an Automatic Conversion, represented one or more shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such Automatic Conversion shall, upon such
Automatic Conversion, be deemed to represent an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock, without the need for surrender or exchange
thereof. The Corporation shall, upon the request of any holder whose shares of Class B Common Stock have been converted into shares of
Class A Common Stock as a result of a Voluntary Conversion or an Automatic Conversion (either of the foregoing, a Conversion
Event) and upon surrender by such holder to the Corporation of the outstanding certificate(s) formerly representing such holders
shares of Class B Common Stock, if any (or, in the case of any lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, upon such holder providing an affidavit
of that fact acceptable to the Corporation and executing an agreement acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from
any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificate), issue and deliver to such holder certificate(s) representing the shares
of Class A Common Stock into which such holders shares of Class B Common Stock were converted as a result of such Conversion Event
(if such shares are certificated) or, if such shares are uncertificated, register such shares in book-entry form. Each share of Class
B Common Stock that is converted pursuant to a Conversion Event shall thereupon automatically be retired and shall not be available for
reissuance.

(D) Effect of
Conversion on Payment of Dividends. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9 of Article IV, if the date on
which any share of Class B Common Stock is converted into Class A Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of this Section 9 of
Article IV occurs after the record date for the determination of the holders of Class B Common Stock entitled to receive any
dividend or distribution to be paid on the shares of Class B Common Stock, the holder of such shares of Class B Common Stock as of
such record date will be entitled to receive such dividend or distribution on such payment date; provided, that, notwithstanding any
other provision of these Articles, to the extent that any such dividend or distribution is payable in shares of Class B Common
Stock, such dividend or distribution shall be deemed to have been declared, and shall be payable in, shares of Class A Common Stock
and no shares of Class B Common Stock shall be issued in payment thereof.

-5- 

(E) 
Policies and Procedures. The Corporation may, from time to time, establish such policies and procedures, not in violation of applicable
law or the other provisions of these Articles, relating to the conversion of the Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock, as it
may deem necessary or advisable in connection therewith. If the Board of Directors has determined that a Transfer or other Conversion
Event giving rise to a conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock has occurred but has not theretofore been
reflected on the books of the Corporation or as maintained by the transfer agent of the Corporation, the Corporation may request that
the holder of such shares furnish affidavits or other evidence to the Corporation as the Corporation deems necessary to determine whether
a conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock has occurred, and if such holder does not within ten (10) days
after the date of such request furnish sufficient evidence to the Corporation (in the manner provided in the request) to enable the Corporation
to determine that no such conversion has occurred, any such shares of Class B Common Stock, to the extent not previously converted and
to the extent that the Board of Directors has determined that a Transfer or Conversion Event has occurred, shall be automatically converted
into shares of Class A Common Stock and the same shall thereupon be registered on the books and records of the Corporation or as maintained
by the transfer agent of the Corporation. In connection with any action of shareholders taken at a meeting or by written consent (if action
by written consent of shareholders is permitted at such time under these Articles), the stock ledger of the Corporation or the records
maintained by the transfer agent of the Corporation shall be presumptive evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to vote in person
or by proxy at any meeting of shareholders or in connection with any such written consent and the class or classes or series of shares
held by each such shareholder and the number of shares of each class or classes or series held by such shareholder.

(F) 
Definitions. For the purpose of this Section 9 of Article IV the following definitions shall apply:

(i)Family Member shall mean, with respect to any natural person who is a Qualified Shareholder, (a) the
spouse of such Qualified Shareholder or (b) the parents, grandparents, lineal descendants, siblings, or lineal descendants of siblings
of the Qualified Shareholder or of the Qualified Shareholders spouse, whether by birth or adoption.

(ii)Founders shall mean Harry L. You, Paul Dacier, Niccolo de Masi and each of their respective Permitted
Entities.

(iii)Initial Public Offering shall mean an initial public offering of the Corporations equity securities,
whether by the registration of the shares of the Corporation on a public stock exchange, or the merger, share reconstruction or amalgamation,
asset or share acquisition, exchangeable share transaction, reorganization, contractual control arrangement or similar type of transaction
with a special purpose acquisition company formed for such purpose.

(iv)Permitted
Entity shall mean with respect to a Qualified Shareholder: (a) a Permitted Trust solely for the benefit of
(1) such Qualified Shareholder, (2) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Shareholder, or (3) any other Permitted
Entity of such Qualified Shareholder; or (b) any general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company,
corporation or other entity exclusively owned by (1) such Qualified Shareholder, (2) one or more Family Members of such
Qualified Shareholder, or (3) any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified Shareholder; or (c) any foundation or similar entity or
any Qualified Charity for so long as such Qualified Shareholder continues to, directly or indirectly, exercise voting control over
any shares of Class B Common Stock held by such entity.

-6- 

(v)Permitted Transfer shall mean, and be restricted to, any Transfer of a share of Class B Common
Stock (a) by a Qualified Shareholder to (1) any Permitted Entity of such Qualified Shareholder, (2) to such Qualified Shareholders
revocable living trust, which revocable living trust is itself both a Permitted Trust and a Qualified Shareholder, or (3) to a Family
Member of such Qualified Shareholder; (b) by a Permitted Entity of a Qualified Shareholder to any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified
Shareholder or to a Family Member of such Qualified Shareholder; or (c) any Transfer approved in advance by the Board of Directors, or
a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors, upon a determination that such Transfer is not inconsistent with the purposes of
the foregoing provisions of this definition of Permitted Transfer.

(vi)Permitted Transferee shall mean a transferee of shares of Class B Common Stock received in a Permitted
Transfer.

(vii)Permitted Trust shall mean a bona fide trust where each trustee is a Qualified Shareholder.

(viii)Qualified Charity shall mean a domestic U.S. charitable organization, contributions to which are deductible
for federal income, estate, gift and generation skipping transfer tax purposes.

(ix)Qualified Shareholder shall mean: (a) the Founders; (b) the record holder of a share of Class B
Common Stock as of the date of an Initial Public Offering; (c) the initial registered holder of any shares of Class B Common
Stock that are originally issued by the Corporation after the date of an Initial Public Offering pursuant to the exercise or conversion
of any Option or Convertible Security that, in each case, was outstanding as of the date of an Initial Public Offering; and (d) a
Permitted Transferee.

(x)Transfer of a share of Class B Common Stock shall mean any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance,
hypothecation or other transfer or disposition of such share or any legal or beneficial interest in such share, whether or not for value
and whether voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law, including, without limitation, a transfer of a share of Class B Common
Stock to a broker or other nominee (regardless of whether there is a corresponding change in beneficial ownership), the distribution of
a share of Class B Common Stock to the partners, shareholders, members or other equity owners of the holder, or the transfer of, or entering
into a binding agreement with respect to, Voting Control over such share by proxy or otherwise; provided, however,
that the following shall not be considered a Transfer within the meaning of this Section 9 of Article IV:

(a)the granting of a revocable proxy to officers or directors of the Corporation at the request of the Board of Directors in connection
with actions to be taken at an annual or special meeting of shareholders;

-7- 

(b) entering into a voting trust, agreement or arrangement (with or without granting a proxy) solely with shareholders who are holders
of Class B Common Stock that (1) is disclosed either in a Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or
in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, (2) either has a term not exceeding one (1) year or is terminable by the holder
of the shares subject thereto at any time and (3) does not involve any payment of cash, securities, property or other consideration
to the holder of the shares subject thereto other than the mutual promise to vote shares in a designated manner;

(c)entering into a voting trust, agreement or arrangement (with or without granting a proxy) pursuant to a written agreement to which
the Corporation is a party;

(d)in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other entity or in the case of any other transaction
having an effect on shareholders substantially similar to that resulting from a merger or consolidation in each case that has been approved
by the Board of Directors, the entering into a support, voting, tender or similar agreement or arrangement (in each case, with or without
the grant of a proxy) that has also been approved by the Board of Directors;

(e)the pledge of shares of Class B Common Stock by a shareholder that creates a mere security interest in such shares pursuant to
a bona fide loan or indebtedness transaction for so long as such shareholder continues to exercise Voting Control over such pledged shares;
provided, however, that a foreclosure on such shares or a similar action by the pledgee shall constitute a
Transfer unless such foreclosure or similar action qualifies as a Permitted Transfer at such time;

(f)transferring to an Individual Retirement Account, as defined in Section 408(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a pension, profit
sharing, stock bonus or other type of plan or trust of which such Qualified Shareholder is a participant or beneficiary and which satisfies
the requirements for qualification under Section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code; provided that in each case such Qualified Shareholder
has sole dispositive power and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held in such account, plan
or trust, and provided, further, that in the event the Qualified Shareholder no longer has sole dispositive power and exclusive Voting
Control with respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such account, plan or trust, each such share of Class B Common Stock
convert into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock;

(g)transferring
to a corporation, partnership, or limited liability company in which such Qualified Shareholder directly or indirectly through one
or more Permitted Entities owns shares, partnership interests, or membership interests, as applicable, with sufficient Voting
Control such that the Qualified Shareholder retains sole dispositive power and exclusive Voting Control with respect to the shares
of Class B Common Stock held by such corporation, partnership, or limited liability company; provided that in the event the
Qualified Shareholder no longer owns sufficient shares, partnership interests, or membership interests or no longer has sufficient
legally enforceable rights to ensure the Qualified Shareholder to retain sole dispositive power and exclusive Voting Control with
respect to the shares of Class B Common Stock held by such corporation, partnership, or limited liability company, each such share
of Class B Common Stock then held by such corporation, partnership, or limited liability company shall automatically convert into
one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock;

-8- 

(h)entering into a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with a broker or other
nominee; provided, however, that a sale of such shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to such plan shall constitute a Transfer
at the time of such sale.

(xi)Voting Control shall mean, with respect to a share of Class B Common Stock the power (whether exclusive
or shared) to vote or direct the voting of such share by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise.

10. Reservation
of Stock. The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Class B Common Stock, such number of shares of Class A Common
Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock into shares
of Class A Common Stock.

11. Protective Provision.
The Corporation shall not, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, (i) amend, alter, repeal or waive Sections A3 through A10 of
this Article IV (or adopt any provision inconsistent therewith) or (ii) authorize or issue any shares of any class or series of capital
stock of the Corporation entitling the holder thereof to more than one (1) vote for each share thereof, without first obtaining the affirmative
vote (or written consent if action by written consent of shareholders is permitted at such time under these Articles) of the holders of
a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class, in addition to any other vote required
by applicable law, these Articles or the Bylaws.

B. Preferred Stock

1. 
The Corporations Board of Directors shall be authorized, without further shareholder approval and subject to any limitations prescribed
by applicable law, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in such class or series as may be determined by the Board
of Directors by filing Articles of Amendment or Amended and Restated Articles pursuant to the law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such class or series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each such class or series, including without limitation thereof, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption
privileges and liquidation preferences, all to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions.

2. 
The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding)
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock, without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of
any class or series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any Preferred Stock provided in any
such Articles of Amendment or Amended and Restated Articles. In case the number of shares of any class or series shall be so decreased,
the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing
the number of shares of such class or series.

-9- 

C. Staggered Board of Directors

1. 
The Board of Directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any class or series of Preferred Stock under specified circumstances,
shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III.

2. 
Each Director shall serve for a term ending on the third annual meeting of shareholders following the annual meeting of shareholders at
which such Director was elected; provided, however, that the directors first elected, assigned or appointed to Class I shall serve for
a term ending on the Corporations first annual meeting of shareholders following the effectiveness of this provision in these Articles;
the Directors first elected, assigned or appointed to Class II shall serve for a term ending on the Corporations second annual
meeting of shareholders following the effectiveness of this provision in these Articles; and the directors first elected, assigned or
appointed to Class III shall serve for a term ending on the Corporations third annual meeting of shareholders following the effectiveness
of this provision in these Articles.

3. 
The Board of Directors is authorized to assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to such classes as it may determine
at the time the classification of the Board of Directors becomes effective. The foregoing notwithstanding, each Director shall serve until
such Directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such Directors prior death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification or other removal.

4. 
Prior to the occurrence of the Voting Threshold Date, any newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number
of directors and any vacancies occurring in the Board of Directors, shall be filled by the affirmative votes of the holders of a majority
of the Common Stock for nominees designated by the holders of a majority of the Class B Common Stock. On and after the Voting Threshold
Date, any newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors and any vacancies occurring in
the Board of Directors, shall be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although less than a
quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by shareholders. A director so elected shall be elected to hold office until the earlier
of the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he or she has replaced, a successor is duly elected and qualified or the
earlier of such directors death, resignation or removal.

D. Approval by Shareholders of Certain Actions

1. Amendment
or Restatement of Articles. Unless a greater percentage vote, or action by one or more separate voting groups, is required by
these Amended and Restated Articles of Organization (Articles), by the Bylaws of the Corporation, by the
provisions of the MBCA, or by the Board of Directors of the Corporation acting pursuant to Section 10.03 of the MBCA, the approval
and adoption of any amendment to these Articles or any Restated Articles of the Corporation shall require the affirmative vote of at
least a majority of all shares entitled generally to vote on such matter by these Articles prior to the Voting Threshold Date, and
the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all shares entitled generally to vote on such matter by these Articles on and after the Voting
Threshold Date, ; provided, however, that as long as any shares of Class A Common Stock are outstanding,
the Corporation shall not, without the prior affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A
Common Stock, voting as a separate class, in addition to any other vote required by applicable law or these Articles, directly or
indirectly, whether by amendment, or through merger, recapitalization, consolidation or otherwise amend, alter, change, repeal or
adopt any provision of these Articles (1) in a manner that is inconsistent with, or that otherwise alters or changes the powers,
preferences, or special rights of the shares of Class A Common Stock so as to affect them adversely; or (2) to provide for each
share of Class B Common Stock to have more than fifteen (15) votes per share or any rights to a separate class vote of the holders
of shares of Class B Common Stock other than as provided by these Articles or the MBCA.

-10- 

2. 
Merger or Share Exchange. Unless a greater percentage vote, or action by one or more separate voting groups, is required by these
Articles, by the Bylaws of the Corporation, by the provisions of the MBCA, or by the Board of Directors of the Corporation acting pursuant
to subsection (3) of Section 11.04 of the MBCA, the approval and adoption of plan of merger or share exchange shall require the affirmative
vote of at least a majority of all shares entitled generally to vote on such matter by these Articles, .

3. 
Sale or Lease of All or Substantially All Property. Unless a greater percentage vote, or action by one or more separate voting
groups, is required by these Articles, by the Bylaws of the Corporation, by the provisions of the MBCA, or by the Board of Directors of
the Corporation acting pursuant to subsection (b) of Section 12.02 of the MBCA, the approval of a sale, lease, exchange or disposition
of all or substantially all property of the Corporation in accordance with Section 12.02 of the MBCA shall require the affirmative vote
of at least a majority of all shares entitled generally to vote on such matter by these Articles,.

4. 
Voluntary Dissolution of the Corporation. Unless a greater percentage vote, or action by one or more separate voting groups, is
required by these Articles, by the Bylaws of the Corporation, by the provisions of the MBCA, or by the Board of Directors of the Corporation
acting pursuant to subsection (c) of Section 14.02 of the MBCA, the approval of a proposal to dissolve the Corporation in accordance with
Section 14.02 of the MBCA shall require the affirmative vote of at least a majority of all shares entitled generally to vote on such matter
by these Articles, .

5. 
Domestication into Foreign Jurisdiction. Unless a greater percentage vote, or action by one or more separate voting groups, is
required by these Articles, by the Bylaws of the Corporation, by the provisions of the MBCA, or by the Board of Directors of the Corporation
acting pursuant to subsection (3) of Section 9.21 of the MBCA, the approval of a plan of domestication of the Corporation to a foreign
jurisdiction in accordance with Section 9.21 of the MBCA shall require the affirmative vote of at least a majority of all shares entitled
generally to vote on such matter by these Articles, .

6. 
Entity Conversion. Unless a greater percentage vote, or action by one or more separate voting groups, is required by these Articles,
by the Bylaws of the Corporation, by the provisions of the MBCA, or by the Board of Directors of the Corporation acting pursuant to subsection
(3) of Section 9.52 of the MBCA, the approval of a plan of entity conversion to a domestic or foreign other entity in accordance with
Section 9.52 of the MBCA shall require the affirmative vote of at least a majority of all shares entitled generally to vote on such matter
by these Articles, and in addition, a majority of the shares of any voting group entitled to vote separately on the matter pursuant to
the MBCA, by these Articles or by the Bylaws of the Corporation, or by action of the Board of Directors of the Corporation taken pursuant
to Subsection (3) of Section 9.52 of the MBCA.

-11- 

7. Choice of
Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Business Litigation Session of
the Superior Court for Suffolk County, Massachusetts and United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts sitting in
Boston, Massachusetts shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the
Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of
the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations shareholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any
provision of the MBCA, the Articles, or the Bylaws of the Corporation, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal
affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said courts having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as
defendants therein, except that the United States District Court of Massachusetts in Boston shall be the sole and exclusive forum
for any claim arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This provision will not apply to claims arising under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal jurisdiction. Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be
deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article IV.D.7.

Article V - Restrictions

The restrictions, if any,
imposed by the articles or organization upon the transfer of shares of any class or series of stock are: None.

Article VI - Other Lawful Provisions

The Corporation shall have all lawful powers
of a corporation organized pursuant to the MBCA. In addition to, and not in limitation of, thereof:

(a) the Corporation shall have the right, power and authority
to carry on any business, operation or activity to the same extent as might an individual, whether as a principal, agent, contractor,
or otherwise, and either alone or in conjunction, joint venture, partnership or other arrangement with any other entity or natural person.

(b) the Corporation shall have the right, power and authority
to carry on any lawful business, operation or activity through one or more direct or indirect subsidiaries, whether wholly-owned or owned
in part.

(c) the Corporation shall have the right, power and authority
to be a partner in any business enterprise which the Corporation would have the power to conduct directly or through a direct or indirect
subsidiary.

(d) The Board of Directors may make, amend, restate or repeal
the Bylaws of the Corporation, in whole or in part, except with respect to any provision of such Bylaws which, by law or the terms of
such Bylaws, requires the approval of the shareholders.

(e) Meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation may be held
anywhere in the United States or solely by means of remote communication, and subject to guidelines and procedures adopted by the Board
of Directors, shareholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of shareholders, may participate and be deemed present
in person and capable of voting by means of remote communications.

(f) Special meetings of the shareholders for any purpose or purposes
may be called at any time by the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or the Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation, and may not be called by any other person; provided that prior
to the first date on which the issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock represents less than 50% of the total voting power of the then
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation that would then be entitled to vote in the election of directors at an annual meeting
of shareholders (the Voting Threshold Date), special meetings of shareholders for any purpose or purposes
may be called by or at the request of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. Business transacted
at any special meeting of shareholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting.

-12- 

(g) No shareholder shall have the right to examine any property
or any books, accounts or other writings of the Corporation if there is a reasonable ground for belief that such examination will, for
any reason, be adverse to the interests of the Corporation. A vote of the Directors, refusing permission to make such examination and
setting forth that in the opinion of the Directors such examination would be adverse to the interests of the Corporation, shall be prima
facie evidence that such examination would be adverse to the interests of the Corporation. Every such examination shall be subject to
such reasonable regulations as the Directors may establish with respect thereto.

(h) The Directors may specify the manner in which the accounts
of the Corporation shall be kept and may determine what constitutes net earnings, profits and surplus, what amounts, if any, shall be
reserved for any corporate purpose, and what amounts, if any, shall be declared as dividends. Unless the Directors specify otherwise,
the excess of the consideration paid for any shares of capital stock with par value issued by it over such par value shall be paid-in
surplus. The Directors may allocate to capital stock less than all of the consideration paid for any share of the Corporations
capital stock without par value issued by the Corporation, in which case the balance of such consideration shall be paid-in surplus.
All surplus shall be available for any corporate purpose, including the payment of dividends.

(i) The purchase or other acquisition or retention by the Corporation
of shares of its own capital stock shall not be deemed a reduction of its capital stock. Upon any reduction of capital or capital stock,
no shareholder shall have any right to demand any distribution from the Corporation, except as and to the extent that the shareholders
shall have provided at the time of the authorization of such reduction.

(j) The Directors shall have the power to fix from time to time
their compensation.

(k) No person shall be disqualified from holding any office by
reason of any interest. In the absence of fraud, any Director, officer, or shareholder of the Corporation, individually, or any individual
having any interest in any concern which is a shareholder of the Corporation, or any concern in which any of such Directors, officers,
shareholders or individuals has any interest, may be a party to or may be pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, any contract, transaction
or other act of the Corporation, and

(1) such contract, transaction or act shall not be in any way
invalidated or otherwise affected by that fact;

(2) no such Director, officer, shareholder or individual shall
be liable to account to the Corporation for any profit or benefit realized through any such contract, transaction or act; and

-13- 

(3) any such Director of this Corporation may be counted in determining
the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee of the Board of Directors which shall authorize
any such contract, transaction or act, and may vote to authorize the same.

Provided, however, that any contract,
transaction or act in which any Director or officer of the Corporation is so interested individually or as a director, officer, trustee
or member of any concern which is not a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of the Corporation, or in which any directors or officers
are so interested as holders, collectively, of a majority of the shares of capital stock or other beneficial interest at the time outstanding
in any concern which is not a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of the Corporation, shall be duly authorized or ratified by a
majority of the Directors who are not so interested, to whom the nature of such interest has been disclosed and who have made any findings
required by law.

For the purposes of this Article (a)
the term interest shall mean and include any personal interest and any interest as a director, officer, shareholder, shareholder,
trustee, member or beneficiary of any concern; (b) the term concern shall mean and include any Corporation, association,
trust, partnership, limited liability company, firm, person or other entity other than this Corporation; and (c) the phrase subsidiary
or affiliate shall mean and include any concern in which a majority of the directors, trustees, partners or controlling persons
is elected or appointed by the Directors of this Corporation or is constituted of the Directors or officers of this Corporation.

To the extent permitted by law, the
authorizing or ratifying vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of each class of the capital stock of the Corporation outstanding
and entitled to vote for Directors at an annual meeting or special meeting duly called for the purpose (whether such vote is passed before
or after judgment is rendered in a suit with respect to such contract, transaction or act) shall validate any contract, transaction or
act of this Corporation, or of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, with regard to all shareholders of this Corporation, whether
of record at the time of such vote, and with regard to all creditors and other claimants of this Corporation; provided, however, that

(A) with respect to the authorization or ratification of any
contract, transaction or act in which any of the Directors, officers or shareholders of this Corporation have an interest, the nature
of such contract, transaction or act and the interest of any Director, officer or shareholder therein shall be summarized in the notice
of any such annual or special meeting, or in a statement or letter accompanying such notice, and shall be fully disclosed at any such
meeting;

(B) the shareholders so voting shall have made any findings required
by law;

(C) shareholders so interested may vote at any such meeting except
to the extent otherwise provided by law; and

(D) any failure of the shareholders to authorize or ratify any such contract, transaction or act shall
not be deemed in any way to invalidate the same or to deprive the Corporation, its Directors, officers or employees of their right
to proceed with such contract, transaction or act.

-14- 

No contract, transaction or act of the
Corporation shall be voidable by reason of any provision of this paragraph (k) which would be valid except for any such provision or provisions.

(l) No Director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its shareholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director to the extent provided by applicable law notwithstanding any provision of law imposing
such liability; provided, however, that to the extent, and only to the extent, required by the MBCA (or any successor thereto), this provision
shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a Director (i) for breach of the Directors fiduciary duty of loyalty to the Corporation
or its shareholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) under the MBCA, or (iv) for any transaction from which the Director derived an improper personal benefit. This provision shall not
be construed in any way so as to impose or create liability. The foregoing provisions of this Article VI, paragraph (j) shall not eliminate
the liability of a Director for any act or omission occurring prior to the date on which this Article VI, paragraph (j) becomes effective.
No amendment to or repeal of this Article VI, paragraph (j) shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of
any Director of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such Director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

(m) To the fullest extent permitted by the MBCA, the Corporation may indemnify each current and former officer
and director against: (i) all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by
such person in or about the conduct of the Corporations business or affairs or in the execution or discharge of such persons
duties, powers, authorities or discretions, and (ii) without limitation to paragraph (i), all costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred
by such person in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceedings (whether
threatened, pending or completed) concerning the Corporation or its affairs in any court or tribunal, whether in Massachusetts or elsewhere;
provided, however, that no current or former officer or director shall be indemnified in respect of any matter
arising out of his or her own actual fraud, failure to conduct himself or herself in good faith, willful default, or willful neglect.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation may make a payment, or agree to make a payment, whether by way of advance,
loan or otherwise, for any legal costs incurred by a current or former officer or director in respect of any matter identified in paragraph
(i) or paragraph (ii) above on condition that such person must repay the amount paid by the Corporation to the extent that it is ultimately
found not liable to indemnify such person for those legal costs.

(n) The Directors may, to the full extent permitted by the MBCA and applicable law as it presently
exists, or may hereafter be amended from time to time, authorize an appropriate officer or officers to purchase and maintain at the
Corporations expense insurance: (i) to indemnify the Corporation for any obligation which it incurs as a result of the indemnification of directors and officers under the provisions of this Article VI; and (ii) to indemnify and/or insure directors,
officers and employees against liability to the fullest extent permitted by the MBCA and applicable law.

-15- 

(o) In a Contested Election Meeting, Directors shall be elected
by a plurality of the votes cast at such Contested Election Meeting. A meeting of shareholders shall be a Contested Election
Meeting if there are more persons nominated for election as Directors at such meeting than there are Directors to be elected
at such meeting, determined as of the tenth day preceding the date of the Corporations first notice to shareholders of such meeting
pursuant to the Corporations Bylaws (such date, the Determination Date); provided, however, that if, in accordance
with the Corporations Bylaws, shareholders are entitled to nominate persons for election as Director for a period of time that
ends after the otherwise applicable Determination Date, the Determination Date shall be as of the day immediately following the end of
such period.

(p) Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual
or special meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation may be taken prior to the Voting Threshold Date without a meeting by the written
consent of shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes necessary to take such action at a meeting of the shareholders
at which all shareholders entitled to vote thereon are present and voting; provided that, in accordance with these Articles and the Corporations
Bylaws, (i) shareholders who own, in the aggregate, not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue to be
considered at any annual or proposed special meeting of the Corporation, as determined in accordance with these Articles, shall by written
notice to the Secretary of the Corporation request that the Board of Directors fix a record date for the proposed action by shareholders
including the information required by the Corporations Bylaws, (ii) the Corporation shall solicit written consents from all shareholders
and (iii) such action shall be evidenced by a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action to be taken, which shall be signed
and delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, and not revoked, by shareholders having the requisite votes; provided, further, however,
that any such action shall be taken in accordance with, and subject to the Corporations Bylaws, the MBCA and applicable law. Following
the Voting Threshold Date, except as provided in the last paragraph of this section, any action required or permitted to be taken by
the shareholders must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the shareholders and may not be effected by written consent in lieu
of a meeting.

For purposes of determining
whether shareholders own, in the aggregate, at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue to be considered
at any annual or proposed special meeting of the Corporation, a shareholder shall be deemed to own only those
outstanding shares of the Corporations stock as to which the shareholder possesses both (i) full voting and investment rights
pertaining to the shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss with respect
to) such shares; provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares
(1) sold by such shareholder or any affiliate of such shareholder in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, (2)
borrowed by such shareholder or any of its affiliates for any purpose(s) or purchased by such shareholder or any of its affiliates
pursuant to an agreement to resell or (3) subject to any Derivative Position (as defined in the Corporations Bylaws) entered
into by such shareholder or any of its affiliates whether such Derivative Position is to be settled with shares or with cash based
on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding stock of the Corporation, in any such case which Derivative Position has,
or is intended to have, the purpose or effect of reducing in any manner, to any extent, or at any time in the future, such
shareholders or affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and/or hedging, offsetting or
altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such shares by such shareholder or affiliate. A
shareholder shall own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the shareholder retains
the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of Directors and possesses the full economic interest in
the shares. The terms owned, owning, and other variations of the word own shall have
correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of the Corporations capital stock are owned for these purposes shall be
determined by the Board of Directors in its reasonable discretion.

-16- 

Notwithstanding any provision of these
Articles or the Corporations Bylaws to the contrary, shareholders may act without a meeting by unanimous written consent, and none
of the foregoing provisions shall apply to such action. Any action by written consent must be a proper subject for shareholder action
by written consent.

(q) No amendment or repeal of any provision of these Articles
the Corporations Bylaws contemplating the indemnification of any Director or officer of the Corporation or of the relevant provisions
of M.G.L. Chapter 156D shall affect or diminish the rights of any indemnified Director or officer with respect to any action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to any actions occurring prior to the final adoption of such amendment or repeal. If the MBCA is subsequently
amended to increase the scope of permitted indemnification, indemnification hereunder shall be provided to the full extent permitted
or required by such amendment.

(r) The Corporation hereby expressly elects not to be governed
by the provisions of M.G.L. Chapter 110F.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Corporation shall not engage in any business combination (as defined below), at any point in time at which time any class of the Common
Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, with any interested shareholder (as defined below) for a period
of three (3) years following the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless:

1. prior to such time, the Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction
that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, or

2. upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the
shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 90% of the voting stock (as defined below)
of the Corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding
(but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested shareholder) those shares owned (a) by persons who are directors and also
officers and (b) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares
held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer, or

-17- 

3. at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized
or approved at an annual or special meeting of shareholders (and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, not by written consent)
by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the then-outstanding voting stock of the Corporation that is not owned by the interested
shareholder.

Solely for purposes of this Section
(r) of Article VI only, references to:

1. affiliate means a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, another person.

2. associate, when used to indicate a relationship with any person, means: (a) any corporation,
partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly,
the owner of 20% or more of any class of voting stock; (b) any trust or other estate in which such person has at least a 20% beneficial
interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (c) any relative or spouse of such person,
or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as such person.

3. business combination, when used in reference to the Corporation and any interested shareholder
of the Corporation, means:

a. any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of
the Corporation (i) with the interested shareholder or (ii) with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other
entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested shareholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation this Section
(r) of Article VI is not applicable to the surviving entity;

b. any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series
of transactions), except proportionately as a shareholder of the Corporation, to or with the interested shareholder, whether as part of
a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, which
assets have an aggregate market value equal to 10% or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined
on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the then outstanding stock of the Corporation;

c. any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer
by the Corporation or by any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation of any stock of the Corporation or of such
subsidiary to the interested shareholder, except: (i) pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for,
exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary, which securities were outstanding prior to the
time that the interested shareholder became such; (ii) pursuant to a merger under Clause (7) of Section 11.04 or Section 11.05 of the
MBCA; (iii) pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for,
exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary, which security is distributed, pro rata to all
holders of a class or series of stock of the Corporation subsequent to the time the interested shareholder became such; (iv) pursuant
to an exchange offer by the Corporation to purchase stock made on the same terms to all holders of said stock; or (v) any issuance or
transfer of stock by the Corporation; provided, however, that in no case under items (iii) through (v) of this subsection (c) shall there
be an increase in the interested shareholders proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the Corporation or of
the voting stock of the Corporation (except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments);

-18- 

d. any transaction involving the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation
that has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or securities
convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the Corporation or of any such subsidiary that is owned by the interested shareholder,
except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption or other transfer
of any shares of stock not caused, directly or indirectly, by the interested shareholder; or

e. any receipt by the interested shareholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately
as a shareholder of the Corporation), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits (other than those expressly
permitted in subsections (a) through (d) above) provided by or through the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary.

4. control, including the terms controlling, controlled by and
under common control with, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of
the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting stock, by contract, or otherwise. A person who is the
owner of 20% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity shall
be presumed to have control of such entity, in the absence of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a presumption of control shall not apply where such person holds voting stock, in good faith and not for the purpose of
circumventing this Section (r) of Article VI, as an agent, bank, broker, nominee, custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not
individually or as a group have control of such entity.

5. Exempt Transferee means (A) any person that acquires
(other than in an Excluded Transfer) directly from a Founder or any of its affiliates or successors ownership of 5% or more of the voting
stock of the Corporation, and is designated in writing by the transferor as an Exempt Transferee for the purpose of this
Section (r) of Article VI; and (B) any person that acquires (other than in an Excluded Transfer) directly from a person described in
clause (A) of this definition or from any other Exempt Transferee ownership of voting stock of the Corporation, and is designated in
writing by the transferor as an Exempt Transferee for the purpose of this Section (r) of Article VI.

-19- 

6. Excluded Transfer means (a) a transfer to a Person that is not an affiliate of the transferor,
which transfer is by gift or otherwise not for value, including a transfer by dividend or distribution by the transferor, (b) a transfer
in a public offering that is registered under the Securities Act, (c) a transfer to one or more broker-dealers or their affiliates pursuant
to a firm commitment purchase agreement for an offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act, (d) a transfer made
through the facilities of a registered securities exchange or automated interdealer quotation system and (e) a transfer made in compliance
with the manner of sale limitations of Rule 144(f) under the Securities Act or any successor rule or provision.

7. interested shareholder means any person (other than the Corporation or any direct or indirect
majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) that (a) is the owner of 5% or more of the then outstanding voting stock of the Corporation,
or (b) is an affiliate or associate of the Corporation and was the owner of 5% or more of the then outstanding voting stock of the Corporation
at any time within the three (3) year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person
is an interested shareholder; and the affiliates and associates of such person; but interested shareholder shall not include
(x) any Founder, any Exempt Transferee or any of their respective affiliates or successors or any group, or any member of
any such group, of which any of such persons is a party under Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act, or (y) any person whose ownership of shares
in excess of the 5% limitation set forth herein is the result of any action taken solely by the Corporation, provided that such person
shall be an interested shareholder if thereafter such person acquires additional shares of voting stock of the Corporation, except as
a result of further corporate action not caused, directly or indirectly, by such person. For the purpose of determining whether a person
is an interested shareholder, the voting stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include stock deemed to be owned by the
person through application of the definition of owner below, but shall not include any other unissued stock of the Corporation
that may be issuable pursuant to any other agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or
options, or otherwise.

8. majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation (or specified person) means another person
of which the Corporation (or specified person), directly or indirectly with or through one or more majority-owned subsidiaries, is the
general partner or managing member of such other person or owns equity securities with a majority of the votes of all equity securities
generally entitled to vote in the election of directors or other governing body of such other person.

-20- 

9. owner, including the terms own, owned, and ownership,
when used with respect to any stock, means a person that individually or with or through any of its affiliates or associates:

a. beneficially owns such stock, directly or indirectly; or

b. has (i) the right to acquire such stock (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the
passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights,
warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the owner of stock tendered pursuant to a tender
or exchange offer made by such person or any of such persons affiliates or associates until such tendered stock is accepted for
purchase or exchange; or (ii) the right to vote such stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however,
that a person shall not be deemed the owner of any stock because of such persons right to vote such stock if the agreement, arrangement
or understanding to vote such stock arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation
made to ten (10) or more persons; or

c. has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except
voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in item (ii) of subsection (b) above of this definition), or disposing of
such stock with any other person that beneficially owns, or whose affiliates or associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such
stock.

10. person means any individual, corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other
entity.

11. stock means, with respect to any corporation, capital stock and, with respect to any other
entity, any equity interest.

13. voting stock means stock of any class or series entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors and, with respect to any entity that is not a corporation, any equity interest entitled to vote generally in the election
of the governing body of such entity. Every reference in this Section (r) of Article VI to a percentage of voting stock shall refer to
such percentage of the votes of such voting stock.

(s) The Corporation hereby expressly elects not to be governed by the provisions of M.G.L. Chapter 110D. If
the provisions of Chapter 110D shall become applicable to control share acquisitions of the Corporation through amendment of these Bylaws
or otherwise, the following provisions shall apply:

1. Redemption of Shares. The Corporation is authorized to redeem shares acquired in a control share acquisition
to the extent and in accordance with the procedures specified in Section 6 of Chapter 110D and in this Article VI.

-21- 

2. Additional Procedures. The additional procedures for redemption of shares as contemplated by this Article
VI shall be:

a. Fair value shall be determined by the Board of Directors
or a committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and the amount so determined shall be included in the notice of redemption
given by the Corporation pursuant to Section 6 of Chapter 110D.

b. The person whose shares are being redeemed (the Holder) may within ten days after the date
of the notice of redemption advise the Corporation in writing that the Holder believes that the value so determined is not fair, and in
such event the Corporation shall, within the 30-day period following its receipt of the Holders notice, permit the Holder to submit
such written and oral evidence of value as the Holder may wish and the Board of Directors or committee considers appropriate. The Board
of Directors or committee shall affirm or revise its determination of fair value within fifteen days after the completion of the 30-day
period, and shall promptly advise the Holder in writing of its decision.

c. The notice of redemption shall specify a redemption date, which shall be 30 days after the date of the
notice (or the first business day after the 30-day period), and a redemption office, which shall be the principal office of the Corporation
or an office of a commercial bank specified by the Corporation in the notice. The redemption date so fixed shall not be deferred by a
request of the Holder for a redetermination of fair value. The Holder shall cause the certificate or certificates representing the shares
being redeemed to be delivered to the redemption office not later than the redemption date, duly endorsed or assigned for transfer, with
signature guaranteed, if such an endorsement or assignment is required in the notice of redemption.

d. The certificate or certificates representing the shares being redeemed having been deposited in accordance
with item (iii) above, the redemption price shall be paid by the Corporation on the redemption date specified in its notice of redemption
or such later date as the redemption price may be determined if the Holder has duly requested a redetermination of fair value.

e. Notice of redemption having been given, from and after the redemption date the shares being redeemed shall
no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and all rights of the Holder or Holders thereof as a shareholder or shareholders of the corporation
shall cease, except the right to receive the redemption price. If the Corporation shall default in payment of the redemption price, interest
shall accrue thereon from the date of default at the base or prime rate of the Corporations principal lending bank or, if none,
the base rate or the prime rate as reported in the online edition of the Wall Street Journal as of 4:00 pm
EST on any day for which interest shall accrue, and as in effect from time to time during the period of default.

-22- 

f. Notice given by the Corporation by first class mail or delivered in person on the basis of a good faith
determination by the Corporation of the identity and address of the person who had made a control share acquisition shall be deemed to
have been duly given.

g. Any person who makes a control share acquisition of the Corporation shall be deemed to have consented
to and shall be bound by the provisions of this Article VI and shall indemnify and hold the corporation harmless from and against any
damage, loss or expense which the corporation may suffer as a result of any non-compliance with the provisions of this Article VI.

(t) (A) In recognition and anticipation that (i) certain directors,
managers, principals, officers, employees and/or other representatives of the Founders and their Affiliates (as defined below) may serve
as directors, officers or agents of the Corporation, (ii) the Founders and their Affiliates may now engage and may continue to engage
in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage
and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage,
and (iii) members of the Board of Directors who are not employees of the Corporation or a majority owned subsidiary thereof (Non-Employee
Directors) and their respective Affiliates may now engage and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities
or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that
overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions of this section (t) of
Article VI are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Corporation with respect to certain classes or
categories of business opportunities as they may involve any of the Founders, the Non-Employee Directors or their respective Affiliates
and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Corporation and its directors, officers and stockholders in connection therewith.

(B) None of
(i) the Founders or any of their Affiliates or (ii) any Non-Employee Director (including any Non-Employee Director who serves as an
officer of the Corporation in both his or her director and officer capacities) or his or her Affiliates (the Persons (as defined
below) identified in (i) and (ii) above being referred to, collectively, as Identified Persons and,
individually, as an Identified Person) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have any duty to
refrain from directly or indirectly (1) engaging in the same or similar business activities or lines of business in which the
Corporation or any of its Affiliates now engages or proposes to engage or (2) otherwise competing with the Corporation or any of its
Affiliates, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no Identified Person shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders
or to any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that such Identified Person
engages in any such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for an
Identified Person and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section C of this section (t) of Article VI.
Subject to Section C of this section (t) of Article VI, in the event that any Identified Person acquires knowledge of a potential
transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself and the Corporation or
any of its Affiliates, such Identified Person shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have no duty to communicate or offer
such transaction or other business opportunity to the Corporation or any of its Affiliates and, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders or to any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary
duty as a stockholder, director or officer of the Corporation solely by reason of the fact that such Identified Person pursues or
acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself, offers or directs such corporate opportunity to another Person,
or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation or any Affiliate of the Corporation.

-23- 

(C) The
Corporation does not renounce its interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any Non-Employee Director (including any Non-Employee
Director who serves as an officer of the Corporation in both his or her director and officer capacities) if such opportunity is expressly
offered to such Person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation, and the provisions of Section (B) of
this section (t) of Article VI shall not apply to any such corporate opportunity.

(D) In
addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section (t) of Article VI, a corporate opportunity shall not be deemed
to be a potential corporate opportunity for the Corporation if it is a business opportunity that (i) the Corporation is neither financially
or legally able, nor contractually permitted, to undertake, (ii) from its nature, is not in the line of the Corporations business
or is of no practical advantage to the Corporation or (iii) is one in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy.

(E) Solely
for purposes of this section (t) of Article VI, Affiliate shall mean (a) in respect of any Founder, any Person
that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by such Founder, controls such Founder or is under common control with such Founder and shall
include (i) any principal, member, director, manager, partner, stockholder, officer, employee or other representative of any of the foregoing
(other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation) and (ii) any funds or vehicles advised by Affiliates
of such Founder, (b) in respect of a Non-Employee Director, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by such Non-Employee
Director (other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation) and (c) in respect of the Corporation, any
Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by the Corporation.

(F) To the fullest
extent permitted by law, any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this section (t) of Article VI.

-24- 

ARTICLE VII

The effective date of organization of the corporation is the date and
time the articles were received for filing if the articles are not rejected within the time prescribed by law. If a later effective date
is desired, specify such date, which may not be later than the 90th day after the articles are received for filing:

It is hereby certified that these restated articles of organization
consolidate all amendments into a single document. If a new amendment authorizes an exchange, or effects a reclassification or cancellation,
of issued shares, provisions for implementing that action are set forth in these restated articles unless contained in the text of the
amendment.

Specify the number(s) of the article(s) being amended: Articles
I, II, III, IV, and VI

Signed by: /s/ Paul T. Dacier,

(signature of authorized individual)

Chairman of the board of directors,

President,

Other officer,

Court-appointed fiduciary,

on this 19 day of December , 2024 .

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS

William Francis Galvin

Secretary of the Commonwealth

One Ashburton Place, Boston, Massachusetts
02108-1512

Restated Articles of Organization

(General Laws Chapter 156D, Section 10.07; 950
CMR 113.35)

I hereby certify that upon examination
of these restated articles of organization, duly submitted to me, it appears that the provisions of the General Laws relative to the organization
of corporations have been complied with, and I hereby approve said articles; and the filing fee in the amount of $______ having been paid,
said articles are deemed to have been filed with me this

_____________ day of _____________,
20______ , at _______a.m./p.m.

time

-25- 

Effective date: _________________________________________________

(must be within 90 days
of date submitted)

WILLIAM FRANCIS GALVIN

Secretary of the Commonwealth

________________

Examiner

________________

Name approval

________________

C

________________

M 

Filing fee: Minimum filing fee $200, plus $100 per article amended,
stock increases $100 per 100,000 shares, plus $100 for each additional 100,000 shares or any fraction thereof.

TO BE FILLED IN BY CORPORATION

Contact Information:

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237

Newburyport, MA 01950

Telephone: (617) 848-9250

Email: sdoyle@tcflaw.com

Upon filing, a copy of this filing will be available
at www.sec.state.ma.us/cor.

If the document is rejected, a copy of the rejection
sheet and rejected document will be available in the rejected queue.

-26-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex3-2_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

of

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

ARTICLE I

GENERAL

1.1Registered Office and Registered Agent. The registered office and registered agent of Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc.,
a Massachusetts corporation (the Corporation) shall be as set forth in the Corporations Articles of Organization,
as amended and in effect from time to time the Articles) or subsequent filing with the Secretary of the Commonwealth.
The (the Board) of Directors or President of the Corporation may at any time change the registered office or the
registered agent by making the appropriate filing with the Secretary of the Commonwealth.

1.2Principal Office. The principal office of the Corporation shall be within or without the Commonwealth of Massachusetts as set
forth in the Corporations Articles or subsequent filing with the Secretary of the Commonwealth.

1.3Other Offices. The Corporation may also have other offices at any places, within or without the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
as the Board of Directors may designate, or as the business of the Corporation may require or as may be desirable.

1.4Books and Records. Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its share ledger,
books of account and minute books, may be maintained on any information storage device or method; provided that the records so kept can
be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall convert any records so kept upon the written
request of any person entitled to inspect such records pursuant to applicable law. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept
within or outside the Commonwealth of Massachusetts at such place or places as may from time to time be designated by the Board, provided
that a copy of the following records be kept at its principal office or an office of its transfer agent or of its secretary or assistant
secretary or of its registered agent: (a) its articles or restated articles of organization and all amendments to them currently in effect;
(b) its bylaws or restated bylaws and all amendments to them currently in effect; (c) resolutions adopted by its Board of Directors creating
one or more classes or series of shares, and fixing their relative rights, preferences, and limitations, if shares issued pursuant to
those resolutions are outstanding; (d) the minutes of all shareholders meetings, and records of all action taken by shareholders
without a meeting, for the past 3 years; (e) all written communications to shareholders generally within the past 3 years, including the
financial statements furnished under section 16.20 of the Massachusetts Business Corporation Act, Chapter 156D of Massachusetts General
Laws (MBCA) for the past 3 years; (f) a list of the names and business addresses of its current directors and officers;
and (g) its most recent annual report delivered to the secretary of state of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

ARTICLE II

ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION

2.1Bylaws Subject to Articles of Organization. The name and purposes of the Corporation shall be as set forth in the Corporations
Articles. These Bylaws, the powers of the Corporation and of its Directors and shareholders, or of any class of shareholders if there
shall be more than one class of stock, and all matters concerning the conduct and regulation of the business and affairs of the Corporation
shall be subject to such provisions in regard thereto, if any, as are set forth in the Articles. For the avoidance of doubt, these Bylaws
are adopted subject to any applicable law and the Articles. Whenever these Bylaws may conflict with any applicable law or the Articles,
such conflict shall be resolved in favor of such law or the Articles.

ARTICLE III

SHAREHOLDERS

3.1
Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation for the election of Directors and the transaction of such other
business as may properly come before the meeting shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be determined by the Board of Directors
each year, which date and time may subsequently be changed at any time, including the year any such determination occurs.

3.2 Conduct of
Meetings. The chairman of each annual and special meeting of shareholders shall be the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence
(or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, any Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) or, in
the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chief Executive Officer or if such Chief Executive Officer is not a director,
the President (if he or she shall be a director) or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the President or if the
President is not a director, such other person as shall be appointed by the Board. The date and time of the opening and the closing
of the polls for each matter upon which the shareholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the chairman of
the meeting. The Board may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of shareholders as it shall deem
appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with these Bylaws or such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the chairman
of any meeting of shareholders shall have the right and authority to convene and to adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules,
regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of
the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may
include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting;
(b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (c) limitations on
attendance at or participation in the meeting to shareholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted
proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting after
the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants.
Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of shareholders shall not be required to
be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. The secretary of each annual and special meeting of shareholders
shall be the Secretary or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary so appointed to
act by the chairman of the meeting. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries,
the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

-2-

3.3
Special Meetings.

(a)
Calling a Special Meeting. Except as may otherwise be provided in the Articles, special meetings of the shareholders may only be
called by the President at the direction of the Chairman of the Board or by a majority of the Directors; provided that, until the Voting
Threshold Date (as defined in the Articles), special meetings of the shareholders shall be called by the Secretary, or in case of the
death, absence, incapacity or refusal of the Secretary, by any other officer, upon the written request of shareholders who hold in the
aggregate at least fifty percent (50%) of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue to be considered at the proposed special meeting.
Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting so long as the Founders (as defined in the Articles) hold a majority
of all votes entitled to be cast. A shareholder request for a special meeting shall be directed to the Secretary and shall be signed and
dated by each shareholder, or duly authorized agent of such shareholder, requesting the special meeting and shall be accompanied by the
information required by Sections 3.5 or 4.2 of these Bylaws, as applicable, as to any business proposed to be conducted and any nominations
proposed to be presented at such special meeting and as to the shareholder(s) requesting the special meeting. A special meeting requested
by shareholders shall be held on such date and at such time and place as shall be determined by the Board of Directors; provided, however,
that the date of any such special meeting shall be not more than ninety (90) days after the request to call the special meeting is received
by the Secretary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a special meeting requested by shareholders shall not be held if (a) the stated
business to be brought before the special meeting is not a proper subject for shareholder action under applicable law, (b) the Board
of Directors has called or calls for an annual meeting of shareholders to be held within ninety (90) days after the Secretary receives
the request for the special meeting and the Board of Directors determines in good faith that the business of such annual meeting includes
(among any other matters properly brought before the annual meeting) the business specified in the shareholders request, or (c) an
annual or special meeting that included the business specified in the request (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors)
was held not more than ninety (90) days before the request to call the special meeting was received by the Secretary.

(b) Revocation of
Request. A shareholder may revoke a request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary,
and if, following such revocation there are un-revoked requests from shareholders holding in the aggregate less than the requisite
number of shares entitling the shareholders to request the calling of a special meeting, the Board of Directors, in its discretion,
may cancel the special meeting. If none of the shareholders who submitted the request for a special meeting appears or sends a
qualified representative to present the nominations proposed to be presented or other business proposed to be conducted at the
special meeting, the Corporation need not present such nominations or other business for a vote at such meeting. Business transacted
at all special meetings shall be confined to the matters stated in the notice of special meeting. Business transacted at a special
meeting requested by shareholders shall be limited to the matters described in the special meeting request; provided, however, that
nothing herein shall prohibit the Board of Directors from submitting matters to the shareholders at any special meeting requested by
shareholders. The Chair of a special meeting shall determine all matters relating to the conduct of the meeting, including, but not
limited to, determining whether any nomination or other item of business has been properly brought before the meeting in accordance
with these Bylaws, and if the Chair should so determine and declare that any nomination or other item of business has not been
properly brought before the special meeting, then such business shall not be transacted at such meeting.

-3-

(c) Definition of Business
Day. As used in these Bylaws, the term Business Day means a day other than a day which, at a particular
place, is a public holiday or a day other than a day on which banking institutions at such place are allowed or required, by law or otherwise,
to remain closed.

3.4
Place of Meeting; Meetings by Remote Communications; Adjournment. 

(a) Place of Meeting. Meetings of the shareholders may be held at the principal office of the Corporation in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
or at such places within or without the Commonwealth of Massachusetts as may be specified in the notices of such meetings.

(b) Meetings of Shareholders by Remote Communications. The Board of Directors may authorize shareholders not physically present at
any annual or special meeting of shareholders to participate in such meeting of shareholders by means of remote communication and be deemed
present and entitled to vote at the meeting, subject to any guidelines and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors may also authorize that any annual or special meeting of shareholders shall be held solely by means of remote communication
as set out in this Section 3.4 without a physical assembly of shareholders.

(c) Certain Required
Measures. At a meeting in which shareholders can participate by means of remote communication, the Corporation shall implement
reasonable measures to:

i. verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote
at the meeting by means of remote communication is a shareholder or proxy holder; and

ii. allow shareholders and proxy holders participating by remote communication to either read or hear the
proceedings as they take place and to participate in the meeting and vote on matters submitted to the shareholders.

(d) Maintenance
of Records. The Corporation shall maintain a record of the vote or other action taken by shareholders or proxy holders at the meeting
by means of remote communication.

-4-

(e) Adjournment.
When any annual or special meeting has been convened, the Chairman of the Board or other presiding officer may adjourn the meeting
for a period of time not to exceed 30 days if (a) no quorum is present for the transaction of business or (b) the Chairman of the
Board or other presiding officer determines that adjournment is necessary or appropriate to enable the shareholders (i) to consider
fully information which such officer determines has not been made sufficiently or timely available to shareholders or (ii) otherwise
to exercise effectively their voting rights. The Chairman of the Board or other presiding officer in such event shall announce the
adjournment and date, time and place of reconvening.

3.5
Notice of Meetings. 

(a)
Written Notice. A written notice of each meeting of shareholders, stating the place, date and hour and the purposes of the
meeting and the means of any remote communication, if authorized, by which shareholders may be considered present and may vote at the
meeting, shall be given no fewer than seven days nor more than 60 days before the meeting to each shareholder entitled to vote thereat
and to each shareholder who, by law, by the Articles or by these Bylaws, is entitled to notice, by leaving such notice with such shareholder
or at such shareholders residence or usual place of business, by mailing it, postage prepaid, addressed to such shareholder at
such shareholders address as it appears in the records of the Corporation or by electronic transmission directed to such shareholder
at an address given to the Corporation by the shareholder or otherwise in such manner as the shareholder shall have specified to the Corporation,
including by facsimile transmission, electronic mail or posting on an electronic network. Such notice shall be given by the secretary
or an assistant secretary or by an officer designated by the directors. Whenever notice of a meeting is required to be given to a shareholder
under any provision of the MBCA or of the Articles or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, executed before or after the meeting by
such shareholder or such shareholders attorney thereunto authorized and filed with the records of the meeting, shall be deemed
equivalent to such notice.

(b)
Business To Be Transacted. No business may be transacted at a meeting of shareholders except that (i) specified in the notice
thereof, or in a supplemental notice given also in compliance with the provisions hereof, (ii) brought before the meeting by or at the
direction of the Board of Directors or the presiding officer, or (iii) properly brought before the meeting by or on behalf of any shareholder
who (A) shall have been a shareholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 3.5 and at the time of the
meeting and who shall continue to be entitled to vote at such meeting and on the matters to be brought at the meeting and who complies
with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.5 or, with respect to the election of directors, Section 4.2 of these Bylaws or
(B) properly made such proposal in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before a meeting by a shareholder
(other than a shareholder proposal included in the corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act),
the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation.

-5-

(c) Shareholders
Notice. In order to be timely given, a shareholders notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive
offices of the Corporation (i) not less than 95 nor more than 125 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of shareholders of the corporation or (ii) in the case of a special meeting or if the annual meeting is called for a date (including
any change in a date determined by the board pursuant to Section 3.3 of these Bylaws) not within 30 days before or after such anniversary
date, not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of such meeting was mailed or
public disclosure of the date of such meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of
an annual or special meeting or the public disclosure thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholders notice
as described above. Such shareholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before
the meeting (i) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event
that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws or the Articles, the language of the proposed amendment), and a reasonably
detailed description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting,
(ii) the name and record address of the shareholder proposing such business covered by this Section 2.4 of these Bylaws, (iii) the
class and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation held of record, owned beneficially (directly or indirectly) (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) and represented by proxy by such shareholder as of the record date for the meeting (if such date
shall then have been made publicly available), as of the date of such notice, and as of each of 60 days prior to the date of such notice
and one year prior to the date of such notice, (iv) a description of any derivative positions held or beneficially held (directly
or indirectly) by the shareholder, including whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short
interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement
or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) has been made by or on behalf of, the effect or
intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power
or pecuniary or economic interest of, such shareholder with respect to stock of the corporation (any of the foregoing, a Derivative
Position), (v) a description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship between such shareholder
and any other person or persons (including their names and addresses) in connection with the proposal of such business by such shareholder
or pursuant to which such shareholder has a right to vote any stock of the Corporation, (vi) a description of any material interest
of such shareholder in such business, including any anticipated benefit to the shareholder therefrom, (vii) a description of any proportionate
interest in stock of the Corporation or Derivative Positions with respect to the Corporation held, directly or indirectly, by a general
or limited partnership in which such shareholder is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in such
a general partner, and (viii) all other information which would be required to be included in a proxy statement or other filings required
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission if, with respect to any such item of business, such shareholder were a participant
in a solicitation subject to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (the Proxy Rules).

(d)
No Other Business. Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any meeting of shareholders
except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 3.5; provided, however, that nothing in this
Section 3.5 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any shareholder of any business properly brought before such meeting.

-6-

(e)
Determination by Presiding Officer. The Chairman of the Board or other presiding officer of the meeting may, if the facts warrant,
determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the foregoing procedures,
and if such officer should so determine, such officer shall so declare to the meeting and that business shall be disregarded.

3.6
List of Shareholders Entitled to Vote. The officer or agent having charge of the share transfer records for shares of the Corporation
shall prepare an alphabetical list of all shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting, arranged by voting group and by class and series
of shares, with the address of and the number of shares held by each shareholder. The list shall be available for inspection by any shareholder
beginning two (2) business days after notice of the meeting is given at the principal place of business of the Corporation or if the meeting
will be held at another location, at a place in the city where the meeting will be held, which shall be identified in the meeting notice.
The list shall also be produced and kept open at the time and place of the meeting and shall be subject to the inspection of any shareholder
during the whole time of the meeting. If any shareholders are participating in the meeting by means of remote communication, the list
must be open to examination by the shareholders for the duration of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the
information required to access the list must be provided to shareholders in the meeting notice. The Corporation shall take reasonable
steps to ensure that the information is available only to shareholders of the Corporation.

3.7
Quorum of Shareholders. At any meeting of shareholders, a quorum shall consist of the holders of a majority of the voting power of
the shares of stock entitled to vote at that meeting, present in person or represented by proxy. Stock owned directly or indirectly by
the Corporation, if any, shall not be deemed outstanding for this purpose. Any meeting may be adjourned from time to time by a majority
of the votes properly cast upon the question, whether or not a quorum is present, and the meeting may be held as adjourned without further
notice.

3.8
Action by Vote.

(a) Election
of Directors. Other than in a Contested Election Meeting (as defined below), when a quorum is present at any meeting of shareholders,
a nominee for director shall be elected to the Board of Directors if the votes properly cast for such nominees election
exceed the votes properly cast against such nominees election (with abstentions, broker non-votes
and withheld votes not counted as a vote for or against such nominees election). In a
Contested Election Meeting, when a quorum is present, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes properly cast at such meeting.
A meeting of shareholders shall be a Contested Election Meeting if there are more persons nominated for election
as Directors at such meeting than there are directors to be elected at such meeting, determined as of the tenth day preceding the date
of the Corporations first notice to shareholders of such meeting sent pursuant to Section 3.5 of these Bylaws (the Determination
Date); provided, however, that if in accordance with Section 4.2 of these Bylaws shareholders are entitled to nominate persons
for election as Director for a period of time that ends after the otherwise applicable Determination Date, the Determination Date shall
instead be as of the end of such period. No ballot shall be required for any election unless requested by a shareholder present or represented
at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election.

-7-

(b) Other
Matters. Except as provided in Section 3.8(a), when a quorum is present at any meeting of shareholders, a majority of the votes properly
cast upon any question shall decide the question, except when a larger vote is required by law, by the Articles or by these Bylaws.

3.9
Voting. Shareholders entitled to vote shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote held by them of record according
to the records of the corporation, unless otherwise provided by the Articles. The corporation shall not, directly or indirectly, vote
any share of its own stock.

3.10 Action by
Written Consent. 

(a) Votes
Required for Action. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of shareholders may be taken prior to the Voting
Threshold Date without a meeting by shareholders having not less than the minimum number of votes necessary to take the action at a meeting
at which all shareholders entitled to vote on the action are present and voting, in accordance with the Articles and this Section 3.10.
Such action shall be evidenced by a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, which shall be (i) signed and delivered
to the secretary and not revoked by shareholders having the requisite votes, and (ii) filed with the records of the meetings of shareholders.
Such consents shall be treated for all purposes as a vote at a meeting. Following the Voting Threshold Date, any action required or permitted
to be taken by the shareholders must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the shareholders and may not be effected by consent
in lieu of a meeting except as otherwise set forth in the Articles.

(b) Request
for Record Date. Shareholders may act by written consent if shareholders who own in the aggregate not less than a majority of the
votes entitled to be cast, as determined in accordance with the Articles, shall (i) by written notice to the secretary request that the
Board of Directors fix a record date (a Written Request) prior to soliciting any written consents in respect of such
action, (ii) solicit consents to take such action from all shareholders, and (iii) continuously own (as determined in accordance with
the Articles) not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast from the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation through
the date of delivery of written consents signed by shareholders having the requisite votes to take such action. Delivery of such Written
Request shall be by hand, by registered U.S. mail, or by courier service to the attention of the Secretary at the principal executive
offices of the Corporation. A shareholder may revoke a Written Request with respect to such shareholders shares at any time by
written revocation delivered to the Secretary. In addition, any disposition of shares of the Corporations stock made at any time
prior to the delivery of the first written consent with respect to the action for which the Written Request is submitted shall constitute
a revocation, with respect to such disposed shares, of any such Written Request.

(c) Contents of
Written Request. A Written Request shall be signed and dated by each shareholder, or duly authorized agent of such shareholder,
submitting the Written Request and shall be accompanied by (i) the information required by Sections 3.5 or 4.2 of these Bylaws, as
applicable, and (ii) an acknowledgment that any disposition of shares described in Section 3.10(b) of these Bylaws constitutes a
revocation of the Written Request with respect to such disposed shares. In addition, the shareholders shall promptly provide any
other information reasonably requested by the Corporation.

-8-

(d) Record
Date. The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in all events within ten (10) business days after the date on which a Written Request
complying with these Bylaws (including Section 3.10(e) below) is received by the Secretary, adopt a resolution fixing the record date
for determining shareholders entitled to take action by written consent. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors within
ten (10) business days after the date on which a Written Request complying with these Bylaws is received by the Secretary, and the Written
Request involves a matter that is a proper subject for action by written consent under Section 3.10(e) of these Bylaws, the record date
shall be the date on which the first shareholder signs the written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken in accordance
with this Section 3.10.

(e) Actions
Which May Be Taken by Written Consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall not be obligated to set a record
date for an action by written consent if (i) such action is not a proper subject for shareholder action, either by written consent or
otherwise, under applicable law, (ii) the Board of Directors has called or calls for an annual or special meeting of shareholders
to be held within ninety (90) days after the secretary receives the Written Request and the Board of Directors determines in good faith
that the business of such annual or special meeting is to include (among any other matters properly to be brought before the annual or
special meeting) the business specified in the Written Request, or (iii) an annual or special meeting that included the business
specified in the Written Request (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) was held not more than ninety (90) days before
the Written Request was received by the Secretary, or (iv) the Written Request or any solicitation of consents to such action by written
consent was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act or other applicable law.

(f) Inspectors of Election. In the event
of the delivery, in the manner provided by this Section 3.10 and applicable law, to the Corporation of the requisite written consent
or consents to take action and any related revocation or revocations, the Corporation shall appoint one or more inspectors of election,
who may be employees of the Corporation, for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of the consents
and revocations. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no action by written consent without a meeting
shall be effective until such date as the inspectors certify to the Corporation that the consents delivered to the Corporation in accordance
with this Section 3.10 represent not less than the minimum number of votes necessary to take the action at a meeting at which all shareholders
entitled to vote on the action are present and voting. If after such review the inspectors shall determine that the written consent or
consents are valid and that the action specified therein has been validly authorized, that fact shall be certified in the records of
the meetings of shareholders, and the written consent or consents shall be filed with such records. Nothing contained in this Section
3.10 shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any shareholder shall not be entitled to contest
the validity of any consent or revocation thereof, whether before or after such certification by the inspectors, or to take any other
action with respect thereto.

-9-

(g) Date
of Written Consent; Notice to Shareholders. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each shareholder who signs the
consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the action set forth therein unless, within sixty (60) days of the earliest
dated consent delivered in accordance with this Section 3.10, a written consent or consents signed by shareholders having the requisite
votes to take such action are delivered to the Secretary in the manner prescribed in this Section 3.10. The action by written consent
will take effect as of the date and time of the certification of the written consents in accordance with Section 3.10(f) of these Bylaws,
unless otherwise provided by law.

(h) Effectiveness
of Written Consent. Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no action may be taken by the shareholders by less than
unanimous written consent except in accordance with the Articles and these Bylaws. If the Board of Directors shall determine that any
request to fix a record date or to take shareholder action by written consent was not properly made in accordance with the Articles and
these Bylaws, or the shareholder or shareholders seeking to take such action do not otherwise comply with the Articles and these Bylaws,
then the Board of Directors shall not be required to fix a record date and any such purported action by written consent shall be null
and void to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. In addition to the requirements of the Articles and these Bylaws with respect
to shareholders seeking to take an action by written consent, any shareholder seeking to have the shareholders authorize or take corporate
action by written consent shall comply with all requirements of applicable law, including all requirements of the Exchange Act, with respect
to such action. Notwithstanding anything in the Articles or these Bylaws to the contrary shareholders may act without a meeting by unanimous
written consent, and none of the foregoing provisions shall apply to such action. Any action by written consent must be a proper subject
for shareholder action by written consent under applicable law.

3.11 Proxies.
Each shareholder entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing
without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such shareholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or
acted upon after eleven months from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Proxies need not be filed with the
Secretary until the meeting is called to order, but shall be filed with the Secretary before being voted. Without limiting the
manner in which a shareholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such shareholder as proxy, either of the following
shall constitute a valid means by which a shareholder may grant such authority. No shareholder shall have cumulative voting
rights.

(a) A shareholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for such shareholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished
by the shareholder or such shareholders authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such persons
signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature.

(b) A shareholder may
authorize another person or persons to act for such shareholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of an
electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service
organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided
that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that
the electronic transmission was authorized by the shareholder. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction
of the writing or transmission authorizing another person or persons to act as proxy for a shareholder may be substituted or used in
lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used;
provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original
writing or transmission.

-10-

ARTICLE IV

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

4.1
Number. The number of directors shall be fixed at any time or from time to time only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
directors then in office (each a Director and together the Directors), but shall be not less
than three, except that whenever there shall be only two shareholders the number of Directors shall be not less than two and whenever
there shall be only one shareholder there shall be at least one Director; no decrease in the number of Directors shall shorten the term
of any incumbent Director. No Director need be a shareholder of the Corporation.

4.2
Nominations for Director.

(a) Eligibility for
Nomination. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as
Directors, except as provided in the Articles. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at a meeting of
shareholders may be made at such meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors by any nominating committee or person
appointed by the Board or (b) by any shareholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 4.2 and who
shall continue to be entitled to vote at such meeting and on such election and who timely complies with the notice procedures set
forth in this Section 4.2. Nominations by shareholders shall be made only after giving timely notice in writing to the Secretary of
the Corporation. In order to be timely given, a shareholders notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the
principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) not less than 95 nor more than 125 days prior to the anniversary date of the
immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation or (b) in the case of a special meeting or if the annual
meeting is called for a date (including any change in a date determined by the Board pursuant to Section 3.1) not within 30 days
before or after such anniversary date, not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which notice of the
date of such meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of such meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall
any adjournment or postponement of an annual or special meeting or the public disclosure thereof commence a new time period for the
giving of a shareholders notice as described above. Such shareholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth (a) as
to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a Director, (i) the name, age, business
address and residence address of the person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (iii) the class and number
of all shares of stock of the Corporation, if any, which are beneficially owned by the person (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), (iv) any other information regarding the nominee as would be required to be
included in a proxy statement or other filings required to be filed pursuant to the Proxy Rules, and (v) the consent of each nominee
to serve as a Director of the Corporation if so elected; and (b) as to the shareholder giving the notice, (i) the name and record
address of the shareholder, (ii) the class and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation held of record, owned beneficially
(directly or indirectly) and represented by proxy by such shareholder as of the record date for the meeting (if such date shall then
have been made publicly available), as of the date of such notice, and as of each of 60 days prior to the date of such notice and
one year prior to the date of such notice, (iii) a representation that the shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at
the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice, (iv) a representation that the shareholder (and any party on
whose behalf such shareholder is acting) is qualified at the time of giving such notice to have such individual serve as the nominee
of such shareholder (and any party on whose behalf such shareholder is acting) if such individual is elected, accompanied by copies
of any notifications or filings with, or orders or other actions by, and governmental authority which are required in order for such
shareholder (and any party on whose behalf such shareholder is acting) to be so qualified, (v) a description of all direct and
indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements or understandings during the past three years between
such shareholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination
or nominations are to be made by such shareholder, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item
404 of Regulation S-K if the shareholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made or
any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith were the registrant for purposes of such Item
and the proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant, (vi) a description of any Derivative Position
held or beneficially held (directly or indirectly) by such shareholder with respect to stock of the Corporation, (vii) a
description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship between such shareholder and any other person or
persons (including their names and addresses) in connection with the nomination or nominations to be made by such shareholder or
pursuant to which such shareholder has a right to vote any stock of the Corporation, (viii) a description of any proportionate
interest in stock of the Corporation or Derivative Positions with respect to the Corporation held, directly or indirectly, by a
general or limited partnership in which such shareholder is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an
interest in such a general partner, and (ix) such other information regarding such shareholder as would be required to be included
in a proxy statement or other filings required to be filed pursuant to the Proxy Rules. The Corporation may require any proposed
nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such
proposed nominee to serve as Director. In addition, to be effective, the shareholders notice must be accompanied by the
written consent of the proposed nominee to serve as a director if elected and to be named in the Corporations proxy statement
and associated proxy card as a nominee of the shareholder. No person shall be eligible for election as a Director unless nominated
in accordance with the provisions set forth herein.

-11-

(b)
Determination by Presiding Officer. The Chairman of the Board or other presiding officer of the meeting may, if the facts warrant,
determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, and if such officer should
so determine, such officer shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.

(c) Inclusion in Corporations Proxy Statement. Unless required by law, nothing in this Section 4.2 shall obligate the Corporation
or the Board to include in any proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the Corporation or the Board
information with respect to any nominee for director submitted by a shareholder.

4.3
Powers. Except as reserved to the shareholders by law, by the Articles or by these Bylaws, the business of the Corporation shall be
managed by the Directors who shall have and may exercise all the powers of the Corporation. In particular, and without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Directors may at any time issue all or from time to time any part of the unissued capital stock of the Corporation
from time to time authorized under the Articles and may determine, subject to any requirements of law, the consideration for which stock
is to be issued and the manner of allocating such consideration between capital and surplus. The Board may from time to time declare,
and the Corporation may pay, dividends (payable in cash, property or shares of the Corporations capital stock) on the Corporations
outstanding shares of capital stock, subject to applicable law and the Articles.

4.4
Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the Articles or these Bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation
of Directors, including for service on a committee of the Board, and may be paid either a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of
the Board or other compensation as Director. The Directors may be reimbursed their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of
the Board. No such payment shall preclude any Director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.
Members of committees of the Board may be allowed like compensation and reimbursement of expenses for service on the committee.

4.5
Resignation and Removal. Any Director may resign at any time by delivering a resignation in writing to the Board of Directors, the
Chairman of the Board or to the Corporation. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless specified to be effective at some
other time. Any Director or Directors or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office (a) only for Cause (as defined in Section
8.06(f)(2) of the MBCA) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at an election of Directors and (b) only
at a shareholder meeting called for the purpose of removing the Director or Directors where the notice of the meeting states that such
removal is the purpose or one of the purposes of the meeting. No Director resigning, and (except where a right to receive compensation
shall be expressly provided in a duly authorized written agreement with the Corporation) no Director removed, shall have the right to
any compensation as such director for any period following such Directors removal, or any right to damages on account of such removal,
whether such Directors compensation be by the month or by the year or otherwise, unless in the case of a resignation, the Directors,
or in case of a removal, the shareholders, shall in their discretion provide for compensation.

-12-

4.6
Vacancies. If a vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of Directors,
such vacancy shall be filled solely by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Class B Common Stock until the Voting
Threshold Date. After the Voting Threshold Date, any vacancy on the Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase
in the number of Directors, shall be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors, although less than a quorum, or by a
sole remaining Director, and not by shareholders.

4.7
Committees. The Directors may, by vote of a majority of the Directors then in office, elect from their number one or more committees
and delegate to any such committee or committees some or all of the power of the Directors except those which by law, by the Articles
or by these Bylaws they are prohibited from delegating. Except as the Directors may otherwise determine, any such committee may make rules
for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the Directors or such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly
as may be in the same manner as is provided by these Bylaws for the conduct of business by the Directors.

4.8
Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Directors may be held without call or notice at such places and at such times as the Directors
may from time to time determine, provided that reasonable notice of the first regular meeting following any such determination shall be
given to absent Directors. A regular meeting of the Directors may be held without call or notice immediately after and at the same place
as the annual meeting of the shareholders.

4.9
Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Directors may be held at any time and at any place designated in the notice of the meeting,
when called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or by two or more Directors, notice thereof being given to each
Director by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or by the officer or one of the Directors calling the meeting.

4.10 Notice. In addition to the forms of notice permitted by Article V, a written notice of a meeting of the Directors may be given to
a Director in person, by mail or express overnight courier addressed to a Director at such Directors usual or last known business
or residence address, or by delivering such notice by electronic transmission directed to such Director at an address given to the Corporation
by the Director or otherwise in such manner as the director shall have specified to the Corporation, including by facsimile transmission,
electronic mail or posting to an electronic network. Oral notice of a meeting may be given to a Director in person or by telephone. Notice
of a meeting need not be given to any Director if a written waiver of notice, executed by such Director before or after the meeting, is
filed with the records of the meeting, or to any Director who attends the meeting without protesting prior thereto or at its commencement
the lack of notice to such director. Neither notice of a meeting nor a waiver of a notice need specify the purposes of the meeting.

4.11 Quorum.
Unless otherwise provided by law, at any meeting of the Directors a majority of the Directors then in office shall constitute a
quorum. Any meeting may be adjourned from time to time by a majority of the votes cast upon the question, whether or not a quorum is
present, and the meeting may be held as adjourned without further notice.

-13-

4.12 Action by Vote. When a quorum is present at any meeting, a majority of the Directors present may take any action, except when a larger
vote is required by law, by the Articles or by these Bylaws.

4.13 Action by Writing. Unless the Articles otherwise provide, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Directors,
including without limitation, the approval of any transaction under Section 8.31(c) of the MBCA, may be taken without a meeting if all
the Directors consent to the action in writing or by means of electronic transmission and such written consents are filed with the records
of the meetings of the Directors. Such consents shall be treated for all purposes as votes taken at a meeting.

4.14 Presence Through Communications Equipment. Unless otherwise provided by law or by the Articles, members of the Board of Directors
may participate in a meeting of such Board by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all
persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time and participation by such means shall constitute presence in
person at a meeting.

4.15 Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board of Directors (if there be such an individual appointed) shall, except as the Directors
shall otherwise determine, preside at all meetings of the Directors and of the shareholders. The Chairman of the Board shall have the
duties and powers specified in these Bylaws and shall have such other duties and powers as may be determined by the Directors. The Chairman
of the Board shall be a Director of the Corporation. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
any Chief Executive Officer shall preside when present at all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors. The powers and
duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall not include supervision or control of the preparation of the financial statements
of the Corporation (other than through participation as a member of the Board of Directors). The position of Chairman of the Board of
Directors and Chief Executive Officer may be held by the same person.

ARTICLE V 

MEANS OF GIVING NOTICE

5.1 Notice to
Directors. Whenever under applicable law, the Articles or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any Director, such
notice shall be given either (i) in writing and sent by mail, or by a nationally recognized delivery service, (ii) by
means of facsimile telecommunication or other form of electronic transmission, or (iii) by oral notice given personally or by
telephone. A notice to a Director will be deemed given as follows: (i) if given by hand delivery, orally, or by telephone, when
actually received by the Director, (ii) if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with
postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the Director at the Directors address appearing on the records of the
Corporation, (iii) if sent for next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with
such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the director at the directors address appearing on the records of the
Corporation, (iv) if sent by facsimile telecommunication, when sent to the facsimile transmission number for such director
appearing on the records of the Corporation, (v) if sent by electronic mail, when sent to the electronic mail address for such
Director appearing on the records of the Corporation, or (vi) if sent by any other form of electronic transmission, when sent
to the address, location or number (as applicable) for such Director appearing on the records of the Corporation.

-14-

5.2
Notice to Shareholders. Whenever under applicable law, the Articles or these Bylaws notice is required to be given to any shareholder,
such notice may be given (i) in writing and sent either by hand delivery, through the United States mail, or by a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service for next day delivery, or (ii) by means of a form of electronic transmission consented to by the shareholder,
to the extent permitted by, and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 7.05 of the MBCA. A notice to a shareholder shall
be deemed given as follows: (i) if given by hand delivery, when actually received by the shareholder, (ii) if sent through the
United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the shareholder at the
shareholders address appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, (iii) if sent for next day delivery by a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the shareholder at the
shareholders address appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, and (iv) if given by a form of electronic transmission
consented to by the shareholder to whom the notice is given and otherwise meeting the requirements set forth above, (A) if by facsimile
transmission, when directed to a number at which the shareholder has consented to receive notice, (B) if by electronic mail, when
directed to an electronic mail address at which the shareholder has consented to receive notice, (C) if by a posting on an electronic
network together with separate notice to the shareholder of such specified posting, upon the later of (1) such posting and (2) the
giving of such separate notice, and (D) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the shareholder. A shareholder
may revoke such shareholders consent to receiving notice by means of electronic communication by giving written notice of such
revocation to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic
transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known
to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or to the Corporations transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of
notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action.

5.3
Electronic Transmission. Electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the
physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may
be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process, including but not limited to transmission by telex,
facsimile telecommunication, electronic mail, telegram and cablegram.

5.4
Exceptions to Notice Requirements.

(a) Whenever notice is
required to be given under any provision of this chapter to any shareholder, the notice shall not be required to be given if (a)
notice of 2 consecutive annual meetings, and all notices of meetings during the period between the 2 consecutive annual meetings,
have been sent to the shareholder at the shareholders address as shown on the records of the corporation and have been returned
undeliverable; or (b) all, but not less than 2, payments of dividends on securities during a 12month period, or 2 consecutive
payments of dividends on securities during a period of more than 12 months, have been sent to the shareholder at the
shareholders address as shown on the records of the Corporation and have been returned undeliverable.

-15-

(b)
If the shareholder shall deliver to the Corporation a written notice setting forth the shareholders then-current address, the requirement
that notice be given to the shareholder shall be reinstated.

(c) If the
Corporation is unable to deliver notice to any shareholder to an address furnished by the shareholder for the purpose and the
inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation, the transfer agent or other person
responsible for the giving of notice, the Corporation shall take such action as shall be reasonable in the circumstances to inform
the shareholder of the inability and to request the shareholder to furnish a new address for the receipt of notices. Attempting to
contact the shareholder at such other address, if any, as the corporation may have for the shareholder is deemed reasonable. The
Corporation may continue to rely on the address last furnished by the shareholder for notice until it is furnished in writing a new
address for notice. The failure of the Corporation to take the action required by this subsection shall not invalidate any meeting
or other action.

ARTICLE VI 

OFFICERS AND AGENTS

6.1
Enumeration; Qualification. The officers of the Corporation shall be a President, a Treasurer, a Secretary,
and such other officers, if any, as the incorporators at their initial meeting, or the Directors from time to time, may in their discretion
elect or appoint. The Corporation may also have such agents, if any, as the incorporators at their initial meeting, or the Directors from
time to time, may in their discretion appoint. Any officer may be but none need be a Director or shareholder of the corporation. Any two
or more offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may be required by the Directors to give bond for the faithful performance
of such officers duties to the Corporation in such amount and with such sureties as the Directors may determine. Any number of
offices may be held by the same person unless the Articles or these Bylaws otherwise provide. Officers need not be shareholders or residents
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

6.2
Powers. Subject to law, to the Articles and to these Bylaws, each officer shall have, in addition to the duties and powers herein
set forth, such duties and powers as are commonly incident to such individuals office and such duties and powers as the Directors
may from time to time designate.

-16-

6.3
Appointment. The President, the Treasurer, the Secretary and other officers, if any, may be appointed by the Board of Directors at
any time.

6.4
Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Articles or by these Bylaws, each officer of the Corporation shall hold office
until such officer dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified unless a shorter period shall have been specified by the terms of
such officers appointment. Each agent shall retain authority as an agent at the pleasure of the directors.

6.5
Resignation and Removal. Any officer may resign at any time by delivering a resignation in writing to the President, the Secretary
or to a meeting of the Directors. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless specified to be effective at some other time.
The Directors may remove (whether or not such individual remains in a different capacity within the Corporation (either as an officer
or employee)) any officer elected by them with or without cause at any time. No officer resigning, and (except where a right to receive
compensation shall be expressly provided in a duly authorized written agreement with the Corporation) no officer removed, shall have the
right to any compensation as such officer for any period following such removal, or any right to damages on account of such removal, whether
such officers compensation be by the month or by the year or otherwise, unless the Directors in their discretion provide for compensation.

6.6
Vacancies. If the office of any officer becomes vacant, the Directors may elect or appoint a successor by vote of a majority of the
Directors present. Each such successor shall hold office until such individuals successor is chosen and qualified, or in each case
until the successor sooner dies, resigns, is removed (whether or not such individual remains in a different capacity within the Corporation
(either as an officer or an employee)) or becomes disqualified. Any vacancy occurring in any office appointed by any Chief Executive Officer
or President may be filled by any Chief Executive Officer, or President, as the case may be, unless the Board of Directors then determines
that such office shall thereupon be elected by the Board of Directors, in which case the Board of Directors shall elect such officer.

6.7
President. The President of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Directors, have general charge and supervision of
the business of the Corporation and, if the Chairman of the Board is unable to do so pursuant to Section 4.15 of these Bylaws, preside
at all meetings of the shareholders and of the Directors, unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise determine. Except as the Directors
may otherwise determine, the Corporations Chief Executive Officer, if any, shall also be the Corporations President.

6.8
Vice Presidents. Any Vice President(s) shall have the duties and powers specified in these Bylaws and such other duties and powers
as may be determined by the Directors.

6.9
Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. The Treasurer shall have the duties and powers specified in these Bylaws and shall have such other
duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the Directors. Any Assistant Treasurer(s) shall have such duties and powers
as shall be designated from time to time by the Directors.

-17-

6.10 Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The Secretary shall record all proceedings of the shareholders in a book or series of books to
be kept therefor, which book or books shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation or at the office of its transfer agent
or of its Secretary and shall be open at all reasonable times to the inspection of any shareholder. In the absence of the Secretary from
any meeting of shareholders, an Assistant Secretary, or if there be none or such Assistant Secretary is absent, a temporary Secretary
chosen at the meeting, shall record the proceedings thereof in the aforesaid book. Unless a transfer agent has been appointed, the Secretary
shall keep or cause to be kept the stock and transfer records of the Corporation, which shall contain the names and record addresses of
all shareholders and the amount of stock held by each. The Secretary shall keep a true record of the proceedings of all meetings of the
Directors and in the Secretarys absence from any such meeting an Assistant Secretary, or if there be none or such Assistant Secretary
is absent, a temporary Secretary chosen at the meeting, shall record the proceedings thereof. The Secretary shall also have such other
duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the Directors. Any Assistant Secretary shall have such other duties and powers
as shall be designated from time to time by the directors.

6.11 Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties commonly incident to that office (including, without
limitation, the care and custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, which from time to time may come into the Chief Financial
Officers hands and the deposit of the funds of the Corporation in such banks or trust companies as the Board, any Chief Executive
Officer or the President may authorize).

6.12 Other Officers. The Board of Directors may delegate the power to appoint such other officers and agents, and may also remove such
officers and agents or delegate the power to remove same, as it shall from time to time deem necessary or desirable.

ARTICLE VII 

CAPITAL STOCK

7.1 Number and Par Value. The total number of shares and the par value, if any, of each class of
stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue shall be as stated in the Articles.

7.2 
Stock Certificates. The Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that
some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporations stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution
shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of
shares of the Corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to a certificate stating the number and the class and the
designation of the series, if any, of the shares held by such shareholder, in such form as shall, in conformity to law, be
prescribed from time to time by the directors. Such certificate shall be signed by the President or a Vice President and by the
Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Such signatures may be facsimiles. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile
signature has been placed on such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be
issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such individual were such officer at the time of its issue. Each certificate
for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer pursuant to the Articles, these Bylaws, applicable
securities laws or any agreement among any number of shareholders or among such holders and the Corporation shall have conspicuously
noted on the face or back of the certificate either the full text of the restriction or a statement of the existence of such
restriction.

-18-

7.3 Multiple Classes of Stock. If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class
of stock or more than one series of any class, the Corporation shall (a) cause the powers, designations, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
of such preferences and/or rights to be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of any certificate that the Corporation issues
to represent shares of such class or series of stock or (b) in the case of uncertificated shares, within a reasonable time after
the issuance or transfer of such shares, send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to
be set forth on certificates as specified in clause (a) above; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided by applicable
law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of such certificate or, in the case of uncertificated
shares, on such written notice a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each shareholder who so requests the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences or rights.

7.4 Loss of Certificates. In the case of the alleged loss or destruction or the mutilation of a certificate
of stock, a duplicate certificate may be issued in place thereof, upon such conditions as the Directors may prescribe.

ARTICLE VIII 

TRANSFER OF SHARES OF STOCK

8.1 Transfer on Books. Subject to the restrictions, if any, stated or noted on the stock certificates,
shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate
therefor properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment and power of attorney properly executed, with necessary transfer stamps
affixed, and with such proof of the authenticity of signature as the directors or the transfer agent of the Corporation may reasonably
require. Except as may otherwise be required by law, by the Articles or by these Bylaws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the
record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right
to receive notice and to vote with respect thereto, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares
have been transferred on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the requirements of these Bylaws. It shall be the duty of each
shareholder to notify the Corporation of such shareholders address.

8.2 
Record Date and Closing Transfer Books. The Directors may fix in advance a time, which
shall not be more than 70 days before the date of any meeting of shareholders or the date for the payment of any dividend or making
of any distribution to shareholders or the last day on which the consent or dissent of shareholders may be effectively expressed for
any purpose, as the record date for determining the shareholders having the right to notice of and to vote at such meeting
and any adjournment thereof or the right to receive such dividend or distribution or the right to give such consent or dissent, and
in such case only shareholders of record on such record date shall have such right, notwithstanding any transfer of stock on the
books of the Corporation after the record date; or without fixing such record date the Directors may for any of such purposes close
the transfer books for all or any part of such period. If no record date is fixed and the transfer books are not closed:

(a)
The record date for determining shareholders having the right to notice of and to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close
of business on the date next preceding the date on which notice is given; and

(b)
The record date for determining shareholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of
Directors acts with respect thereto.

-19-

ARTICLE IX 

CORPORATE SEAL

9.1 Corporate Seal. The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal in a form approved by the Board of
Directors. The Corporation shall not be required to use the corporate seal and the lack of the corporate seal shall not affect an otherwise
valid contract or other instrument executed by the Corporation.

ARTICLE X 

EXECUTION OF PAPERS

10.1
Execution. Except as the Directors may generally or in particular cases authorize the execution
thereof in some other manner, all deeds, leases, transfers, contracts, bonds, notes, checks, drafts and other obligations made, accepted
or endorsed by the Corporation shall be signed by the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or by one of the Vice
Presidents or by the Treasurer.

ARTICLE XI 

FISCAL YEAR

11.1
Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on December 31.

ARTICLE XII 

AMENDMENTS

12.1 Amendment.
These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders called for the purpose, of
which the notice shall specify the subject matter of the proposed alteration, amendment or repeal or the sections to be affected
thereby, by vote of the shareholders, provided that any such action will require (a) until the Voting Threshold Date, the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon and (b)
from and after the Voting Threshold Date, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock entitled to vote thereon. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Board of Directors is expressly
authorized to alter, amend or repeal these Bylaws by vote of a majority of the Directors then in office, except that the Directors
shall not take any action which provides for indemnification of Directors nor any action to amend this Article XII, and except that
the Directors shall not take any action unless permitted by law. Any Bylaw so altered, amended or repealed by the Directors may be
further altered or amended or reinstated by the shareholders in the above manner.

Adopted and in effect as of December 31, 2024

-20-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex4-4_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 31, 2024, BY AND AMONG RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC., COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP. AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.4

WARRANT ASSIGNMENT, ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT
AGREEMENT

among

COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP.,

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

and

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

Dated December 31, 2024

THIS WARRANT ASSIGNMENT,
ASSUMPTION AND AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated December 31, 2024 and effective as of the effective
time of the SPAC Merger (as defined below), is made by and among Coliseum Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the SPAC),
Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (Holdco), and Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent), and amends
the Warrant Agreement (the Existing Warrant Agreement), dated June 22, 2021, by and between the SPAC and the Warrant
Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Existing Warrant Agreement.

WHEREAS, the SPAC issued and
sold (a) 5,000,000 redeemable warrants as part of the units sold to public investors in its initial public offering (the Public
Warrants), with each whole Public Warrant being exercisable for one Class A ordinary share of the SPAC, par value $0.0001 per
share (Class A Ordinary Shares) at an initial exercise price of $11.50 per share, and (b) 3,225,000 redeemable warrants
in a private placement transaction (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants),
with each whole Private Placement Warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an initial exercise price of $11.50 per share;

WHEREAS, in order to finance
the SPACs transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, Berto LLC or certain of the SPACs officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, from time to time loan to the SPAC such funds as the SPAC may require (the Working
Capital Loans);

WHEREAS, up to $1,500,000
of the Working Capital Loans are convertible into additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant;

WHEREAS, the terms of the Warrants are governed by the Existing
Warrant Agreement;

WHEREAS, on June 25, 2024,
the SPAC, Holdco, Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco (Merger Sub 1), and Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc., a Massachusetts
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco, entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement (as amended on August 22,
2024, and as may be further amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Business Combination Agreement, among other things, at the SPAC Merger Effective Time (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement) the SPAC will merge with and into Merger Sub 1, with Merger Sub 1 surviving such merger (the SPAC
Merger), and as a result of the SPAC Merger, at the SPAC Merger Effective Time (i) the holders of each ordinary share of
the SPAC shall each become holders of shares of Holdcos Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Holdco
Class A Common Stock) and (ii) the Warrants will be assumed by Holdco (each, a Holdco Warrant) and
will no longer be exercisable for Class A Ordinary Shares of SPAC but instead will be exercisable (subject to the terms of the
Existing Warrant Agreement, as amended by this Agreement) for shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock, at an initial exercise price of
$11.50;

WHEREAS, the Holdco Class
A Common Stock constitutes the Alternative Issuance pursuant to Section 4.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of the SPAC has determined that the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement will constitute
a Business Combination;

WHEREAS, in connection with
the SPAC Merger, the SPAC desires to assign all of its right, title and interest in the Existing Warrant Agreement to Holdco, and Holdco
wishes to accept such assignment; and

WHEREAS, Section 9.8 of the
Existing Warrant Agreement provides that the SPAC and the Warrant Agent may amend the Existing Warrant Agreement without the consent of
any Registered Holders for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or correcting any mistake or defective provision contained therein or
adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Existing Warrant Agreement as the parties
may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Assignment and Assumption; Consent.

1.1 Assignment and Assumption.
As of and with effect on and from the SPAC Merger Effective Time, (i) the SPAC hereby assigns to Holdco all of the SPACs right,
title and interest in and to the Existing Warrant Agreement (as amended hereby), and (ii) Holdco hereby assumes, and agrees to pay, perform,
satisfy and discharge in full, as the same become due, all of the SPACs liabilities and obligations under the Existing Warrant
Agreement (as amended hereby) arising on, from and after the SPAC Merger Effective Time.

1.2 Consent. The Warrant
Agent hereby consents to (i) the assignment of the Existing Warrant Agreement by the SPAC to Holdco pursuant to this Section 1
and the assumption of the Existing Warrant Agreement by Holdco from the SPAC pursuant to Section 1 hereof, in each case effective
as of the SPAC Merger Effective Time, and (ii) the continuation of the Existing Warrant Agreement (as amended hereby), in full force and
effect from and after the SPAC Merger Effective Time.

Section 2. Amendment of Existing Warrant Agreement.

2.1 Effective as of the SPAC
Merger Effective Time, the SPAC and the Warrant Agent hereby amend the Existing Warrant Agreement as provided in this Section 2,
and acknowledge and agree that the amendments to the Existing Warrant Agreement set forth in this Section 2 are to provide for
the delivery of the Alternative Issuance pursuant to Section 4.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement (in connection with the SPAC
Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement).

2.2 References to the Company.
The preamble to the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by deleting Coliseum Acquisition Corp. and replacing it
with Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. As a result thereof, all references to the Company in the
Existing Warrant Agreement shall be references to Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. rather than Coliseum Acquisition Corp.

2.3 References to the Private
Placement Warrants. The preamble to the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by removing references to the Private
Placement Warrants and by replacing the defined term Public Warrants with the defined term Warrants.

2.4 References to Ordinary
Shares. All references to the Ordinary Shares that holders of Warrants are entitled to purchase in the Existing Warrant
Agreement (including Exhibit B thereto) shall be references to Class A Common Stock of Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco,
Inc.

2

2.5 References to Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. All references to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association shall be references to the Amended and Restated Articles of Organization of Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc.

2.6 References to Business
Combination. All references to Business Combination in the Existing Warrant Agreement (including all Exhibits thereto)
shall be references to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, and references to the consummation
of its initial business combination, the completion by the Company of an initial business combination and all variations
thereof in the Existing Warrant Agreement (including all Exhibits thereto) shall be references to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement.

2.7 References to Sponsor.
All references to the Sponsor in the Existing Warrant Agreement (including all Exhibits thereto) shall be references to,
collectively, Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor LLC and Berto LLC and each of their affiliates.

2.8 Detachability of Warrants.
Section 2.4 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section and replacing it entirely as follows:

[intentionally omitted].

2.9 Fractional Warrants.
Section 2.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section and replacing it entirely as follows:

2.5 Fractional Warrants. The Company shall not
issue fractional Warrants.

2.10 Private Placement
Warrants. Section 2.6 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is amended by deleting such Section and replacing it entirely as follows:

[intentionally omitted].

2.11 Duration of Warrants.
Section 3.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is amended and restated by deleting it and inserting the following:

3.2 Duration of Warrants.
A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise Period) (A) commencing the date that is thirty
(30) days after December 31, and (B) terminating at the earliest to occur of (x) 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the date that is five
(5) years after December 31 and (y) if the Reference Value equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with
Section 4 hereof), Section 6.2 hereof, 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Redemption Date (as defined below) as provided
in Section 6.3 hereof (the Expiration Date); provided, however, that the exercise of
any Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection 3.3.2 below, with respect
to an effective registration statement or a valid exemption therefrom being available. Except with respect to the right to receive the
Redemption Price (as defined below) in the event of a redemption (as set forth in Section 6 hereof), each Warrant not exercised
on or before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement
shall cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the
Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice
of any such extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants; provided further that any such extension shall be identical in duration
among all the Warrants.

2.12 Exercise of Warrants.
Section 3.3.1(b) of the Existing Warrant Agreement is amended by deleting such Section and replacing it entirely as follows:

[intentionally omitted].

3

2.13 Extraordinary Dividends.
Section 4.1.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

4.1.2 Extraordinary Dividends.
If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pays to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class
A Common Stock a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets on account of such Class A Common Stock (or other
shares into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1 above or (b) Ordinary Cash Dividends
(as defined below) (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary Dividend), then
the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of
cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by the Companys board of directors (the Board), in
good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A Common Stock in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For
purposes of this subsection 4.1.2, Ordinary Cash Dividends means any cash dividend or cash distribution
which, when combined on a per share basis, with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class
A Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution to the extent it does not
exceed $0.50 (which amount shall be adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section
4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to the number of shares
of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant).

2.14 Raising of the Capital
in Connection with the Initial Business Combination. Section 4.4 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced
with the following:

[intentionally omitted].

2.15 Replacement of Securities
upon Reorganization, etc. Section 4.5(ii) of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended to remove the clause (other than
a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the Company as
provided for in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or as a result of the redemption of Ordinary Shares by
the Company if a proposed initial Business Combination is presented to the shareholders of the Company for approval), which clause
shall be deemed deleted.

2.16 Other Events.
Section 4.9 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended to remove the clause provided, however, that under
no circumstances shall the Warrants be adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.9 as a result of any issuance of securities in connection
with a Business Combination, which clause shall be deemed deleted.

2.17 Procedures for Surrender
of Warrants. Section 5.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended to remove the clause (as in the case of the Private
Placement Warrants), which clause shall be deemed deleted.

2.18 Fractional Warrants.
Section 5.3 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section and replacing it entirely as follows:

5.3 Fractional Warrants.
The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in the issuance of a warrant
certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a Warrant.

2.19 Transfer of Warrants.
Section 5.6 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

[intentionally omitted].

4

2.20 Redemption of Warrants
for Ordinary Shares. Section 6.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended to remove the clause (ii) if the Reference
Value is less than $18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof), the Private Placement Warrants
are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, which clause shall be deemed
deleted.

2.21 Exclusion of Private
Placement Warrants. Section 6.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

[intentionally omitted].

2.22 Notice Clause.
Section 9.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

Notices. Any notice, statement
or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant to or on the Company shall
be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within
five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with
the Warrant Agent), as follows:

Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco,
Inc.

1659 Chinaberry Ct.,

Naples, FL 34105

Attn: Paul Dacier

E-mail: paul@rainwatertech.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

TCF Law Group, PLLC

21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237

Newburyport, MA 01950

Attn: Stephen J. Doyle

E-mail: sdoyle@tcflaw.com

Any notice, statement or demand authorized
by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently
given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days
after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company),
as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

2.23 Amendments. Section
9.8 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

Amendments. This Agreement
may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or correcting
any mistake, including conforming the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Warrants and this Agreement set forth in
the Prospectus, or defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising
under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest
of the Registered Holders under this Agreement. All other modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase
the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period, shall require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of at least 65%
of the then outstanding Warrants.

5

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2, respectively,
without the consent of the Registered Holders.

2.24 Warrant Certificate.
Exhibit A to the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by deleting Exhibit A in its entirety and replacing it with a new
Exhibit A attached hereto.

Section 3. Miscellaneous Provisions.

3.1 Effectiveness of the
Amendment. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be expressly subject
to the occurrence of the SPAC Merger and shall automatically be terminated and shall be null and void if the Business Combination Agreement
shall be terminated for any reason.

3.2 Successors. All
the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of Holdco, the SPAC or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to
the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

3.3 Applicable Law and
Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of
the State of New York. Subject to applicable law, each of Holdco and the SPAC hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against
it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall
be exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. Each of Holdco and the SPAC hereby waives any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will
not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

3.4 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be
deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. A signed copy of this Agreement
delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of
an original signed copy of this Agreement.

3.5 Effect of Headings.
The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

3.6 Severability. This
Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

(Signature Page Follows)

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/
Oanh Truong

Name: Oanh Truong

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer and

Chief Financial Officer

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

By: /s/
Christopher Riley

Name: Christopher Riley

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST
COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: /s/ Keri-Ann Cuadros

Name: Keri-Ann Cuadros

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Warrant Assignment, Assumption
and Amendment Agreement]

7

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF WARRANT CERTIFICATE

See attached.

8

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[FACE]

Number ___

Warrants

THIS WARRANT SHALL BE NULL AND VOID IF NOT
EXERCISED PRIOR TO

THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED
FOR

IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

Incorporated Under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts

CUSIP 75080J111

Warrant Certificate

This warrant certificate (this
Warrant Certificate) certifies that , or registered assigns, is the registered holder of warrant(s)
evidenced hereby (the Warrants, and each, a Warrant) to purchase shares of
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Class A Common Stock), of Rain Enhancement
Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company). Each whole Warrant entitles the
holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that
number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock as set forth below, at the exercise price (the
Warrant Price) as determined pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money of the United
States of America (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) upon surrender of this
Warrant Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to below, subject to the
conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein
shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Each whole Warrant is initially exercisable for
one share of Class A Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any Warrant. If, upon the exercise of Warrants,
a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share of Class A Common Stock, the Company will, upon exercise, round
down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder. The number of shares of Class A
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the
Warrant Agreement.

The initial Warrant Price is equal to $11.50 per
share of Class A Common Stock. The Warrant Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Warrant
Agreement.

Subject to the conditions set forth in the Warrant
Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and, to the extent not exercised by the end of such Exercise
Period, such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, as set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as
though fully set forth at this place.

This Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless
countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.

This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

9

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

10

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[Reverse]

The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly
authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive shares of Class A Common Stock and are issued or to be issued
pursuant to a Warrant Agreement, dated June 22, 2021 as duly executed and delivered by Coliseum Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the SPAC), to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant
agent (the Warrant Agent), as amended by the Warrant Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated
as of December 31, 2024 by and among the SPAC, the Warrant Agent and the Company (as amended, the Warrant Agreement),
which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description
of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties, and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company, and the holders
(the words holders or holder meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder,
respectively) of the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by the holder hereof upon written request to the Company.

Warrants may be exercised at any time during the
Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise them by
surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of Election to Purchase set forth hereon properly completed and executed, together
with payment of the Warrant Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise as provided for in
the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced
hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the
holder hereof or his, her, or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised.

Notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant
Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless, at the time of exercise, (i) a registration statement covering
the shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act and (ii) a prospectus thereunder relating
to the shares of Class A Common Stock is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement.

The Warrant Agreement provides that, upon the
occurrence of certain events, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants set forth on the face
hereof may, subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share of Class A Common Stock, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of
shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the holder of the Warrant.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the
principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative or attorney
duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without
payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like
number of Warrants.

Upon due presentation for registration of transfer
of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing
in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the
limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof, and for
all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the Warrants
nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company.

11

Election to Purchase

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right,
represented by this Warrant Certificate, to __________ shares of Class A Common Stock, and herewith tenders payment for such shares
of Class A Common Stock to the order of the Company in the amount of $________________ in accordance with the terms hereof. The
undersigned requests that certificates for such shares of Class A Common Stock be registered in the name of _________ , whose
address is ________________ , and that such shares of Class A Common Stock be delivered to _________ , whose address is
________ . If said number of shares of Class A Common Stock is less than all of the shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable
hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such shares of Class A
Common Stock be registered in the name of _________ , whose address is _________ , and that such Warrant Certificate be
delivered to ___________ , whose address is _________ .

In the event that the Warrant has been called
for redemption by the Company pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Warrant Agreement and a holder thereof elects to exercise its Warrant pursuant
to a Make-Whole Exercise, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance
with subsection 3.3.1(c) or Section 6.2 of the Warrant Agreement, as applicable.

In the event that the Warrant is to be exercised
on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that
this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant may be exercised,
to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that this
Warrant is exercisable for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for such
cashless exercise and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the
right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive shares
of Class A Common Stock. If said number of shares of Class A Common Stock is less than all of the shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable
hereunder (after giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining
balance of such Class A Common Stock be registered in the name of__________ , whose address is __________ , and that such Warrant Certificate
be delivered to _________, whose address is ________.

[Signature Page Follows]

Date:

(Signature)

(Address)

(Tax Identification
Number)

Signature Guaranteed: 

THE
SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS, AND CREDIT
UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO RULE 17Ad-15 (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE) UNDER THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED).

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-1_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. AND EACH OF ITS OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 

This INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made as of December [], 2024, by and between Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company),
and [] (Indemnitee).

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become
more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate
protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their
service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company
(the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt
to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries
from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, directors, officers and other persons
in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating
to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself;

WHEREAS, the articles of organization (as
amended from time to time, the Articles) and bylaws (as amended from time to time, the Bylaws)
of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification
pursuant to applicable provisions of the Massachusetts Business Corporation Act (MBCA). The Articles, Bylaws
and the MBCA expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts
may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless,
exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such
insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the
increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders
and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary
for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that
they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Articles and Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor,
nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to
serve as an officer or director, advisor or in another capacity without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve
in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company
on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY Indemnitee will
serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for
so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders Indemnitees resignation or until Indemnitee
is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve
as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, in each case as provided in Section 18. This Agreement,
however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any
period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) agent shall mean
any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the
Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official
of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience
of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

(b) Beneficial Owner
and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
(as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Change in Control
shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third
Party. Any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing
fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person
results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would
not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

(ii) Change in Board of Directors.
Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election
by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who were
directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing
Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate
Transactions. The effective date of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination, involving the Company and one (1) or more businesses (a Business
Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the
individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty-one percent (51%) of the
combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns
the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one (1) or more Subsidiaries (as
defined below)) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the
securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding
any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of fifteen percent (15%)
or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of
the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a
majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time
of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

2

(iv) Liquidation. The approval
by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables
or escrows due (or, if such shareholder approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale,
or disposition in one (1) transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(v) Other Events. There occurs
any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor
rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether
or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(d) Corporate Status
describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(e) Disinterested Director
shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification
is sought by Indemnitee.

(f) Enterprise shall
mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation
or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
trustee, manager, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(g) Exchange Act shall
mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(h) Expenses shall
include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable
attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private
investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees,
fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending,
preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating
in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise
compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from
any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any
cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include
amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(i) fines shall include
any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(j) Independent Counsel
shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and that neither presently is,
nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party
(other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification
agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action
to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

3

(k) Massachusetts Court
shall mean the Business Litigation Session of the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

(l) Person shall have
the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however,
that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment
benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly,
by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company; and (iv) any trustee
or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company
or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
of stock of the Company.

(m) Proceeding shall
include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or
otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related
nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was
a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by Indemnitee or of any action (or failure to
act) on Indemnitees part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was
serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred
for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

(n) serving at the request of the
Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties
on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants
or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of
the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not
opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(o) Subsidiary, with
respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which
a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent
or otherwise) in any Proceeding (other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor, which is
addressed in Section 4 below) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified,
held harmless and exonerated to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties
and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect
of such Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good
faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of
a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT
OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as
a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees
behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company.

4

No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally
adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the
Massachusetts Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration for such Expenses
which the Massachusetts Court or such other court shall deem proper.

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO
IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that Indemnitee
was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise,
in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to
one (1) or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter
on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter
in such a Proceeding by dismissal, (with or without prejudice), summary judgment, settlement (with or without court approval), or upon
a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall be deemed, to the fullest extent permitted by law , to be a successful result as to
such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees
Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened to be made a party,
Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS
AND EXONERATION RIGHTS. Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any
Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments,
liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in
connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be
available under this Section 7 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty
to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation
of the law.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under
applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to
Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating
Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines,
penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring
Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at
any time against Indemnitee.

5

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement
of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement
provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee without any admission of liability or other wrongdoing
on the part of Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees, to the fullest extent
permissible under applicable law, to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may
be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee with respect
to such claim.

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision
in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless
or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received
by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with
respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement
provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the
purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, or for a clawback of compensation made pursuant
to and in accordance with the requirements of Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g)
hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including
any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other
indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company
provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company
under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are
unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) To the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable
law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt
by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding.
Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable
Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements
to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance
of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee,
to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless
or exonerated by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, the Bylaws, applicable law or otherwise. This Section
10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant
to Section 9.

6

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate
in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim
or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, liability, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without
Indemnitees prior written consent.

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION
FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company
in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any
Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement
of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which
it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written
application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered
from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application
for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12 (a) of
this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable
law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one (1) of the following
methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum
of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested
Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall
be delivered to Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy
of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that
Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been
denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days
after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect
to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request
any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee
and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons
or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement
to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

(b) In the event the determination of
entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall
be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall
request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the
identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of
Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board,
the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and
certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such
written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel
so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the
objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person
so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so
selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has
determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for
indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the
Company or Indemnitee may petition the Massachusetts Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company
or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person
selected by the Massachusetts Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed
shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration
pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in
such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

7

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees
and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims,
liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement
to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and
the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity
of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent
Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper
in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including
by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense
to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered
or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination
within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement
not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all
such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such thirty (30)-day period may be extended
for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect
to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or
information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any
claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall
not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or
create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that
Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good
faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of
account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, trustees,
general partners, managers or managing members of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel
for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member of
the Enterprise, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any
director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member of the Enterprise, by an independent certified public accountant or
by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general
partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way
the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this
Agreement.

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing
member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to
indemnification under this Agreement.

8

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made
pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of
Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt
by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last
sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution
payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3
or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance
with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Massachusetts Court to such indemnification, hold harmless,
exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration
to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration
Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Massachusetts law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply
to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have
been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, and exonerated and to receive
advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, and exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce
into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences
a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances
pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which
all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact,
or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request
for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting
in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement
are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by
all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold
harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten
(10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by
Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other
indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles, or the Bylaws now
or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of
Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding
or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

9

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee
at the legal rate under Massachusetts law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is
obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification,
to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment
is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide
security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other
collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE;
SUBROGATION.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this
Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the
Articles, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal
of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding
(regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or
related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration
or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles, the Bylaws or this Agreement,
it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change.
No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.
The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of
any other right or remedy.

(b) The MBCA, the Articles and the Bylaws permit
the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to,
providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee
against any liability asserted against Indemnitee or incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee or in such capacity as a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of Indemnitees status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power
to indemnify Indemnitee against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the MBCA, as it may then be in effect.
The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and
obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other
party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains
an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing
members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the
Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the
coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under
such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a
party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect,
the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the
respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of
Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

10

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement,
the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such
documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify,
hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount
Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate,
pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties
possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement,
and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or
has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person
or entity other than the Company.

17. SECTION 409A OF THE CODE. If Indemnitees
right to payment or reimbursement of indemnification or expenses pursuant to this Agreement would not be exempt from Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.0409A-1(b)(10), then (a)
the payment or reimbursement of indemnification and expenses provided or advanced to or for Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement in one
taxable year shall not affect the amount of indemnification and expenses provided or advanced to or for Indemnitee in any other taxable
year, (b) any reimbursement to Indemnitee of expenses under this Agreement shall be paid to Indemnitee on or before the last day of Indemnitees
taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred and (c) the right to advancement, reimbursement or payment of
indemnification and expenses under this Agreement may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. In addition, to the extent
that this Agreement is subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced so as to avoid any tax, penalty
or interest under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of this Section 17, Expenses shall be deemed to include, in addition
to those items included in the definition thereof in Section 2, any liability, loss, judgment, fine and amounts paid in settlement.

18. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements
and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company
or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue
thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding
commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, whether or not Indemnitee
is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided
under this Agreement. 

19. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or
provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any
Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is
not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to
the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to
applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the
provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement
containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

11

20. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that
it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director,
officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director,
officer or key employee of the Company or as an agent of another Enterprise.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee
under the Articles or Bylaws as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration
and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise
to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse,
assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor
(whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business
and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to
perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had
taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that
a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further
agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof,
without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance,
Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee
further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief,
including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other
undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of
Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest
extent permitted by law.

21. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement,
modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any
of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any
waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

22. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands
and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand
and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed on such delivery, or (ii) mailed by
certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated
on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

12

(b) If to the Company, to:

Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.

21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237,

Newburyport, MA 01950

Attention: Christopher Riley, Chief Executive Officer

Email: 

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

TCF Law Group, PLLC

21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237,

Newburyport, MA 01950

Attention: Stephen J. Doyle

Email: sdoyle@tcflaw.com

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in
writing by the Company.

23. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.
This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by
Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only
in the Massachusetts Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country;
(b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of
or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Massachusetts
Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Massachusetts Court
has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the
manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

24. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement
may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one (1) such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs
to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

25. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine
pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are
inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

26. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action
shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse,
heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause of
action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing
of a legal action within such two (2)-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable
to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

27. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation
of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will
enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is
obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one (1) or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies
to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the
Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy
or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer
under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to
provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys
directors and officers.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement
to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

RAIN ENHANCEMENT

TECHNOLOGIES, HOLDCO, INC.

By: []

Name: [] 

Title: []

INDEMNITEE:

By: []

Name: []

Address: []

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement - []]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-2_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 31, 2024, BY AND AMONG HOLDCO AND CERTAIN SHAREHOLDERS OF HOLDCO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

This Lock-Up Agreement (this Agreement)
is dated as of December 31, 2024, by and among Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (Holdco),
the shareholders of Holdco listed on the signature pages hereto under the heading Securityholders, each officer and director
of Holdco, the Company (as defined below) and SPAC (as defined below) and the other persons who enter into a joinder to this Agreement
substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto in order to become a Securityholder for purposes of this Agreement
(collectively, the Securityholders, and each individually, a Securityholder). Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement (as defined
below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Securityholders
own equity interests in Holdco pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below);

WHEREAS, on the date
hereof, Holdco consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination
Agreement) dated as of June 25, 2024, as amended on August 22, 2024, entered into by and among Holdco, Rain Enhancement Technologies,
Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), Coliseum Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the
SPAC), Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco (Merger
Sub 1), and Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Coliseum (Merger
Sub 2), pursuant to which, among other things, on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, SPAC merged with and into
the Merger Sub 1, with Merger Sub 1 surviving such merger, and on the Closing Date, following such merger and as a part of the same overall
transaction, Merger Sub 2 merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving such merger (the Business Combination);
and

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Business Combination, the parties hereto wish to set forth herein certain understandings between such parties with respect to
restrictions on the transfer of certain equity interests in Holdco acquired pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1. Subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 3, each Securityholder shall not, without the prior
written consent of the board of directors of the Company, (a) Transfer any Lock-up Shares until the end of the Shares Lock-up Period and
(b) Transfer any Lock-up Warrants until the end of the Warrants Lock-up Period.

2. As used herein:

(a) the term Transfer means (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, assign, transfer
(including by operation of law), hypothecate, pledge, distribute, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose
of, directly or indirectly, file (or participate in the filing of) a registration statement with the SEC (other than the Registration
Statement) or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to any Lock-up Securities,
(ii) deposit any Lock-up Securities into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement or grant any proxy or power of
attorney with respect thereto that is inconsistent with this Agreement, or (iii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers
to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Lock-up Securities, or (iv) publicly
announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clauses (i) through (iii);

(b) the term Lock-up Shares means any shares of Holdco Class A common stock, par value $0.0001
per share, or Holdco Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), held by a Securityholder
immediately after the Closing, and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the settlement or exercise of options, warrants, restricted
stock units, equity awards, or any other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock held by a Securityholder
immediately after the Closing, other than the shares of Common Stock underlying the Lock-up Warrants; provided that the term Lock-up
Shares will not apply to such number of shares of Common Stock held by the Previous Sponsor immediately following the SPAC Merger
Effective Time as reasonably determined by the SPAC is necessary to meet the initial listing requirements of Nasdaq;

(c) the term Lock-up Warrants means the SPAC Private Placement Warrants assumed by Holdco pursuant
to the Warrant Assumption Agreement at the SPAC Merger Effective Time, and any shares of Common Stock received upon exercise of such warrants;

(d) the term Lock-up Securities means the Lock-up Shares and Lock-up Warrants;

(e) the term Shares Lock-up Period means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending
on the earlier of (x) two (2) years after the Closing Date and (y) the date on which Holdco completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of Holdcos stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; and

(f) the term Warrants Lock-up Period means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending
on the earlier of (x) 30 days after the Closing Date and (y) the date on which Holdco completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of Holdcos stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property.

3. The restrictions set forth in Section 1 shall not apply
to:

(a) a Transfer to Holdcos directors or officers, any affiliates or family members of Holdcos
directors or officers, a Securityholder, any members of a Securityholder or any affiliate of a Securityholder;

(b) in the case of an individual, a Transfer by gift to a member of the individuals immediate family
(as defined below), or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the individual or a member of the individuals immediate family or
an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization;

(c) in the case of an individual, Transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the
individual;

(d) in the case of an individual, Transfers by operation of law or pursuant to a court order, such as a qualified
domestic relations order, divorce decree or separation agreement;

(e) in the case of an individual, Transfers to a partnership, limited liability company or other entity of
which the undersigned and/or the immediate family (as defined below) of the undersigned are the legal and beneficial
owner of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests;

2

(f) in the case of an entity that is a trust, Transfers to a trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the
estate of a beneficiary of such trust;

(g) in the case of an entity, Transfers by virtue of the laws of the state of the entitys organization
and the entitys organizational documents upon dissolution of the entity;

(h) Transfers relating to Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for Common Stock acquired in open market transactions after the Closing, provided that no such transaction is required to be, or is, publicly
announced (whether on Form 4, Form 5 or otherwise, other than a required filing on Schedule 13F, 13G or 13G/A) during the Lock-Up Period;

(i) the exercise of stock options or warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock or the vesting of stock awards
of Common Stock and any related transfer of shares of Common Stock to the Company in connection therewith (x) deemed to occur upon the
cashless or net exercise of such options or warrants or (y) for the purpose of paying the exercise price of
such options or warrants or for paying taxes due as a result of the exercise of such options or warrants, the vesting of such options,
warrants or stock awards, or as a result of the vesting of such shares of Common Stock, it being understood that all shares of Common
Stock received upon such exercise, vesting or transfer will remain subject to the restrictions of this Agreement during the Lock-Up Period;

(j) Transfers to the Company pursuant to any contractual arrangement in effect at the Closing that provides
for the repurchase by the Company or forfeiture of Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
Common Stock in connection with the termination of the Securityholders service to the Company;

(k) the entry, by the Securityholder, at any time after the Closing, of any trading plan providing for the
sale of shares of Common Stock by the Securityholder, which trading plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-l(c) under the Exchange Act,
provided, however, that such plan does not provide for, or permit, the sale of any shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up
Period and no public announcement or filing is voluntarily made or required regarding such plan during the Lock-Up Period; and

(l) Transfers in the event of completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Companys securityholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities
or other property.

provided, however, that
(A) in the case of clauses (a) through (g), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement, in substantially the form
of this Agreement (it being understood that any references to immediate family in the agreement executed by such transferee
shall expressly refer only to the immediate family of the Securityholder and not to the immediate family of the transferee), agreeing
to be bound by these Transfer restrictions. For purposes of this Section 3, immediate family shall mean a spouse,
domestic partner, child (including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the undersigned, and lineal descendant (including
by adoption) of the undersigned or of any of the foregoing persons; and affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Rule
405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

4. For the avoidance of doubt, each Securityholder shall retain all of its rights as a stockholder of Holdco
with respect to the Lock-up Securities during the Lock-Up Period, including the right to vote any Lock-up Securities that are entitled to vote.

3

5. In furtherance of the foregoing, Holdco, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or
transfer of the securities described therein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would
constitute a violation or breach of this Agreement, and such purported Transfer shall be null and void ab initio. In addition,
during the Shares Lock-Up Period and Warrants Lock-up Period, each certificate or book-entry position evidencing the Lock-Up Securities
shall be marked with a legend in substantially the following form, in addition to any other applicable legends:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT
TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN A LOCK-UP AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG THE ISSUER AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THE SECURITIES (OR THE
PREDECESSOR IN INTEREST TO THE SECURITIES). A COPY OF SUCH LOCK-UP AGREEMENT WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDER
HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

6. Following the Closing Date, the Company and Holdco will indemnify, exonerate and hold harmless each Sponsor,
and their respective shareholders, members, directors, managers and officers, from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, liabilities, losses, damages and costs and out-of-pocket expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses) (Indemnified Liabilities) incurred by such Sponsor arising out of any third-party action, cause
of action, suit, litigation, investigation, inquiry, arbitration or claim relating to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement that names the Sponsor as a defendant (or co-defendant) arising from the Sponsors ownership of equity interests of the
SPAC or its alleged, purported or actual control or ability to influence the SPAC; provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to (i)
any Indemnified Liabilities to the extent arising out of any breach by the Sponsor or its shareholders, members, directors, managers and
officers of this Agreement or any other agreement between the Sponsor or its shareholders, members, directors, managers and officers,
on the one hand, and the Company, Holdco or the SPAC or any of their respective subsidiaries, on the other hand or (ii) the willful misconduct,
gross negligence or fraud of the Sponsor or its shareholders, members, directors. managers and officers. The provisions of this Section
6 are (x) intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each Sponsor and each Sponsors heirs, legatees, representatives,
successors and assigns, and shall be binding on all successors and assigns of Holdco and may not be terminated or amended in any manner
adverse to such Sponsor without its prior written consent and (y) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification
or contribution that any such Sponsor may have by contract or otherwise.

7. Holdco represents that it has not entered into any side letter or agreement with any Securityholder which
provides any rights or benefits to such Securityholder that are materially more favorable to such Securityholder than the rights and benefits
in this Agreement and will not enter into any such side letter or agreement unless such rights and benefits are also offered to the other
Securityholders. Holdco agrees that this Agreement shall not be amended or modified, and no terms or conditions thereof waived, in a manner
that benefits any Securityholder, unless the terms of such amendment, modification or waiver is also offered to the other Securityholders.

8. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written
or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated
hereby provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect the rights and obligations of the parties under the
Business Combination Agreement or any documents related thereto or referred to therein. This Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified
or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the
undersigned (i) Securityholder and (ii) Holdco.

4

9. No party hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section 9 shall be void and
ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Agreement shall be binding
on the Securityholder and each of its respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

10. The Law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall govern (a) all claims or matters related to or arising
from this Agreement (including any tort or non-contractual claims) and (b) any questions concerning the construction, interpretation,
validity and enforceability of this Agreement, and the performance of the obligations imposed by this Agreement, in each case without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the Law of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

11. Each party hereto submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of first, the Business Litigation Session of the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or if such court declines jurisdiction, then to any court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
or the Federal District Court for the District of Massachusetts, in any Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, agrees
that all claims in respect of the Proceeding shall be heard and determined in any such court and agrees not to bring any Proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Agreement in any other courts. Nothing in this Section 11, however, shall affect the right of any party
to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law or at equity. Each party hereto agrees that a final judgment in any Proceeding
so brought shall be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law or at equity. EACH PARTY
HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF
THE PARTIES (WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THIS AGREEMENT,
THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE RELATIONSHIPS ESTABLISHED AMONG THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT
SUCH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS
FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

12. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this
Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of
the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or in equity without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money
damages as a remedy and without bond or other security being required, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity. Each of the parties hereto hereby further acknowledges that the existence of any other remedy
contemplated by this Agreement does not diminish the availability of specific performance of the obligations hereunder or any other
injunctive relief. It is accordingly agreed that the parties hereto shall
be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
of this Agreement in the Business Litigation Session of the Superior Court or any other state or federal court within the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, this being in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled at law or in equity. Each party hereto hereby
further agrees that in the event of any action by any other party for specific performance or injunctive relief, it will not assert that
a remedy at law or other remedy would be adequate or that specific performance or injunctive relief in respect of such breach or violation
should not be available on the grounds that money damages are adequate or any other grounds.

13. This Agreement shall terminate on the expiration of the Shares
Lock-up Period, except for the covenant in Section 6, which shall survive termination of this Agreement.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

5

In Witness Whereof, each of the parties has duly executed this Lock-Up
Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Holdco: 

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

/s/ Paul T. Dacier 

Name: Paul. T. Dacier 

Title: President 

[Signature Page
to the Lock-Up Agreement]

6

In Witness Whereof, each of the parties has duly executed
this Lock-Up Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Securityholders: 

COLISEUM ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC 

/s/ Daniel Haimovic 

Name: Daniel Haimovic 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

ISLAEA INVESTMENTS LLP 

/s/ Niccolo de Masi 

Name: Niccolo de Masi 

Title: General Partner 

RAINWATER, LLC 

/s/ Paul Dacier 

Name: Paul Dacier 

Title: President 

Harry You MSSB C/F Harry L You Roth IRA 

/s/ Harry You 

Name: Harry You 

Title: Member 

RHY 2021 Irrevocable Trust 

/s/ Harry You 

Name: Harry You 

Title: Trustee 

Berto LLC 

/s/ Harry You 

Name: Harry You 

Title: Member 

[Signature Page to the Lock-Up Agreement]

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-5_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF JOINDER BY AND AMONG THE EXTENSION NON-REDEEMING SHAREHOLDERS AND COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.5

JOINDER

TO

LETTER
AGREEMENT

AND

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

December
, 2024

Reference is made to that
certain Non-Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2023 (the Agreement), by and among [] (Investor),
Coliseum Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Harry L. You (the Insider), pursuant to which Investor
agreed not to exercise Redemption Rights with respect to certain Investor Shares and, in consideration therefor acquired securities of
the Company upon the consummation of the Companys Initial Business Combination. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement.

By executing this joinder, Investor
hereby agrees, as of the date first set forth above, that Investor (i) shall become a party to that certain Letter Agreement, dated
June 22, 2021, by and among the Company, the Previous Sponsor and the Companys officers and directors (as it may be amended
from time to time, the Letter Agreement), in accordance with Section 9 of the Letter Agreement, and shall be
bound by, and shall, subject to the acknowledgment below, be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth under Section 7 of the
Letter Agreement solely with respect to its New Shares in the same manner as if Investor was an Insider original signatory
to the Letter Agreement; provided, however, that the Investor shall be permitted to transfer its New Shares to its affiliates in accordance
with Section 7 of the Letter Agreement; and (ii) shall become a party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 22,
2021, by and among the Company, its officers and directors and the Previous Sponsor (as it may be amended from time to time, including
in connection with the Initial Business Combination, the Registration Rights Agreement), and shall be bound by the
terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder (as defined therein) and entitled to the rights of a Holder under
the Registration Rights Agreement and the New Shares (together with any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect
to any such New Shares by way of a share dividend or share subdivision or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization,
merger, consolidation or reorganization) shall be Registrable Securities thereunder.

For the purposes of clarity,
it is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained herein, in the Letter Agreement (to the extent applicable to Investor)
and the Registration Rights Agreement is between the Company and Investor, solely, and not between and among Investor and the other shareholders
of the Company signatory thereto.

This joinder may be executed
in two or more counterparts, and by electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000,
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other
transmission method, all of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

INVESTOR

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name: Oanh Truong

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Joinder to Letter Agreement
and Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-6_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 31, 2024, BY AND AMONG RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. AND EACH OF THE STOCKHOLDERS OF RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. IDENTIFIED ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement
(this Agreement), dated as of December 31, 2024, is made and entered into by and among Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Previous Sponsor), Berto LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the New Sponsor
and, together with the Previous Sponsor, the SPAC Sponsors), the executive officers and directors of SPAC as of immediately
prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below) (such executive officers
and directors, together with the SPAC Sponsors, the Sponsor Parties), certain shareholders of the Company set forth
on Schedule 1 hereto, and the executive officers and directors of the Company as of immediately following the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (such Company shareholders and executive officers and directors, collectively,
the Company Holders) (each such Sponsor Party or Company Holder and any other Person (as defined below) who hereafter
becomes a party to this Agreement, each a Holder, and, collectively, the Holders). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement (as
defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company
is party to that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2024 (the Business Combination Agreement),
by and among the Company, Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (Rainwater), Rainwater
Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub 1),
Rainwater Merger Sub 2, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub 2),
and Coliseum Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (SPAC), pursuant to which, among other things,
SPAC merged with and into Merger Sub 1, with Merger Sub 1 surviving such merger, and Merger Sub 2 merged with and into Rainwater, with
Rainwater surviving such merger (together, the Business Combination);

WHEREAS, SPAC, the
Sponsor Affiliate, and certain Holders are parties to those certain Non-Redemption Agreements, pursuant to which such Holders agreed not
to redeem SPAC Public Shares held by them in connection with an amendment to the SPAC Organizational Documents and, as consideration therefor,
such Holders received shares of SPAC immediately prior to the Business Combination;

WHEREAS, as a result
of the Business Combination, the Holders were issued securities of the Company, all on the terms and conditions set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Sponsor Parties and SPAC are
parties to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2021 (the Prior Agreement);

WHEREAS, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the parties to the Prior Agreement desire to terminate the Prior
Agreement and all rights and obligations created pursuant thereto will be terminated;

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Business Combination, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant
the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this Article
I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Additional Holder Class A Common Stock
shall have the meaning given in Section 5.12.

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, such other principal executive officer, the Chief Financial Officer, or the principal financial officer of the Company,
after consultation with outside counsel to the Company, (a) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in
order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any Misstatement, (b) would not be required to be made at
such time but for the filing, effectiveness or continued use of such Registration Statement or Prospectus, as the case may be, and (c)
the Company has (x) a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public or (y) determined the premature disclosure of
such information would materially adversely affect the Company.

Agreement shall have the meaning given
in the Preamble.

Board shall mean the board of directors
of the Company.

Block Trade shall have the meaning given
in subsection 2.6.1.

Business Combination Agreement shall
have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Claims shall have the meaning given
in subsection 4.1.1.

Closing Date shall mean the date of
this Agreement.

Commission shall mean the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have the meaning given
in the Preamble.

Company Class A
Common Stock shall mean the Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

Company Class B
Common Stock shall mean the Class B common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

Company Common Stock
shall mean, collectively, the Company Class A Common Stock and the Company Class B Common Stock.

Demanding Holders
shall mean the applicable Holders having the right to make, and actually making, a written demand for an Underwritten Offering of Registrable
Securities pursuant to subsection 2.1.5.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Form S-1 Shelf
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 Shelf shall have the meaning given in subsection
2.1.2.

Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto.

2

Lock-Up Period
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Lock-Up Agreement, dated December 31, 2024 by and among the Company and the Holders
party thereto.

Maximum Number of Securities shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.1.6.

Minimum Amount shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.5.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus and any preliminary Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading.

Non-Redemption Agreements
shall mean those certain Non-Redemption Agreements dated as of November 22, 2023, by and among the SPAC, the Sponsor Affiliate, and certain
shareholders of the SPAC.

Other Coordinated Offering shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.6.1.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean a Person to whom the Holders party to the Lock-Up Agreement are permitted to transfer Registrable Securities prior to the expiration
of the Lock-Up Period with respect to the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder pursuant to the terms of the Lock-Up Agreement.

Person
shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture, an association, a joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated organization, governmental or political subdivision or agency, or any other entity of whatever nature.

Piggyback Registration shall have the
meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Prior Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) any shares of Company Class A Common Stock and Warrants held by a Holder as of the Closing Date (including the Company
Class A Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants, conversion of the Company Class B Common Stock, or the exercise
or conversion of any other equity security issued to a Holder pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement), (b) any shares
of Company Class A Common Stock acquired by a Holder following the Closing Date to the extent that such shares are (i) restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144), (ii) held by an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company, or (iii)
otherwise cannot be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or any successor rule promulgated under the Securities Act with no volume or other restrictions
or limitations as to the manner or timing of sale, (c) any Additional Holder Class A Common Stock, and (d) any other equity security of
the Company issued or issuable with respect to the securities referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) through (c) by way of a share dividend
or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization or otherwise;
provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities
upon the earliest to occur of: (i) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under
the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration
Statement by the applicable Holder; (ii) (x) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, (y) new certificates for such securities
not bearing (or book entry positions not subject to) a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company to
the Holder and (z) subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (iii) such
securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (iv) such securities may be sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged without registration
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no
volume or other restrictions or limitations as to the manner or timing of sale); or (v) such securities have been sold to, or through,
a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

3

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a Registration Statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such Registration Statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses
shall mean the documented, out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(a) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Company Class A Common Stock or Warrants are then
listed;

(b) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue-sky laws (including reasonable and documented
fees and disbursements of outside counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(c) printing, messenger, telephone, delivery and road show or other marketing expenses;

(d) reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(e) reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the
Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration;

(f) reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the Company to render
any local counsel opinions in connection with the applicable Registration; and

(g) reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel (not to exceed $25,000 in the aggregate
for each Registration without the prior written approval of the Company) selected by (i) the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders
initiating an Underwritten Offering, or (ii) the majority-in-interest of participating Holders under Section 2.3 if the Registration
was initiated by the Company for its own account or that of a Company shareholder other than pursuant to rights under this Agreement,
in each case to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement
shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the
Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration
statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Shelf shall mean a Form S-1 Shelf or
Form S-3 Shelf.

SPAC shall have the meaning given in
the Preamble.

SPAC Class A Ordinary Share means a
Class A ordinary share, par value $0.001 per share, of the SPAC.

SPAC Organizational
Documents means SPACs Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended and as may be further
amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.

SPAC Public Shares
means the SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares initially included in the SPAC Units sold by the SPAC in the SPACs initial public offering.

SPAC Sponsors shall have the meaning
given in the Recitals.

4

Transfer
shall mean the (a) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase
or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position
or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the
rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement
that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction
is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction
specified in clause (a) or (b).

Transfer Agent shall have the meaning
given in Section 3.6.

Sponsor Parties shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Demand Notice shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.1.5.

Underwritten Offering
shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution
to the public.

Warrant Agreement
shall mean that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2021, by and between SPAC and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
as warrant agent, as assumed by the Company in connection with the Business Combination.

Warrants
shall mean the warrants of the Company, each exercisable for one share of Company Class A Common Stock at an initial exercise price of
$11.50 per share, which were assumed by the Company in the Business Combination and are governed by the terms of the Warrant Agreement.

ARTICLE II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Shelf Registration.

2.1.1 Filing.
The Company shall (i) file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date to permit
the public resale of all the Registrable Securities held by the Holders from time to time as permitted by Rule 415 under the Securities
Act (or any successor or similar provision adopted by the Commission then in effect) on the terms and conditions specified in this subsection
2.1.1 and (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective as soon as practicable
and in any event within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date; provided, that the Company shall have the Registration Statement declared
effective within five (5) Business Days after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission
staff that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review by the Commission. The Registration
Statement filed with the Commission pursuant to this subsection 2.1.1 shall be a shelf registration statement on Form S-1 (a Form
S-1 Shelf) or such other form of registration statement as is then available to effect a registration for resale of such Registrable
Securities, covering such Registrable Securities, and shall contain a Prospectus in such form as to permit any Holder to sell such Registrable
Securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor or similar provision adopted by the Commission then in effect)
at any time beginning on the effective date for such Registration Statement. A Registration Statement filed pursuant to this subsection
2.1.1 shall provide for the resale pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, the Holders.
The Company shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be
necessary to cause a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this subsection 2.1.1 to remain effective and available (including
to add Registrable Securities held by a Holder or to add as selling stockholders any Permitted Transferees) for the resale of all the
Registrable Securities held by the Holders until all such Registrable Securities have ceased to be Registrable Securities.

5

2.1.2 Conversion to Form S-3. The Company shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 Shelf filed pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 to a shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 (a Form S-3 Shelf) as promptly as practicable after the Company is eligible
to use a Form S-3 Shelf and have the Form S-3 Shelf declared effective as promptly as practicable and to cause such Form S-3 Shelf
to remain effective, and to be supplemented and amended to the extent necessary to ensure that such Registration Statement is
available or, if not available, that another Registration Statement is available, for the resale of all the Registrable Securities
held by the Holders until all such Registrable Securities have ceased to be Registrable Securities.

2.1.3 Subsequent Shelf. If any Shelf ceases to be
effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time while Registrable Securities are still outstanding, the Company shall,
subject to Section 3.4, use its reasonable best efforts to, as promptly as practicable, cause such Shelf to again become
effective under the Securities Act and shall use its reasonable best efforts to, as promptly as practicable, amend such Shelf in a
manner reasonably expected to result in the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Shelf or file an additional
Registration Statement as a shelf registration to register the resale of all Registrable Securities (a Subsequent
Shelf). If a Subsequent Shelf is filed, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent
Shelf to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof (it being
agreed that the Subsequent Shelf shall be an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the
Securities Act) if the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) at the
most recent applicable eligibility determination date) and (ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf continuously effective, available for use
to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions of
the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities. Any such Subsequent Shelf shall be on Form S-3
to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf shall be on another appropriate form.
The Companys obligation under this subsection 2.1.3, shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to Section
3.4.

2.1.4 Additional Registrable Securities; Additional
Holders. At any time and from time to time that a Shelf or Subsequent Shelf is effective, if a Holder requests (i) the
registration under the Securities Act of additional Registrable Securities pursuant to such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf or (ii) that
such Holder or any of its Affiliates be added as a selling stockholder in such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf, the Company shall as
promptly as practicable amend or supplement the Registration Statement to cover such additional Registrable Securities and/or Holder
or Holder Affiliate.

2.1.5 Underwritten Demands. At any time
following the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, if applicable, any Holder (a Demanding Holder) may demand that
the Company effect an Underwritten Offering of all or a portion of its Registrable Securities, whether through to a Prospectus filed
pursuant to an existing Shelf or Subsequent Shelf or a newly filed Registration Statement; provided that the Company shall
only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Offering for such Demanding Holder(s) if such Underwritten Offering shall (i) include
Registrable Securities proposed to be sold by the Demanding Holder, either individually or together with other Demanding Holders,
with gross offering proceeds reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate, $15 million or (ii) cover all of the remaining
Registrable Securities held by the Demanding Holder, provided that the gross offering proceeds is reasonably expected to exceed $5
million in the aggregate (both of the thresholds described in (i) and (ii), the Minimum Amount). All such
demands for an Underwritten Offering shall be made by giving written notice to the Company (the Underwritten Demand
Notice). Each Underwritten Demand Notice shall specify the approximate number of Registrable Securities proposed to be
sold in the Underwritten Offering and the expected price range (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) of such Underwritten
Offering, as well as the intended method of distribution. The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of
the Underwritten Demand Notice, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of
Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a
Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by
such Holder of the notice from the Company and shall be deemed to be a Demanding Holder for all purposes of this
Agreement. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.3 and subsection 2.1.6, the Company shall include in such
Underwritten Offering all Registrable Securities of such Demanding Holder(s) described in the Underwritten Demand Notice. The
Company shall, together with all participating Holders of Registrable Securities of the Company proposing (and permitted) to
distribute their securities through such Underwritten Offering, enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form for such
Underwritten Offering with the managing Underwriter or Underwriters selected by the original Demanding Holder(s) (which shall
consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks), subject to the Companys prior approval (which shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The Company shall not be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three
(3) Underwritten Offerings.

6

2.1.6 Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If
the managing Underwriter or Underwriters, in good faith, advises the Company and the Demanding Holders, in writing that, in its
opinion, the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders desire to sell, taken together with all
other Company Class A Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell for its own account and the Company
Class A Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written
contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders of the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum
dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in such Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the
proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar
amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company
shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (a) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders pro rata
based on the number of securities requested to be sold that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (b)
second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (a), the Company Class A
Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell for its own account, which can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Securities; and (c) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the
foregoing clauses (a) and (b), the Company Class A Common Stock or other equity securities of other Persons that the Company is
obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such Persons and that can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.7 Withdrawal. A majority in interest of the
Demanding Holders initiating an Underwritten Offering shall have the right to withdraw its Registrable Securities included in an
Underwritten Offering pursuant to subsection 2.1.5 for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company
and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of its intention to so withdraw at any time up to one business (1) day prior to the
filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used for marketing such Underwritten
Offering; provided, however, that upon withdrawal of an amount of Registrable Securities included by the Holders in
such Underwritten Offering, in their capacity as Demanding Holders, resulting in the gross offering proceeds of such Underwritten
Offering being reasonably expected to be less than the Minimum Amount, the Company shall cease all efforts to effect the
Underwritten Offering; provided, further, that a Sponsor Party or a Company Holder may elect to have the Company
continue an Underwritten Offering if the Minimum Amount would still be satisfied by the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold
in the Underwritten Offering by such Sponsor Party, Company Holder or any of their respective Permitted Transferees, as applicable.
If withdrawn, a demand for an Underwritten Offering shall constitute a demand for an Underwritten Offering by the withdrawing
Demanding Holder for purposes of subsection 2.1.5, unless such Demanding Holder reimburses the Company for all Registration
Expenses with respect to such Underwritten Offering (or, if there is more than one Demanding Holder, each Demanding Holder
reimburses the Company for a pro rata portion of such Registration Expenses based on the respective number of Registrable Securities
that each Demanding Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering); provided that, if an Demanding Holder
elects to continue an Underwritten Offering pursuant to the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence, such Underwritten
Offering shall instead count as an Underwritten Offering demanded by such Sponsor Party or such Company Holder, as applicable, for
purposes of subsection 2.1.5. Following the receipt of any withdrawal notice, the Company shall promptly forward such
withdrawal notice to any other Holders that had elected to participate in such Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with an
Underwritten Offering prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.7, other than if a Demanding Holder elects to pay
such Registration Expenses pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence.

7

2.2 Piggyback
Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights. If the Company proposes
to conduct a registered offering of, or to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to, an offering of
Company Class A Common Stock (including equity securities exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, Company Class A
Common Stock), for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company, other than a Registration Statement (or other
registered offering with respect thereto) (a) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (b) on Form
S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto) or
Form S-8, or any successor forms, (c) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing
shareholders, (d) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company, (e) for a dividend reinvestment
plan or similar plans, (f) filed pursuant to Section 2.1, (g) for a rights offering, (h) for an equity line of credit or an
at-the-market offering of securities, or (i) for a block trade or other coordinated offering, then the Company shall give written
notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable (but not less than ten (10)
days prior to the anticipated filing by the Company with the Commission of any Registration Statement with respect thereto or, in
the case of any offering pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus
supplement used for marketing such offering), which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in
such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution (including whether such registration will be pursuant to a shelf registration
statement), the proposed date of filing of such Registration Statement with the Commission and the name of the proposed managing
Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, in each case to the extent then known, (B) describe such Holders
rights under this Section 2.2 and (C) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the
sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such
written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration); provided, in the case of an
overnight or bought offering, such requests must be made by the Holders within two (2) business days
after delivery of any such notice by the Company; provided further that if the Company has been advised in writing by the managing
Underwriter(s) that the inclusion of Registrable Securities for sale for the benefit of the Holders will have an adverse effect on
the price, timing, or distribution of the Company Class A Common Stock in an Underwritten Offering, then (1) if no Registrable
Securities can be included in the Underwritten Offering in the opinion of the managing Underwriter(s), the Company shall not be
required to offer such opportunity to such Holders or (2) if any Registrable Securities can be included in the Underwritten Offering
in the opinion of the managing Underwriter(s), then the amount of Registrable Securities to be offered for the accounts of Holders
shall be determined based on the provisions of subsection 2.2.2. Subject to the foregoing proviso and to subsection
2.2.2, the Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities identified in a Holders response notice
described in the foregoing sentence to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection
2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company or
Company shareholder(s) for whose account the Registration Statement is to be filed included in such Registration and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such
Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1,
subject to Section 3.3 and Article IV, shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the
Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company or Company shareholder(s) for whose account the Registration
Statement is to be filed. For purposes of this Section 2.2, the filing by the Company of an automatic shelf registration
statement for offerings pursuant to Rule 415(a) that omits information with respect to any specific offering pursuant to Rule 430B
shall not trigger any notification or participation rights hereunder until such time as the Company amends or supplements such
Registration Statement to include information with respect to a specific offering of Registrable Securities (and such amendment or
supplement shall trigger the notice and participation rights provided for in this Section 2.2).

8

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If a
Piggyback Registration is to be an Underwritten Offering and the managing Underwriter or Underwriters, in good faith, advises the
Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that, in its opinion, the
dollar amount or number of the Company Class A Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, taken
together with (a) the Company Class A Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with Persons other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (b)
the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (c) the Company
Class A Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written
contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

2.2.2.1 if the Registration or registered offering is
undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (a) first, the Company Class A Common
Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell for its own account, which can be sold without exceeding the
Maximum Number of Securities; (b) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the
foregoing clause (a), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities
pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, pro rata based on the number of securities requested to be included, which can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (c) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been
reached under the foregoing clauses (a), and (b), the Company Class A Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which
Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company,
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and

2.2.2.2 if the Registration or registered offering is
pursuant to a request by Persons other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such
Registration (a) first, the Company Class A Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting Persons, other than
the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (b) second, to the
extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (a), the Registrable Securities of
Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, pro rata based
on the number of securities requested to be included, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (c)
third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), the Company
Class A Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell for its own account, which can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (d) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), the Company Class A Common Stock or other equity securities of other Persons that the
Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such Persons, which can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

2.2.2.3 if the Registration or registered offering is
pursuant to a request by Holder(s) of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2.1, then the Company shall include in any
such Registration or registered offering the securities in the priority set forth in subsection 2.1.6.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any
Holder of Registrable Securities (other than a Demanding Holder, whose right to withdraw from an Underwritten Offering, and related
obligations, shall be governed by subsection 2.1.7) shall have the right to withdraw all or any portion of its Registrable
Securities in a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter
or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw such Registrable Securities from such Piggyback Registration up to
(a) in the case of a Piggyback Registration not involving an Underwritten Offering, one (1) day prior to the effective date of the
applicable Registration Statement or (b), in the case of any Piggyback Registration involving an Underwritten Offering, one (1)
business day prior to the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement with respect to
such Piggyback Registration used for marketing such transaction. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the
result of a request for withdrawal by Persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration
Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such
Registration Statement. The Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback
Registration prior to and including its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For
purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant
to an Underwritten Offering effected under subsection 2.1.5.

9

2.3 Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (a)
during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing
of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated Registration and
provided that the Company continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration
Statement to become effective; (b) the Holders have demanded an Underwritten Offering and the Company and the Holders are unable to
obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (c) in the good faith judgment of the Board a Registration
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is
essential to delay the filing of the applicable Registration Statement at such time, the Company shall have the right, upon giving
prompt written notice of such action to the affected Holders (which notice shall not specify the nature of the event giving rise to
such delay or suspension), delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the
shortest period of time determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose.

2.4 Lock-Up Period. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Registration shall be required to be effected and no Registration Statement shall be
required to become effective, with respect to any Registrable Securities held by any Holder, until after the expiration of the
Lock-Up Period with respect to such Registrable Securities.

2.5 Market Stand-off. In connection with any
Underwritten Offering of equity securities of the Company (other than a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering), if reasonably
requested by the managing Underwriters, each Holder that is (a) an executive officer, (b) a director or (c) Holder in excess of five
percent (5%) of the outstanding Company Common Stock (and for which it is customary for such a Holder to agree to a lock-up) agrees
that it shall not Transfer any shares of Company Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company (other than those included
in such offering pursuant to this Agreement), without the prior written consent of the Company, during the ninety (90)-day period
(or such shorter time agreed to by the managing Underwriters) beginning on the date of pricing of such offering, except as expressly
permitted by such lock-up agreement or in the event the managing Underwriters otherwise agree by written consent. Each such Holder
agrees to execute a customary lock-up agreement in favor of the Underwriters to such effect (in each case on substantially the same
terms and conditions as all such Holders).

2.6 Block Trades; Other Coordinated Offerings.

2.6.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article
II, but subject to Section 3.4, at any time and from time to time when an effective Shelf is on file with the Commission,
at any time and from time to time following the expiration of the Lock-up Period, if applicable, if a Demanding Holder wishes to
engage in (a) an underwritten registered offering not involving a roadshow, or an offer commonly known as a
block trade (a Block Trade), or (b) an at the market or similar registered offering
through a broker, sales agent or distribution agent, whether as agent or principal (an Other Coordinated
Offering), in each case, (x) with a total offering price reasonably expected to exceed $15 million in the aggregate or
(y) with respect to all remaining Registrable Securities held by the Demanding Holder, then such Demanding Holder shall notify the
Company of the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering at least five (5) business days prior to the day such offering is to
commence and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering; provided
that the Demanding Holders representing a majority of the Registrable Securities wishing to engage in the Block Trade or Other
Coordinated Offering shall use commercially reasonable efforts to work with the Company and any Underwriters, brokers, sales agents
or placement agents prior to making such request in order to facilitate preparation of the Registration Statement, Prospectus and
other offering documentation related to the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering.

2.6.2 Prior to the filing of the applicable red
herring Prospectus or prospectus supplement used in connection with a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering, a
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall have the right to
submit a Withdrawal Notice to the Company, the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) and any brokers, sales agents or placement
agents (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Block Trade
or Other Coordinated Offering prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.6.2.

2.6.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, Section 2.2 shall not apply to a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering initiated by a Demanding Holder
pursuant to this Agreement.

2.6.4 The Demanding Holder in a Block Trade or Other
Coordinated Offering shall have the right to select the Underwriters and any brokers, sales agents or placement agents (if any) for
such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering (in each case, which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized
investment banks).

2.6.5 A Demanding Holder in the aggregate may demand
no more than two (2) Block Trades or Other Coordinated Offerings pursuant to this Section 2.6 in any twelve (12) month
period. For the avoidance of doubt, any Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering effected pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall
not be counted as a demand for an Underwritten Offering pursuant to subsection 2.1.5 hereof.

10

ARTICLE III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General
Procedures. If the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the
intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission a
Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration
Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold
in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or have ceased to be Registrable
Securities;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such
amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably
requested by any Holder that holds at least five percent of the Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement or
any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the
registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration
Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended
plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus or have ceased to be Registrable
Securities;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or
Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement
as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary
Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or
the legal counsel for any such Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities
owned by such Holders (provided that the Company shall have no obligation to furnish any documents publicly filed or furnished with
the Commission pursuant to the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR));

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable
Securities, use its commercially reasonable efforts to (a) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the
Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the
Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may
request (or provide evidence satisfactory to such Holders that the Registrable Securities are exempt from such registration or
qualification) and (b) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be
registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of
the Company or otherwise and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable, in each case, to enable the
Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do
business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to
general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

11

3.1.5 use its reasonable best efforts to cause all
such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities
issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable,
and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable
Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission
suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or Prospectus the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such
stop order should be issued, as applicable;

3.1.8 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus
relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event or the
existence of any condition as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
a Misstatement, or in the opinion of counsel for the Company it is necessary to supplement or amend such Prospectus to comply with
law, and then to correct such Misstatement or include such information as is necessary to comply with law, in each case as set forth
in Section 3.4 hereof, at the request of any such Holder promptly prepare and furnish to such Holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such Prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers
of such securities, such Prospectus shall not include a Misstatement or such Prospectus, as supplemented or amended, shall comply
with law;

3.1.9 permit a representative of the Holders, the
Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such
Persons own expense, in the preparation of any Registration Statement, and will cause the Companys officers, directors
and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in
connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a
confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any
such information;

3.1.10 use its reasonable best efforts to obtain a
cold comfort letter (including a bring-down letter dated as of the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for
sale pursuant to such Registration) from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an
Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or sales agent pursuant to
such Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters
as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating
Holders and any Underwriter;

3.1.11 in connection with an Underwritten Offering, a
Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or sales agent pursuant to such Registration, use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain for the underwriter(s) opinions of counsel for the Company, covering the matters
customarily covered in opinions requested in underwritten offerings and such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such
underwriters;

3.1.12 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, a
Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or sales agent pursuant to such Registration, enter
into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such
offering;

3.1.13 otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to
make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement that satisfies the provisions of
Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule
promulgated thereafter by the Commission), which requirement will be deemed satisfied if the Company timely files Forms 10-K, 10-Q
and 8-K as may be required to be filed under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 158 under the Securities Act;

12

3.1.14 with respect to an Underwritten Offering, if
the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $50 million, use its
reasonable best efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show
presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in such Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.15 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably
with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the participating Holders consistent with the terms of this
Agreement in connection with such Registration.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
not be required to provide any documents or information to an Underwriter, broker, sales agent or placement agent if such Underwriter,
broker, sales agent or placement agent has not then been named with respect to the applicable Underwritten Offering or other offering
involving a registration as an Underwriter, broker, sales agent or placement agent, as applicable.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration
Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all
incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts,
brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs, stock transfer taxes and, other than as set forth in the definition of
Registration Expenses, all fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Participation in Underwritten Offerings. In
connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish
(or cause to be furnished) to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in
connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus (the Holder Information). Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any Holder does not provide the Company with its requested Holder Information, the
Company may exclude such Holders Registrable Securities from the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus if the
Company determines, based on the advice of counsel, that it is necessary or advisable to include such information in the applicable
Registration Statement or Prospectus and such Holder continues thereafter to withhold such information. No Person may participate in
any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement unless such Person (a) agrees to sell such Persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting, sales,
distribution or placement arrangements approved by the Company and (b) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers
of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting or other agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably
required under the terms of such underwriting, sales or distribution arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, the exclusion of a
Holders Registrable Securities as a result of this Section 3.3 shall not affect the Registration of other Registrable
Securities to be included in such Registration.

3.4 Suspension of
Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains
a Misstatement, or in the opinion of counsel for the Company it is necessary to supplement or amend such Prospectus to comply with
law, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until it has received copies of a
supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement or including the information counsel for the Company believes to be
necessary to comply with law (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment
as soon as practicable after the time of such notice such that the Registration Statement or Prospectus, as so amended or
supplemented, as applicable, will not include a Misstatement and complies with law), or until it is advised in writing by the
Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the
inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the
Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders (which notice shall not
specify the nature of the event giving rise to such delay or suspension), delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend
use of, such Registration Statement on not more than three (3) occasions for not more than sixty (60) consecutive calendar days on
each occasion or not more than one hundred and twenty (120) total calendars days, in each case, during twelve (12)-month period,
determined in good faith by the Board to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the
preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the
Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities until such Holder
receives written notice from the Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which
the Company exercised its rights under this Section 3.4. The Holders shall maintain the confidentiality of such notice and
its contents.

13

3.5 Reporting Obligations of the Company. As
long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company shall at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the
Exchange Act, file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required
to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the
Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings; provided that any documents publicly filed or furnished with the
Commission pursuant to EDGAR that are publicly available shall be deemed to have been furnished or delivered to the Holders pursuant
to this Section 3.5. The Company shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent
required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Registrable Securities held by such Holder without registration under the
Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor
rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission). Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written
certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

3.6 Restrictive Legend Removal. Subject to
receipt from the Holder by the Company and the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) of such
customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection
therewith, the Holder may request that the Company remove any legend from the book entry position evidencing its Registrable
Securities and the Company will, if required by the Transfer Agent, use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause an opinion of
the Companys counsel to be provided, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Transfer Agent to the effect that the removal of
such restrictive legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act, following the earliest of such time as such
Registrable Securities (i) have been sold or transferred pursuant to an effective Registration, (ii) have been sold pursuant to Rule
144, or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) or any successor provision without the requirement for the Company to be
in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
applicable to the sale or transfer of such Registrable Securities. If restrictive legends are no longer required for such
Registrable Securities pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.6
and within three (3) trading days of any request therefor from the Holder accompanied by such customary and reasonably acceptable
representations and other documentation referred to above establishing that restrictive legends are no longer required, deliver to
the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry
Registrable Securities. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent and all DTC fees associated with such
issuance.

ARTICLE IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless,
to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors and agents and each Person who
controls such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) from and against all
losses, claims, actions or proceedings (whether commenced or threatened), damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses (including
reasonable and documented outside attorneys fees) (collectively, Claims), to which any such Holder or
other Persons may become subject, insofar as such Claims arise out of or are based on (a) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
any material fact contained in or incorporated by reference in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or
any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (in the case of a Prospectus, in light of the circumstances in which they
were made) or (b) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, any state securities laws, or any rule or
regulation thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to an action taken or inaction required of the Company in connection
with the offering of Registrable Securities; except insofar as the Claim arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such filing in reliance upon and in conformity with information or
affidavit furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein.

14

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in
which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating pursuant to this Agreement, such Holder shall furnish (or cause to be
furnished) to the Company an undertaking reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to indemnify the Company, its officers, directors,
partners, managers, shareholders, members, employees and agents and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) from and against any Claims, to which any the Company or such
other Persons may become subject, insofar as such Claims arise out of or are based on any untrue statement of any material fact
contained in or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading (in the case of a Prospectus, in light of the circumstances in which they were made), but only to the extent
that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission is contained in (or is not contained in, in
the case of an omission) any information furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however,
that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the
liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such
Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall
indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each Person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to
indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any Person entitled to indemnification herein
shall (a) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any Claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification
(provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any Persons right to indemnification hereunder to
the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (b) unless in such indemnified partys
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such Claim,
permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such Claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If
such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified
party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or
elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one (1) counsel for
all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified
party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such
claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into
any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party
pursuant to the terms of such settlement) and which settlement includes a statement or admission of fault or culpability on the part
of such indemnified party or does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification and contribution provided
for under this Agreement (a) shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the
indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling Person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of
Registrable Securities and (b) are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may be available to any
indemnified party at law or in equity or pursuant to any other agreement.

4.1.5 If the
indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party in respect of any Claims, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall
contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such Claims in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party or parties on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other hand in
connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such Claims, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided, however,
that the aggregate liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds
received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. In connection with any Registration Statement, Prospectus or
preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto filed by the Company, the relative fault of the indemnifying
party or parties, on the one hand, and the indemnified party or parties, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a
material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party, and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or
payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the
limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or
out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection
4.1.5. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be
entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation.

15

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice or communication under
this Agreement must be in writing and given by (a) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage
prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (b) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence
of delivery, or (c) transmission by electronic mail. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the
manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third
business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service or electronic mail,
at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as
delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to
the Company, to: Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., 21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237, Newburyport, Massachusetts 01950,
Attention: Christopher Riley, Chief Executive Officer, with a required copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice) to TCF Law
Group, PLLC, 21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237, Newburyport, Massachusetts 01950, Attention: Stephen J. Doyle, and, if to any Holder, at
such Holders address or email address as set forth on the signature pages hereto. Any party may change its address for notice
at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective
thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations
of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Lock-up Period
with respect to the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties
or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except to such Holders applicable Permitted Transferees.

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall
be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the applicable
Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits
on any Persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such
partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company
shall have received (a) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (b) the written agreement of
the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may
be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided
in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

16

5.3 Severability. If any portion of this
Agreement shall be declared void or unenforceable by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction, such portion shall
be deemed severable from the remainder of this Agreement, which shall continue in all respects to be valid and enforceable.

5.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an
original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced. The words
execution, signed, signature, delivery and words of like import in or
relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic
signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or
enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the
case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means.

5.5 Governing Law;
Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any action based upon, arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby may only be brought first, in the Business Litigation Session of the Superior Court for Suffolk County, in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts or if such court declines jurisdiction, then in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the
District of Massachusetts or the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such action, waives any objection it may now or hereafter have to personal
jurisdiction, venue or to convenience of forum, agrees that all claims in respect of the action shall be heard and determined only
in any such court, and agrees not to bring any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby in any other court. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect the right of any party to serve process in any manner
permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against any other party in any other jurisdiction, in each
case, to enforce judgments obtained in any action brought pursuant to this Section 5.5. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION BASED UPON, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

5.6 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the
written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the then outstanding number of Registrable
Securities at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may
be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified: provided, however, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof shall also require the written consent of Harry You so long as
Harry You and his Affiliates hold, in the aggregate, at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of Company Class A Common
Stock. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a
Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies
of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate
as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party. No waiver by a party
hereto shall be effective unless made in a written instrument duly executed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be
enforced, and only to the extent set forth in such instrument.

5.7 Other Registration Rights. Other than pursuant
to the terms of the Warrant Agreement, the Non-Redemption Agreements, and any subscription agreement entered into by the Company and
the investors party thereto in connection with a Closing Offering (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), the Company represents
and warrants that no Person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities
of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration Statement filed by the Company for the sale
of securities for its own account or for the account of any other Person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement
supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions among the parties thereto and in the
event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.8 Prior Agreement. The Sponsor Parties and
SPAC, as parties to the Prior Agreement, hereby agree that the Prior Agreement is terminated as of the Closing Date and is replaced
in its entirety by this Agreement.

17

5.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect
to the subject matter of this Agreement.

5.10 Term. This Agreement shall terminate and be
void and of no further force and effect on the earlier of (a) the fifth anniversary of the date of this Agreement and (b) with
respect to any Holder, on the date on which such Holder ceases to hold Registrable Securities. The provisions of Article IV
shall survive any termination.

5.11 Holder Information. Each Holder agrees, if
requested in writing, to represent to the Company the total number of Registrable Securities held by such Holder in order for the
Company to make determinations hereunder.

5.12 Additional Holders; Joinder. In addition to
Persons who may become Holders pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof, subject to the prior written consent of Harry You and Paul
Dacier (in each case, so long as such Company Holder and its Affiliates hold at least three percent of the outstanding Company
Common Stock), the Company may make any Person who acquires Company Class A Common Stock or rights to acquire Company Class A Common
Stock after the date hereof a party to this Agreement (each such Person or entity, an Additional Holder) by
obtaining an executed joinder to this Agreement from such Additional Holder (a Joinder). Such Joinder shall
specify the rights and obligations of the applicable Additional Holder under this Agreement. Upon the execution and delivery and
subject to the terms of a Joinder by such Additional Holder, the Company Class A Common Stock then owned, or underlying any rights
then owned, by such Additional Holder (the Additional Holder Class A Common Stock) shall be Registrable
Securities to the extent provided herein and therein and such Additional Holder shall be a Holder under this Agreement with respect
to such Additional Holder Class A Common Stock.

5.13 Further Assurances. From time to time, at
another partys request and without further consideration, each party hereto shall execute and deliver such additional
documents and take all such further action as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

[Signature Pages Follow]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

RAIN ENHANCEMENT

TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

By: /s/ Christopher Riley

Name: Christopher Riley

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SPONSOR PARTIES:

COLISEUM ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC

By: /s/ Daniel Haimovic

Name: Daniel Haimovic

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

BERTO LLC

By: /s/ Harry You

Name: Harry You

Title: Member

By: /s/ Harry You

Name: Harry You

By: /s/ Walter Skowronski

Name: Walter Skowronski

By: /s/ Roland Rapp

Name: Roland Rapp

By: /s/ Kenneth Rivers

Name: Kenneth Rivers

COMPANY HOLDERS:

RAINWATER, LLC

By: /s/ Paul Dacier

Name: Paul T. Dacier 

Title: Manager

Address: 92 Woodland Street 

Sherborn, Mass 01770

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

RHY 2021 IRREVOCABLE TRUST

By: /s/ Harry You

Name: Harry You

Title: Trustee

ISALEA INVESTMENTS LP

By: /s/ Niccolo de Masi 

Name: Niccolo de Masi

Title: General Partner

By: /s/ Oanh Truong

Name: Oanh Truong

COMPANY HOLDERS:

By: /s/ Paul Dacier

Name: Paul Dacier 

By: /s/ Christopher Riley

Name: Christopher Riley

By: /s/ Alexandra Steele 

Name: Alexandra Steele

By: /s/ J. Eric Smith 

Name: J. Eric Smith

By: /s/ Lyman Dickerson 

Name: Lyman Dickerson

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

SCHEDULE 1

Company Holders

1. Rainwater, LLC

2. RHY 2021 Irrevocable Trust

3. Isalea Investments LP

EXHIBIT A

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT JOINDER

The undersigned is executing and delivering
this joinder (this Joinder) pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2024 (as
the same may hereafter be amended, the Registration Rights Agreement), among Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), and the other persons or entities named as parties
therein. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Registration Rights Agreement.

By executing and
delivering this Joinder to the Company, and upon acceptance hereof by the Company upon the execution of a counterpart hereof, the undersigned
hereby agrees to become a party to, to be bound by, and to comply with the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder of Registrable Securities
in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Registration Rights Agreement, and the undersigneds
shares of Company Class A Common Stock and Warrants shall be included as Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement
to the extent provided therein.

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed
and delivered this Joinder as of the _________________ day of, 20 .

Signature of Stockholder

Print Name of Stockholder 

Its:

Address:

Agreed and Accepted as of

___________ ,
20__

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES

HOLDCO, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Its:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-7_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. 2024 INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

2024 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN

1. Establishment
of the Plan; Effective Date; Duration.

(a) Establishment
of the Plan; Effective Date. Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company),
hereby establishes this incentive compensation plan to be known as the Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. 2024 Incentive
Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan). The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options,
Nonqualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Other Stock-Based Awards, Other Cash-Based
Awards, Dividend Equivalents, and Performance Compensation Awards. The Plan shall become effective on the Effective Date. The effectiveness
of the Plan shall be subject to approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company within twelve months following the date the Plan
is first approved by the Board. The Plan shall remain in effect as provided in Section 1(b) of the Plan. Capitalized but undefined terms
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3 of the Plan.

(b) Duration
of the Plan. The Plan shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect, subject to the right of the Board to amend
or terminate the Plan at any time pursuant to Section 14. However, in no event may an Award be granted under the Plan on or after ten
years from the Effective Date, provided, however, in the case of an Award that is an Incentive Stock Option, no Incentive
Stock Option shall be granted on or after ten years from the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is approved by the Board and (ii)
date the Companys stockholders approve the Plan.

2. Purpose.
The purpose of the Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and its Affiliates may attract and retain key personnel and to
provide a means whereby certain directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company and its Affiliates can acquire
and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, which may be measured by reference to the value of
Common Shares, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of the Company and its Affiliates and aligning their interests with
those of the Companys stockholders.

3. Definitions.
Certain terms used herein have the definitions given to them in the first instance in which they are used. In addition, for purposes
of the Plan, the following terms are defined as set forth below:

(a) Affiliate
means (i) any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company and/or
(ii) to the extent provided by the Committee, any person or entity in which the Company has a significant interest. The term control
(including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control with), as applied to
any person or entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.

(b) Applicable
Law means any applicable law, including without limitation: (a) provisions of the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act and any rules or regulations thereunder; (b) corporate, securities, tax or other laws, statutes, rules, requirements or regulations,
whether federal, state, local or foreign; and (c) rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Common Shares
are listed, quoted or traded.

(c) Award
means, individually or collectively, any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Unit, Other Stock-Based Awards, Other Cash-Based Awards, Dividend Equivalents, and/or Performance Compensation Award
granted under the Plan.

(d) Award
Agreement means a written agreement between a Participant and the Company which sets out the terms of the grant of an Award.

(e) Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(f) Business
Combination Agreement shall mean that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2024, as amended on
August 22, 2024, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, by and among Coliseum
Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Coliseum), Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., a Massachusetts
corporation, the Company, Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
and Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Coliseum.

(g) Cause
means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, (i) the Company or an Affiliate having
cause to terminate a Participants employment or service, as defined in any employment or consulting or similar agreement
between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate in effect at the time of such termination, or (ii) in the absence of any such
employment or consulting or similar agreement (or the absence of any definition of Cause contained therein), a Participants
(A) conviction of, or the entry of a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or any other crime that causes the Company or its Affiliates
public disgrace or disrepute, or materially and adversely affects the Companys or its Affiliates operations or financial
performance or the relationship the Company has with its customers; (B) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Company
or any of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, fraud, embezzlement, theft or proven dishonesty in the course of his employment
or other service to the Company or an Affiliate; (C) alcohol abuse or use of controlled substances other than in accordance with a physicians
prescription; (D) refusal to perform any lawful, material obligation or fulfill any duty (other than any duty or obligation of the type
described in clause (F) below) to the Company or its Affiliates (other than due to a disability, as determined by the Committee), which
refusal, if curable, is not cured within 15 days after delivery of written notice thereof; (E) material breach of any agreement with or
duty owed to the Company or any of its Affiliates, which breach, if curable, is not cured within 15 days after the delivery of written
notice thereof; (F) any breach of any obligation or duty to the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether arising by statute, common law
or agreement) relating to confidentiality, noncompetition, nonsolicitation and/or proprietary rights or (G) material violation or breach
of the documented code of ethics, code of conduct or similar document of the Company or an Affiliate or fiduciary duties to the Company
or an Affiliate.

(h) Change
in Control shall, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise or contains
a different definition of Change in Control, be deemed to occur upon any of the following events:

(i) any
person as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act (other than (A) the Company or any of its Affiliates,
(B) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (C) an
underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (D) an entity owned, directly or indirectly,
by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Common Shares) becomes the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, by way of merger, consolidation, recapitalization,
reorganization or otherwise, of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the
Company;

2

(ii) the
cessation of control (by virtue of their not constituting a majority of directors) of the Board by the individuals (the Continuing
Directors) who (x) were directors on the Effective Date or (y) become directors after Effective Date and whose election
or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then in
office who were directors on the Effective Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved;

(iii) the
consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other company, other than a merger or consolidation which would result
in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding
or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented
by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation;

(iv) the
consummation of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the
Companys assets; or

(v) any
other event specified as a Change in Control in an applicable Award Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or any portion of an Award) that provides for the deferral
of compensation that is subject to Section 409A of the Code, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under
Section 409A of the Code, the transaction or event described in subsection (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) with respect to such Award
(or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also
constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5).

(i) Claim
means any claim, liability or obligation of any nature, arising out of or relating to the Plan or an alleged breach of the Plan or an
Award Agreement.

(j) Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of the Code shall
be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to
such section, regulations or guidance.

(k) Committee
means a committee of at least two people as the Board may appoint to administer the Plan or, if no such committee has been appointed by
the Board, the Board.

(l) Common
Shares means shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (and any stock or other securities
into which such common stock may be converted or into which they may be exchanged).

(m) Company
means Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation.

(n) Date
of Grant means the date on which the granting of an Award is authorized, or such other date as may be specified in such
authorization.

3

(o) Dividend
Equivalent means a right awarded under Section 11 to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Common Shares) of ordinary
dividends that would otherwise be paid on the Common Shares subject to an Award that is a full-value award but that have not been issued
or delivered.

(p) Effective
Date shall mean the date on which the transactions contemplated by that the Business Combination Agreement are consummated,
provided that the Board has adopted the Plan prior to or on such date, subject to approval of the Plan by the Companys stockholders.

(q) 
Eligible Director means a person who is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3
under the Exchange Act.

(r) Eligible
Person with respect to an Award denominated in Common Shares, means any (i) individual employed by the Company or
an Affiliate (ii) director of the Company or an Affiliate (iii) consultant or advisor to the Company or an Affiliate
provided that if the Securities Act applies such persons must be eligible to be offered securities registrable on Form S-8 under
the Securities Act or (iv) prospective employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors who have accepted offers of
employment or consultancy from the Company or its Affiliates (and would satisfy the provisions of clauses (i) through (iii) above
once he begins employment with or begins providing services to the Company or its Affiliates, provided that the Date of Grant of any Award
to such individual shall not be prior to the date he begins employment with or begins providing services to the Company or its Affiliates).

(s) Exchange
Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time, including the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder and successor provisions and rules and regulations thereto.

(t) Exercise
Price has the meaning given such term in Section 7(b) of the Plan.

(u) Fair
Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Shares determined as follows:

(i) If
the Common Shares are listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, the closing sales price for such shares (or
the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall
Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable

(ii) If
the Common Shares are regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of
a Common Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Shares on the day of determination, as reported
in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable or

(iii) In
the absence of an established market for the Common Shares, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Committee (acting
on the advice of an Independent Third Party, should the Committee elect in its sole discretion to utilize an Independent Third Party for
this purpose).

(iv) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the determination of Fair Market Value in all cases shall be in accordance with the requirements set forth under Section
409A of the Code to the extent necessary for an Award to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code.

(v) Immediate
Family Members shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b)(ii).

4

(w) Incentive
Stock Option means an Option that is designated by the Committee as an incentive stock option as described in Section 422
of the Code and otherwise meets the requirements set forth in the Plan for incentive stock options.

(x) Indemnifiable
Person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e) of the Plan.

(y) Independent
Third Party means an individual or entity independent of the Company having experience in providing investment banking
or similar appraisal or valuation services and with expertise generally in the valuation of securities or other property for purposes
of the Plan. The Committee may utilize one or more Independent Third Parties.

(z) Mature
Shares means Common Shares owned by a Participant that are not subject to any pledge or security interest and that have
been either previously acquired by the Participant on the open market or meet such other requirements, if any, as the Committee may determine
are necessary in order to avoid an accounting earnings charge on account of the use of such shares to pay the Exercise Price or satisfy
a tax or deduction obligation of the Participant.

(aa) Nonqualified
Stock Option means an Option that is not designated by the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option.

(bb) Option
means an Award granted under Section 7 of the Plan.

(cc) Option
Period has the meaning given such term in Section 7(c) of the Plan.

(dd) Other
Cash-Based Award means a cash Award granted to a Participant under Section 10 of the Plan, including cash awarded as a
bonus or upon the attainment of Performance Goals or otherwise as permitted under the Plan.

(ee) Other
Stock-Based Award means an equity-based or equity-related Award, other than an Option, SAR, Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Unit or Dividend Equivalent, granted in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth under Section 10 of the
Plan.

(ff) Participant
means an Eligible Person who has been selected by the Committee to participate in the Plan and to receive an Award pursuant to Section 6
of the Plan.

(gg) Performance
Compensation Award shall mean any Award designated by the Committee as a Performance Compensation Award pursuant to Section 12
of the Plan.

(hh) Performance
Criteria shall mean the criterion or criteria that the Committee shall select for purposes of establishing the Performance
Goal(s) for a Performance Period with respect to any Performance Compensation Award under the Plan pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan.

(ii) Performance
Formula shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more formulae applied against the relevant Performance Goal to
determine, with regard to the Performance Compensation Award of a particular Participant, whether all, some portion but less than all,
or none of the Performance Compensation Award has been earned for the applicable Performance Period.

(jj) Performance
Goals shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period
based upon the Performance Criteria pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan.

(kk) Performance
Period shall mean the one or more periods of time, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more
Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participants right to, and the payment of, a Performance Compensation
Award.

5

(ll) Permitted
Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(b)(ii) of the Plan.

(mm) Person
means any individual, entity or group within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act.

(nn) Plan
means this Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. 2024 Incentive Award Plan, as amended from time to time.

(oo) Restricted
Period means the period of time determined by the Committee during which an Award is subject to restrictions or, as applicable,
the period of time within which performance is measured for purposes of determining whether an Award has been earned.

(pp) Restricted
Stock Unit means an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver Common Shares, cash, other securities or other property,
subject to certain performance or time-based restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously
employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of the Plan.

(qq) Restricted
Stock means Common Shares, subject to certain specified performance or time-based restrictions (including, without limitation,
a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted
under Section 9 of the Plan.

(rr) SAR
Period has the meaning given such term in Section 8(c) of the Plan.

(ss) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of the
Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section, and any amendments
or successor provisions to such section, rules, regulations or guidance.

(tt) Stock
Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under Section 8 of the Plan.

(uu) Strike
Price means, except as otherwise provided by the Committee in the case of Substitute Awards, (i) in the case of a
SAR granted in tandem with an Option, the Exercise Price of the related Option, or (ii) in the case of a SAR granted independent of an
Option, the Fair Market Value on the Date of Grant.

(vv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to any specified Person:

(i) any
corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares (without regard to the occurrence
of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting
power) is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person
(or a combination thereof) and

(ii) any
partnership (or any comparable foreign entity (A) the sole general partner (or functional equivalent thereof) or the managing general
partner of which is such Person or Subsidiary of such Person or (B) the only general partners (or functional equivalents thereof) of which
are that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof).

(ww) Substitute
Award has the meaning given such term in Section 5(e).

6

4. Administration.

(a) The
Committee shall administer the Plan. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act and Applicable Law (if the Board is not acting as the Committee under the Plan), it is intended that each member of the Committee
shall, at the time he takes any action with respect to an Award under the Plan, be an Eligible Director. However, the fact that a Committee
member shall fail to qualify as an Eligible Director shall not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly
granted under the Plan.

(b) Subject
to the provisions of the Plan and Applicable Law, the Committee shall have the sole and plenary authority, in addition to other express
powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by the Plan, to: (i) designate Participants (ii) determine the type or types
of Awards to be granted to a Participant (iii) determine the number of Common Shares to be covered by, or with respect to which
payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any
Award (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Common Shares,
other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by which Awards may be
settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended (vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery
of cash, Common Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be deferred
either automatically or at the election of the Participant or of the Committee (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency
in, correct any defect in and/or supply any omission in the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award granted under,
the Plan (viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Committee shall deem
appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan (ix) accelerate the vesting or exercisability of, payment for or lapse of
restrictions on, Awards and (x) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable
for the administration of the Plan, in each case, to the extent consistent with the terms of the Plan.

(c) The
Committee may delegate to one or more officers of the Company or any Affiliate the authority to act on behalf of the Committee with respect
to any matter, right, obligation, or election that is the responsibility of or that is allocated to the Committee herein, and that may
be so delegated as a matter of law, except for grants of Awards to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

(d) Unless
otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect
to the Plan or any Award or any documents evidencing Awards granted pursuant to the Plan shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee,
may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons or entities, including, without limitation, the Company,
any Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award, and any stockholder of the Company.

(e) No
member of the Board, the Committee, delegate of the Committee or any employee or agent of the Company (each such person, an Indemnifiable
Person) shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any determination made in good faith with respect to
the Plan or any Award hereunder. Each Indemnifiable Person shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any
loss, cost, liability, or expense (including attorneys fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable Person
in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding to which such Indemnifiable Person may be a party or in which such
Indemnifiable Person may be involved by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken under the Plan or any Award Agreement and against
and from any and all amounts paid by such Indemnifiable Person with the Companys approval, in settlement thereof, or paid by such
Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person, provided
that the Company shall have the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or proceeding and once the Company
gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel of the Companys
choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to an Indemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment or
other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) binding upon such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts
or omissions of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable Persons bad
faith, fraud or willful criminal act or omission or that such right of indemnification is otherwise prohibited by law or by the Companys
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification
to which such Indemnifiable Persons may be entitled under the Companys Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a matter of law,
or otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or hold them harmless.

7

(f) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, the Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, grant Awards
and administer the Plan with respect to such Awards. In any such case, the Board shall have all the authority granted to the Committee
under the Plan.

5. Grant of Awards
Shares Subject to the Plan Limitations.

(a) The
Committee may, from time to time, grant Awards to one or more Eligible Persons.

(b) Subject
to Section 13 of the Plan, Awards granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following limitations: (i) the Committee is authorized
to deliver under the Plan an aggregate of 747,168 Common Shares provided, that the total number of Common Shares that will be reserved,
and that may be issued, under the Plan will automatically increase on the first trading day of each calendar year, beginning with calendar
year 2025, by a number of Common Shares equal to 5% of the total outstanding Common Shares on the last day of the prior calendar year,
and (ii) the maximum number of Common Shares that may be granted under the Plan during any single fiscal year to any Participant who is
a non-employee director, when taken together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee director during such year in respect of his
service as a non-employee director (including service as a member or chair of any committee of the Board), shall not exceed $750,000 in
total value (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the Fair Market Value on the Date of Grant of such Awards for financial
reporting purposes) provided that the non-employee directors who are considered independent (under the rules of The NASDAQ
Stock Market or other securities exchange on which the Common Shares are traded) may make exceptions to this limit (up to $1,000,000)
for a non-executive chair of the Board, if any, in which case the non-employee director receiving such additional compensation may not
participate in the decision to award such compensation. Notwithstanding the automatic annual increase set forth in (i) above, the Board
may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be no such increase in the share reserve for such year or that
the increase in the share reserve for such year will be a lesser number of Common Shares than would otherwise occur pursuant to the stipulated
percentage.

(c) In
the event that (i) any Option or other Award granted hereunder is exercised through the tendering of Common Shares (either actually or
by attestation) or by the withholding of Common Shares by the Company, or (ii) tax or deduction liabilities arising from such Option or
other Award are satisfied by the tendering of Common Shares (either actually or by attestation) or by the withholding of Common Shares
by the Company, then in each such case the Common Shares so tendered or withheld shall be added to the Common Shares available for grant
under the Plan on a one-for-one basis. Common Shares underlying Awards under the Plan that are forfeited, canceled, expire unexercised,
or are settled in cash shall also be available again for issuance as Awards under the Plan.

(d) Common
Shares delivered by the Company in settlement of Awards may be authorized and unissued shares, shares held in the treasury of the Company,
shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase, or a combination of the foregoing.

8

(e) Awards
may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be granted under the Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously
granted by an entity acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines (Substitute Awards). The number of
Common Shares underlying any Substitute Awards shall not be counted against the aggregate number of Common Shares available for Awards
under the Plan.

6. Eligibility.
Participation shall be limited to Eligible Persons who have entered into an Award Agreement or who have received written notification
from the Committee, or from a person designated by the Committee, that they have been selected to participate in the Plan.

7. Options.

(a) Generally.
Each Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or
the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each Option so granted shall be
subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 7 and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected
in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted under the Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock Options unless the applicable Award
Agreement expressly states that the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. Subject to Section 13, the maximum aggregate number
of Common Shares that may be issued through the exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan is 747,168 Common Shares, which,
for the avoidance of doubt, such share limit shall not be subject to the annual adjustment provided in Section 5(b)(i). Incentive Stock
Options shall be granted only to Eligible Persons who are employees of the Company and its Affiliates, and no Incentive Stock Option shall
be granted to any Eligible Person who is ineligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option under the Code. No Option shall be treated as
an Incentive Stock Option unless the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company in a manner intended to comply with the
stockholder approval requirements of Section 422(b)(1) of the Code provided that any Option intended to be an Incentive Stock
Option shall not fail to be effective solely on account of a failure to obtain such approval, but rather such Option shall be treated
as a Nonqualified Stock Option unless and until such approval is obtained. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the terms and conditions
of such grant shall be subject to and comply with such rules as may be prescribed by Section 422 of the Code. If for any reason an
Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the
extent of such nonqualification, such Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option appropriately granted
under the Plan.

(b) Exercise
Price. Except with respect to Substitute Awards, the exercise price (Exercise Price) per Common Share for
each Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of such share determined as of the Date of Grant provided,
however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an employee who, at the time of the grant of such Option, owns
shares representing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any related corporation
(as determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-2(f)), the Exercise Price per share shall not be less than 110%
of the Fair Market Value per share on the Date of Grant and provided, further, that, notwithstanding any provision herein
to the contrary, the Exercise Price shall not be less than the par value per Common Share.

(c) Vesting
and Expiration. Options shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such date or dates determined by the Committee
and shall expire after such period, not to exceed ten years, as may be determined by the Committee (the Option Period)
provided, however, that the Option Period shall not exceed five years from the Date of Grant in the case of an Incentive
Stock Option granted to a Participant who on the Date of Grant owns shares representing more than 10% of the total combined voting power
of all classes of shares of the Company or any related corporation (as determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-2(f))
provided, further, that notwithstanding any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
accelerate the exercisability of any Option, which acceleration shall not affect the terms and conditions of such Option other than with
respect to exercisability. If the Option would expire at a time when the exercise of the Option would violate applicable securities laws,
the expiration date applicable to the Option will be automatically extended to a date that is 30 calendar days following the date
such exercise would no longer violate applicable securities laws (so long as such extension shall not violate Section 409A of the Code)
provided, that in no event shall such expiration date be extended beyond the expiration of the Option Period.

9

(d) Method
of Exercise and Form of Payment. No Common Shares shall be delivered pursuant to any exercise of an Option until payment in full
of the Exercise Price therefor is received by the Company and the Participant has paid to the Company an amount equal to any taxes required
to be withheld or paid upon exercise of such Option. Options that have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic
notice of exercise to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Option, accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price. The Exercise
Price shall be payable (i) in cash, check, cash equivalent and/or Common Shares valued at the Fair Market Value at the time the Option
is exercised (including, pursuant to procedures approved by the Committee, by means of attestation of ownership of a sufficient number
of Common Shares in lieu of actual delivery of such shares to the Company) provided that such Common Shares are not subject to any
pledge or other security interest and are Mature Shares; and (ii) by such other method as the Committee may permit in accordance with
Applicable Law, in its sole discretion, including without limitation: (A) in other property having a Fair Market Value on the date of
exercise equal to the Exercise Price, (B) if there is a public market for the Common Shares at such time, by means of a broker-assisted
cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell
the Common Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the
Exercise Price, or (C) by a net exercise method whereby the Company withholds from the delivery of the Common Shares for
which the Option was exercised that number of Common Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate Exercise Price for the Common
Shares for which the Option was exercised. No fractional Common Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award,
and the Committee shall determine whether cash, other securities or other property shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional
Common Shares, or whether such fractional Common Shares or any rights thereto shall be canceled, terminated or otherwise eliminated.

(e) Notification
upon Disqualifying Disposition of an Incentive Stock Option. Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option under the Plan
shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the date he makes a disqualifying disposition of any Common Shares acquired pursuant
to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying disposition is any disposition (including, without limitation, any sale)
of such Common Shares before the later of (i) two years after the Date of Grant of the Incentive Stock Option or (ii) one year after
the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Company may, if determined by the Committee and in accordance with procedures
established by the Committee, retain possession of any Common Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option as
agent for the applicable Participant until the end of the period described in the preceding sentence.

(f) Compliance
With Laws, etc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner
that the Committee determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, if applicable; any other Applicable Law; the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission; or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer
quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or traded.

8. Stock
Appreciation Rights.

(a) Generally.
Each SAR granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or the
posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each SAR so granted shall be subject
to the conditions set forth in this Section 8 and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in
the applicable Award Agreement. Any Option granted under the Plan may include tandem SARs. The Committee also may award SARs to Eligible
Persons independent of any Option.

(b) Strike
Price. The Strike Price per Common Share for each SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of such share determined
as of the Date of Grant.

(c) Vesting
and Expiration. A SAR granted in connection with an Option shall become exercisable and shall expire according to the same vesting
schedule and expiration provisions as the corresponding Option. A SAR granted independent of an Option shall vest and become exercisable
and shall expire in such manner and on such date or dates determined by the Committee and shall expire after such period, not to exceed
ten years, as may be determined by the Committee (the SAR Period) provided, however, that notwithstanding
any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the exercisability of any SAR, which acceleration
shall not affect the terms and conditions of such SAR other than with respect to exercisability. If the SAR would expire at a time when
the exercise of the SAR would violate applicable securities laws, the expiration date applicable to the SAR will be automatically extended
to a date that is 30 calendar days following the date such exercise would no longer violate applicable securities laws (so long as such
extension shall not violate Section 409A of the Code) provided, that in no event shall such expiration date be extended beyond
the expiration of the SAR Period.

(d) Method
of Exercise. SARs that have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the
Company in accordance with the terms of the Award, specifying the number of SARs to be exercised and the date on which such SARs were
awarded.

(e) Payment.
Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the number of shares subject to the SAR that are
being exercised, multiplied by the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Common Share on the exercise date over the Strike Price,
less an amount equal to any taxes required to be withheld or paid. The Company shall pay such amount in cash, in Common Shares having
a Fair Market Value equal to such amount, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. No fractional Common Shares shall
be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Committee shall determine whether cash, other securities or other property
shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Common Shares, or whether such fractional Common Shares or any rights thereto shall
be canceled, terminated or otherwise eliminated.

10

9. Restricted Stock
and Restricted Stock Units.

(a) Generally.
Each grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium
(including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each such
grant shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 9 and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan
as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement.

(b) Restricted
Accounts Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock, a book entry in a restricted account shall be
established in the Participants name at the Companys transfer agent and, if the Committee determines that the Restricted
Stock shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than held in such restricted account pending the release of the applicable restrictions,
the Committee may require the Participant to additionally execute and deliver to the Company (i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to the
Committee, if applicable, and (ii) the appropriate stock power (endorsed in blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by such
agreement. If a Participant shall fail to execute an agreement evidencing an Award of Restricted Stock and, if applicable, an escrow agreement
and blank stock power within the amount of time specified by the Committee, the Award shall be null and void. Subject to the restrictions
set forth in this Section 9 and the applicable Award Agreement, the Participant generally shall have the rights and privileges of
a stockholder as to such Restricted Stock, including, without limitation, the right to vote such Restricted Stock and the right to receive
dividends, if applicable. To the extent shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited, any share certificates issued to the Participant evidencing
such shares shall be returned to the Company, and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a stockholder with respect thereto
shall terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company.

(c) Vesting.
Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement the unvested portion of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall
terminate and be forfeited upon termination of employment or service of the Participant granted the applicable Award.

(d) Delivery
of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units.

(i) Upon
the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement shall be of no further force or effect with respect to such shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If
an escrow arrangement is used, upon such expiration, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his beneficiary, without charge,
the share certificate evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock that have not then been forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted
Period has expired (rounded down to the nearest full share) or shall register such shares in the Participants name without any such restrictions.
Dividends, if any, that may have been withheld by the Committee and attributable to any particular share of Restricted Stock shall be
distributed to the Participant in cash or, at the sole discretion of the Committee, in Common Shares having a Fair Market Value equal
to the amount of such dividends, upon the release of restrictions on such share and, if such share is forfeited, the Participant shall
have no right to such dividends (except as otherwise set forth by the Committee in the applicable Award Agreement).

(ii) Unless
otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding
Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his beneficiary, without charge, one Common Share for each such
outstanding Restricted Stock Unit provided, however, that the Committee may, in its sole discretion, elect to (A)
pay cash or part cash and part Common Share in lieu of delivering only Common Shares in respect of such Restricted Stock Units or (B)
defer the delivery of Common Shares (or cash or part Common Shares and part cash, as the case may be) beyond the expiration of the Restricted
Period if such delivery would result in a violation of Applicable Law until such time as is no longer the case. If a cash payment is made
in lieu of delivering Common Shares, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares as of the
date on which the Restricted Period lapsed with respect to such Restricted Stock Units, less an amount equal to any taxes required to
be withheld or paid.

10. Other Stock-Based
Awards and Other Cash-Based Awards.

(a) Other
Stock-Based Awards. The Committee may grant types of equity-based or equity-related Awards not otherwise described by the terms
of the Plan (including the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted Common Shares), in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions,
as the Committee shall determine. Such Other Stock-Based Awards may involve the transfer of actual Common Shares to Participants, or payment
in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of Common Shares. The terms and conditions of such Awards shall be consistent with
the Plan and set forth in the Award Agreement and need not be uniform among all such Awards or all Participants receiving such Awards.

11

(b) Other
Cash-Based Awards. The Committee may grant a Participant a cash Award not otherwise described by the terms of the Plan, including
cash awarded as a bonus or upon the attainment of Performance Goals or otherwise as permitted under the Plan.

(c) Value
of Awards. Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be expressed in terms of Common Shares or units based on Common Shares, as determined
by the Committee, and each Other Cash-Based Awards shall be expressed in terms of cash, as determined by the Committee. The Committee
may establish Performance Goals in its discretion pursuant to Section 12, and any such Performance Goals shall be set forth in the applicable
Award Agreement. If the Committee exercises its discretion to establish Performance Goals, the number and/or value of Other Stock-Based
Awards or Other Cash-Based Awards that will be paid out to the Participant will depend on the extent to which such Performance Goals are
met.

(d) Payment
of Awards. Payment, if any, with respect to an Other Stock-Based Award or Other Cash-Based Award shall be made in accordance with
the terms of the Award, as set forth in the Award Agreement, in cash, Common Shares or a combination of cash and Common Shares, as the
Committee determines.

(e) Vesting.
The Committee shall determine the extent to which the Participant shall have the right to receive Other Stock-Based Awards or Other Cash-Based
Awards following the Participants termination of employment or service (including by reason of such Participants death,
disability (as determined by the Committee), or termination without Cause). Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion
of the Committee and will be included in the applicable Award Agreement but need not be uniform among all Other Stock-Based Awards or
Other Cash-Based Awards issued pursuant to the Plan and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for the termination of employment
or service.

11. Dividend Equivalents.
No adjustment shall be made in the Common Shares issuable or taken into account under Awards on account of cash dividends that may be
paid or other rights that may be issued to the holders of Common Shares prior to issuance of such Common Shares under such Award. The
Committee may grant Dividend Equivalents based on the dividends declared on Common Shares that are subject to any Award (other than an
Option or Stock Appreciation Right). Any Award of Dividend Equivalents may be credited as of the dividend payment dates, during the period
between the Date of Grant of the Award and the date the Award becomes payable or terminates or expires, as determined by the Committee;
however, Dividend Equivalents shall not be payable unless and until the Award becomes payable, and shall be subject to forfeiture to
the same extent as the underlying Award. Dividend Equivalents may be subject to any additional limitations and/or restrictions determined
by the Committee. Dividend Equivalents shall be payable in cash, Common Shares or converted to full-value Awards, calculated based on
such formula, as may be determined by the Committee.

12. Performance
Compensation Awards.

(a) Generally.
The Committee shall have the authority, at the time of grant of any Award described in Sections 7 through of the Plan, to designate
such Award as a Performance Compensation Award. The Committee shall have the authority to make an award of a cash bonus to any Participant
and designate such Award as a Performance Compensation Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, all Performance Compensation
Awards shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.

(b) Discretion
of Committee with Respect to Performance Compensation Awards. The Committee shall have the discretion to establish the terms,
conditions and restrictions of any Performance Compensation Award. With regard to a particular Performance Period, the Committee shall
have sole discretion to select the length of such Performance Period, the type(s) of Performance Compensation Awards to be issued, the
Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s), the kind(s) and/or level(s) of the Performance Goals(s) that
is (are) to apply and the Performance Formula.

12

(c) Performance
Criteria. The Committee may establish Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the Performance Goal(s) for Performance
Compensation Awards which may be based on the attainment of specific levels of performance of the Company (and/or one or more Affiliates,
divisions, business segments or operational units, or any combination of the foregoing) and may include, without limitation, any of the
following: (i) net earnings or net income (before or after taxes) (ii) basic or diluted earnings per share (before or after taxes)
(iii) revenue or revenue growth (measured on a net or gross basis) (iv) gross profit or gross profit growth (v) operating
profit (before or after taxes) (vi) return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, invested capital,
equity, or sales) (vii) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, net cash provided by operations
and cash flow return on capital) (viii) financing and other capital raising transactions (including, but not limited to, sales of
the Companys equity or debt securities) (ix) earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or amortization
(x) gross or operating margins (xi) productivity ratios (xii) share price (including, but not limited to, growth measures
and total stockholder return) (xiii) expense targets (xiv) margins (xv) productivity and operating efficiencies
(xvi) customer satisfaction (xvii) customer growth (xviii) working capital targets (xix) measures of economic value
added (xx) inventory control (xxi) enterprise value (xxii) sales (xxiii) debt levels and net debt (xxiv)
combined ratio (xxv) timely launch of new facilities (xxvi) client retention (xxvii) employee retention (xxviii)
timely completion of new product rollouts (xxix) cost targets (xxx) reductions and savings (xxxi) productivity and efficiencies
(xxxii) strategic partnerships or transactions (xxxiii) personal targets, goals or completion of projects; and (xxxiv) such other
criteria as established by the Committee in its discretion from time to time. Any one or more of the Performance Criteria may be used
on an absolute or relative basis to measure the performance of the Company and/or one or more Affiliates as a whole or any business unit(s)
of the Company and/or one or more Affiliates or any combination thereof, as the Committee may deem appropriate, or any of the above Performance
Criteria may be compared to the performance of a selected group of comparable or peer companies, or a published or special index that
the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, or as compared to various stock market indices. The Committee also has the authority
to provide for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the achievement of Performance Goals pursuant to the Performance Criteria specified
in this paragraph. Any Performance Criteria that are financial metrics, may be determined in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP) or may be adjusted when established to include or exclude any items otherwise includable
or excludable under GAAP.

(d) Modification
of Performance Goal(s). The Committee is authorized at any time to adjust or modify the calculation of a Performance Goal for
such Performance Period, based on and in order to appropriately reflect any specified circumstance or event that occurs during a Performance
Period, including but not limited to the following: (i) asset write-downs (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements
(iii) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results (iv)
any reorganization and restructuring programs (v) unusual and/or infrequently occurring items as described in Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 30 (or any successor pronouncement thereto) and/or in managements discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations appearing in the Companys annual report to stockholders for the applicable year (vi) acquisitions
or divestitures (vii) discontinued operations (viii) any other specific unusual or infrequently occurring or non-recurring
events, or objectively determinable category thereof (ix) foreign exchange gains and losses and (x) a change in the Companys
fiscal year.

(e) Terms
and Condition to Receipt of Payment. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant must be employed
by the Company on the last day of a Performance Period to be eligible for payment in respect of a Performance Compensation Award for such
Performance Period. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant shall be eligible to receive payment in respect of a Performance
Compensation Award only to the extent that: (i) the Performance Goals for such period are achieved and (ii) all or some of the portion
of such Participants Performance Compensation Award has been earned for the Performance Period based on the application of the
Performance Formula to such achieved Performance Goals. Following the completion of a Performance Period, the Committee shall determine
whether, and to what extent, the Performance Goals for the Performance Period have been achieved and, if so, calculate the amount of the
Performance Compensation Awards earned for the period based upon the Performance Formula. The Committee shall then determine the amount
of each Participants Performance Compensation Award actually payable for the Performance Period.

13

13. Changes in
Capital Structure and Similar Events. In the event of (a) any dividend
(other than ordinary cash dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Shares, other securities or other
property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, spin-off,
split-up, split-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Common Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants
or other rights to acquire Common Shares or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event
(including, without limitation, a Change in Control) that affects the Common Shares, or (b) unusual or infrequently occurring events
(including, without limitation, a Change in Control) affecting the Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the
Company or any Affiliate, or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements of any governmental body or
securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, accounting principles or law, such that in either case an adjustment is
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate, then the Committee shall make any such
adjustments in such manner as it may deem equitable, subject to the requirements of Code Sections 409A, 421, and 422, if applicable,
including without limitation any or all of the following:

(a) adjusting
any or all of (i) the number of Common Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other
property) that may be delivered in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, without
limitation, adjusting any or all of the limitations under Section 5 of the Plan) and (ii) the terms of any outstanding Award, including,
without limitation, (A) the number of Common Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other
property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate, (B) the Exercise Price or Strike Price with respect to
any Award or (C) any applicable performance measures (including, without limitation, Performance Criteria and Performance Goals)

(b) providing
for a substitution or assumption of Awards in a manner that substantially preserves the applicable terms of such Awards

(c) accelerating
the exercisability or vesting of, lapse of restrictions on, or termination of, Awards or providing for a period of time for exercise prior
to the occurrence of such event

(d) modifying
the terms of Awards to add events, conditions or circumstances (including termination of employment within a specified period after a
Change in Control) upon which the exercisability or vesting of or lapse of restrictions thereon will accelerate

(e) deeming
any performance measures (including, without limitation, Performance Criteria and Performance Goals) satisfied at target, maximum or actual
performance through closing or such other level determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or providing for the performance measures
to continue (as is or as adjusted by the Committee) after closing

(f) providing
that for a period prior to the Change in Control determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, any Options or SARs that would not
otherwise become exercisable prior to the Change in Control will be exercisable as to all Common Shares subject thereto (but any such
exercise will be contingent upon and subject to the occurrence of the Change in Control and if the Change in Control does not take place
after giving such notice for any reason whatsoever, the exercise will be null and void) and that any Options or SARs not exercised prior
to the consummation of the Change in Control will terminate and be of no further force and effect as of the consummation of the Change
in Control and

(g) canceling
any one or more outstanding Awards and causing to be paid to the holders thereof, in cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property,
or any combination thereof, the value of such Awards, if any, as determined by the Committee (which if applicable may be based upon the
price per Common Share received or to be received by other stockholders of the Company in such event), including without limitation, in
the case of an outstanding Option or SAR, a cash payment in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value (as of a date
specified by the Committee) of the Common Shares subject to such Option or SAR over the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price of such
Option or SAR, respectively (it being understood that, in such event, any Option or SAR having a per share Exercise Price or Strike Price
equal to, or in excess of, the Fair Market Value of a Common Share subject thereto may be canceled and terminated without any payment
or consideration therefor) provided, however, that in the case of any equity restructuring (within the
meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718), the Committee shall make an equitable
or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect such equity restructuring. The Company shall give each Participant notice
of an adjustment hereunder and, upon notice, such adjustment shall be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes.

14

14. Amendments and
Termination.

(a) Amendment
and Termination of the Plan. The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at
any time provided that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made without stockholder
approval if such approval is necessary to comply with any tax or regulatory requirement applicable to the Plan (including, without limitation,
as necessary to comply with any rules or requirements of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common
Shares may be listed or quoted) provided, further, that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance
or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore
granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary.

(b) Amendment
of Award Agreements; Repricing. The Committee may, to the extent consistent with the terms of any applicable Award Agreement,
waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted
or the associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension,
discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant with respect to any
Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant, unless the Committee
determines, in its sole discretion, that the amendment is necessary for the Award to comply with Code Section 409A. In addition, the Committee
shall, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, have the authority to reduce the
exercise price per share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or cancel outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights
in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price per share that is less than the exercise
price per share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights.

15. General.

(a) Award
Agreements. Each Award under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant (whether
in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract
with the Company)) and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable thereto, including, without limitation,
the effect on such Award of the death, disability or termination of employment or service of a Participant, or of such other events as
may be determined by the Committee.

(b) Nontransferability.

(i) Each
Award shall be exercisable only by a Participant during the Participants lifetime, or, if permissible under Applicable Law, by
the Participants legal guardian or representative. No Award may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred
or encumbered by a Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation,
pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or an Affiliate provided
that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance.

(ii) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be transferred by a Participant,
without consideration, subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt consistent with any applicable Award Agreement to preserve the
purposes of the Plan, to: (A) any person who is a family member of the Participant, as such term is used in the instructions
to Form S-8 under the Securities Act (collectively, the Immediate Family Members) (B) a trust solely for the
benefit of the Participant and his Immediate Family Members (C) a partnership or limited liability company whose only partners or
stockholders are the Participant and his Immediate Family Members or (D) any other transferee as may be approved either (I)
by the Board or the Committee in its sole discretion, or (II) as provided in the applicable Award Agreement (each transferee described
in clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) above is hereinafter referred to as, a Permitted Transferee) provided
that the Participant gives the Committee advance written notice describing the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer and the Committee
notifies the Participant in writing that such a transfer would comply with the requirements of the Plan.

(iii) The
terms of any Award transferred in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to the Permitted Transferee and any reference
in the Plan, or in any applicable Award Agreement, to a Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee, except that
(A) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Award, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
(B) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to exercise any transferred Option unless there shall be in effect a registration statement
on an appropriate form covering the Common Shares to be acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the Committee determines,
consistent with any applicable Award Agreement, that such a registration statement is necessary or appropriate (C) the Committee
or the Company shall not be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise
have been required to be given to the Participant under the Plan or otherwise and (D) the consequences of the termination of the
Participants employment by, or services to, the Company or an Affiliate under the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement
shall continue to be applied with respect to the Participant, including, without limitation, that an Option shall be exercisable by the
Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods, specified in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.

15

(c) Tax
Withholding and Deductions.

(i) A
Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby
authorized to deduct and withhold, from any cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property deliverable under any Award or from
any compensation or other amounts owing to a Participant, the amount (in cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property) of any
required taxes (up to the maximum statutory rate under Applicable Law as in effect from time to time as determined by the Committee) and
deduction in respect of an Award, its grant, vesting or exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under the Plan and to take
such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee or the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such
taxes.

(ii) Without
limiting the generality of clause (i) above, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit a Participant to satisfy, in whole or in
part, the foregoing tax and deduction liability by (A) the delivery of Common Shares (which are not subject to any pledge or other security
interest and are Mature Shares, except as otherwise determined by the Committee) owned by the Participant having a Fair Market Value equal
to such liability or (B) having the Company withhold from the number of Common Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the
exercise or settlement of the Award a number of shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such liability.

(d) No
Claim to Awards No Rights to Continued Employment Waiver. No employee of the Company or an Affiliate, or other person,
shall have any Claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan or, having been selected for the grant of an Award, to be selected
for a grant of any other Award. A Participants sole remedy for any Claim related to the Plan or any Award shall be against the
Company, and no Participant shall have any Claim or right of any nature against any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company or any stockholder
or existing or former director, officer or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. There is no obligation for uniformity
of treatment of Participants or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards and the Committees determinations
and interpretations with respect thereto need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made selectively among Participants,
whether or not such Participants are similarly situated. Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving
any Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or an Affiliate, nor shall it be construed as giving
any Participant any rights to continued service on the Board. The Company or any of its Affiliates may at any time dismiss a Participant
from employment or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any Claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly
provided in the Plan or any Award Agreement. By accepting an Award under the Plan, a Participant shall thereby be deemed to have waived
any Claim to continued exercise or vesting of an Award or to damages or severance entitlement related to non-continuation of the Award
beyond the period provided under the Plan or any Award Agreement, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any written employment
contract or other agreement between the Company and its Affiliates and the Participant, whether any such agreement is executed before,
on or after the Date of Grant.

(e) International
Participants. With respect to Participants who reside or work outside of the United States of America, the Committee may in its
sole discretion amend the terms of the Plan or outstanding Awards with respect to such Participants in order to conform such terms with
the requirements of local law or to obtain more favorable tax or other and, in furtherance of such
purposes the Administrator may make such modifications, amendments, procedures, sub-plans and the like as may be necessary or advisable
to comply with provisions of laws in other countries or jurisdictions in which the Company or its Subsidiaries operates or has employees.

16

(f) Designation
and Change of Beneficiary. Each Participant may file with the Committee a written designation of one or more persons as the beneficiary(ies)
who shall be entitled to receive the amounts payable with respect to an Award, if any, due under the Plan upon his death. A Participant
may, from time to time, revoke or change his beneficiary designation without the consent of any prior beneficiary by filing a new designation
with the Committee. The last such designation received by the Committee shall be controlling provided, however, that
no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the Committee prior to the Participants
death, and in no event shall it be effective as of a date prior to such receipt. If no beneficiary designation is filed by a Participant,
the beneficiary shall be deemed to be his spouse or, if the Participant is unmarried at the time of death, his estate.

(g) Termination
of Employment/Service. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee at any time following such event and subject to Section 15(r)
of the Plan: (i) neither a temporary absence from employment or service due to illness, vacation or leave of absence nor a transfer from
employment or service with the Company to employment or service with an Affiliate (or vice-versa) shall be considered a termination of
employment or service with the Company or an Affiliate and (ii) if a Participants employment with the Company and its
Affiliates terminates, but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity
(or vice-versa), such change in status shall not be considered a termination of employment with the Company or an Affiliate.

(h) No
Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan or any Award Agreement, no person shall be entitled
to the privileges of ownership in respect of Common Shares or other securities that are subject to Awards hereunder until such shares
have been issued or delivered to that person.

(i) Government
and Other Regulations.

(i) The
obligation of the Company to settle Awards in Common Shares or other consideration shall be subject to all Applicable Laws, rules, and
regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to
the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling,
any Common Shares or other securities pursuant to an Award unless such shares have been properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities
Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company,
that such shares may be offered or sold without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom and the terms and conditions
of such exemption have been fully complied with. The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under the Securities Act
any of the Common Shares or other securities to be offered or sold under the Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to provide that
all certificates for Common Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such
stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan, the applicable Award Agreement, the federal
securities laws, or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or
inter-dealer quotation system upon which such shares or other securities are then listed or quoted and any other applicable federal, state,
local or non-U.S. laws, and, without limiting the generality of Section 9 of the Plan, the Committee may cause a legend or legends
to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the
contrary, the Committee reserves the right to add any additional terms or provisions to any Award granted under the Plan that it in its
sole discretion deems necessary or advisable in order that such Award complies with the legal requirements of any governmental entity
to whose jurisdiction the Award is subject.

17

(ii) The
Committee may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that legal or contractual restrictions
and/or blockage and/or other market considerations would make the Companys acquisition of Common Shares from the public markets,
the Companys issuance of Common Shares or other securities to the Participant, the Participants acquisition of Common Shares
or other securities from the Company and/or the Participants sale of Common Shares to the public markets, illegal, impracticable
or inadvisable. If the Committee determines to cancel all or any portion of an Award denominated in Common Shares in accordance with the
foregoing, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the
Common Shares subject to such Award or portion thereof that is canceled (determined as of the applicable exercise date, or the date that
the shares would have been vested or delivered, as applicable), over (B) the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price (in the case of
an Option or SAR, respectively) or any amount payable as a condition of delivery of Common Shares (in the case of any other Award). Such
amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof.

(j) Payments
to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Committee shall find that any person to whom any amount is payable under the Plan is
unable to care for his affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, then any payment due to such person or his
estate (unless a prior Claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal representative) may, if the Committee so directs the Company,
be paid to his spouse, child, relative, an institution maintaining or having custody of such person, or any other person deemed by the
Committee to be a proper recipient on behalf of such person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete discharge
of the liability of the Committee and the Company therefor.

(k) Nonexclusivity
of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for
approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may
deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options or other equity-based awards otherwise than under the Plan,
and such arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases.

(l) No
Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind
or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate, on the one hand, and a Participant or other person or entity, on the
other hand. No provision of the Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under the Plan,
to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or otherwise to segregate any assets,
nor shall the Company maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence of a segregated or separately
maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than as unsecured general creditors
of the Company, except that insofar as they may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by performance of services,
they shall have the same rights as other employees or service providers under general law.

(m) Reliance
on Reports. Each member of the Committee and each member of the Board shall be fully justified in acting or failing to act, as
the case may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in good faith, in reliance upon any report made by the independent
public accountant of the Company and its Affiliates and/or any other information furnished in connection with the Plan by any agent of
or service provider to the Company or the Committee or the Board, other than himself.

(n) Relationship
to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement,
profit sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan.

18

(o) Governing
Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts applicable
to contracts made and performed wholly within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions
thereof.

(p) Severability.
If any provision of the Plan or any Award or Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction or as to any person or entity or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the
Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the Applicable Laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed
amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall
be construed or deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or entity or Award and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award shall
remain in full force and effect.

(q) Obligations
Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization
resulting from the merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization
succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company.

(r) Code
Section 409A.

(i) Notwithstanding
any provision of the Plan to the contrary, all Awards made under the Plan are intended to be exempt from or, in the alternative, comply
with Code Section 409A and the authoritative guidance thereunder, including the exceptions for stock rights and short-term deferrals.
The Plan shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Each payment under an Award shall be treated as a separate
payment for purposes of Code Section 409A.

(ii) If
a Participant is a specified employee (as such term is defined for purposes of Code Section 409A) at the time of his termination
of service, no amount that is nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A and that becomes payable by reason of such
termination of service shall be paid to the Participant (or in the event of the Participants death, the Participants representative
or estate) before the earlier of (x) the first business day after the date that is six months following the date of the Participants
termination of service, and (y) within 30 days following the date of the Participants death. For purposes of Code Section
409A, a termination of service shall be deemed to occur only if it is a separation from service within the meaning of Code
Section 409A, and references in the Plan and any Award Agreement to termination of service or similar terms shall mean a
separation from service. If any Award is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A, unless the applicable Award Agreement
provides otherwise, such Award shall be payable upon the Participants separation from service within the meaning
of Code Section 409A. If any Award is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A and if payment of such Award would be accelerated or otherwise
triggered under a Change in Control, then the definition of Change in Control shall be deemed modified, only to the extent necessary to
avoid the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, to mean a change in control event as such term is defined
for purposes of Code Section 409A.

(iii) Any
adjustments made pursuant to Section 13 to Awards that are subject to Code Section 409A shall be made in compliance with the requirements
of Code Section 409A, and any adjustments made pursuant to Section 13 to Awards that are not subject to Code Section 409A shall be
made in such a manner as to ensure that after such adjustment, the Awards either (x) continue not to be subject to Code Section 409A or
(y) comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A.

(s) Expenses
Gender Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates. Masculine
pronouns and other words of masculine gender shall refer to both men and women. The titles and headings of the sections in the Plan are
for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings shall control.

(t) Other
Agreements. Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may require, as a condition to the grant of and/or the receipt of Common
Shares or other securities under an Award, that the Participant execute lock-up, stockholder or other agreements, as it may determine
in its sole and absolute discretion.

(u) Payments.
Participants shall be required to pay, to the extent required by Applicable Law, any amounts required to receive Common Shares or
other securities under any Award made under the Plan.

(v) Erroneously
Awarded Compensation. All Awards shall be subject (including on a retroactive basis) to (i) any clawback, forfeiture or similar
incentive compensation recoupment policy established from time to time by the Company, including, without limitation, any such policy
established to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (ii) Applicable Law (including, without limitation,
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act), and/or (iii)
the rules and regulations of the applicable securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Shares or other securities
are listed or quoted, and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated by reference into all outstanding Award Agreements.

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7I
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-7i_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.7.1

RAIN
ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

2024 INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NOTICE

Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc., Massachusetts corporation (the Company), pursuant to its 2024 Incentive Plan, as amended from
time to time (the Plan), hereby grants to the holder listed below (the Participant),
an award of restricted stock units (Restricted Stock Units or RSUs). Each vested
Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive, in accordance with the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the Agreement), one Common Share (a Share). This award of Restricted
Stock Units is subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Agreement and the Plan, each of which are incorporated
herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Restricted
Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) and the Agreement.

Participant: [__________________________]

Grant Date: [__________________________]

Total Number of RSUs: [_____________]

Vesting Commencement Date: [_____________]

Vesting Schedule: []

Termination: If the Participant experiences a termination of employment or service with the Company or its Subsidiaries, all RSUs that have not become vested on or prior to the date of such termination of employment or service will thereupon be automatically forfeited by the Participant without payment of any consideration therefor.

By his or her signature and
the Companys signature below, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement and this
Grant Notice. The Participant has reviewed the Plan, the Agreement and this Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to
obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Agreement and
this Grant Notice. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator
upon any questions arising under the Plan, the Agreement or this Grant Notice. In addition, by signing below, the Participant also agrees
that the Company, in its sole discretion, may satisfy any withholding obligations in accordance with Section 2.6 of the Agreement and
the Plan. Unless the Participant chooses to satisfy his or her tax withholding obligation by making a cash payment to the Company not
less than five (5) business days before any withholding obligation arises, the Participants acceptance of this Agreement constitutes
his or her instruction and authorization to the Company and any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to
sell on Participants behalf Common Shares from those Shares issuable to Participant as the Company determines to be appropriate
to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy Participants tax withholding obligation.

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.: PARTICIPANT:

By: By: 

Print Name: Print Name: 

Title: 

Address: Address: 

EXHIBIT A

TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD
GRANT NOTICE

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Pursuant to the Restricted
Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) to which this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this
Agreement) is attached, Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company),
has granted to the Participant the number of restricted stock units (Restricted Stock Units or RSUs)
set forth in the Grant Notice under the Companys 2024 Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan).
Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive one Common Share (a Share) upon vesting.

ARTICLE
I.

GENERAL

1.1 Defined
Terms. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan and the Grant Notice.

1.2 Incorporation
of Terms of Plan. The RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. In the
event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control.

ARTICLE
II.

GRANT
OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS

2.1 Grant
of RSUs. Pursuant to the Grant Notice and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, effective as of
the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice, the Company hereby grants to the Participant an award of RSUs under the Plan in consideration
of the Participants past or continued employment with or service to the Company or any Subsidiaries and for other good and valuable
consideration.

2.2 Unsecured
Obligation to RSUs. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in the manner set forth in Article 2 hereof, the Participant will have no
right to receive Shares under any such RSUs. Prior to actual payment of any vested RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation
of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.

2.3 Vesting
Schedule. Subject to Section 2.5 hereof, the RSUs shall vest and become nonforfeitable with respect to the applicable portion thereof
according to the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice (rounding down to the nearest whole Share).

2.4 Consideration
to the Company. In consideration of the grant of the award of RSUs pursuant hereto, the Participant agrees to render faithful and
efficient services to the Company or any Subsidiary.

2.5 Forfeiture,
Termination and Cancellation upon Termination of Service. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or the Plan, upon
the Participants termination of employment or service with the Company or its Subsidiaries for any or no reason, all Restricted
Stock Units which have not vested prior to or in connection with such termination of employment or service shall thereupon automatically
be forfeited, terminated and cancelled as of the applicable termination date without payment of any consideration by the Company, and
the Participant, or the Participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be, shall have no further rights hereunder
with respect to such forfeited RSUs. No portion of the RSUs which has not become vested as of the date on which the Participant incurs
a termination of employment or service with the Company or its Subsidiaries shall thereafter become vested, except as may otherwise be
provided by the Administrator or as set forth in a written agreement between the Company and the Participant.

A-1

2.6 Issuance
of Shares upon Vesting.

(a) As
soon as administratively practicable following the vesting of any Restricted Stock Units pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, but in no event
later than 30 days after such vesting date (for the avoidance of doubt, this deadline is intended to comply with the short term
deferral exemption from Section 409A of the Code), the Company shall deliver to the Participant (or any transferee permitted under
Section 3.2 hereof) a number of Shares equal to the number of RSUs subject to this Award that vest on the applicable vesting date. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event Shares cannot be issued pursuant to Section 9(d) of the Plan, the Shares shall be issued pursuant to the preceding
sentence as soon as administratively practicable after the Administrator determines that Shares can again be issued in accordance with
such Section.

(b) As
set forth in Section 14(c) of the Plan, the Company shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or to require the Participant
to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all applicable federal, state and local taxes required by law to be withheld
with respect to any taxable event arising in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. Additionally, the Company may, in its sole discretion,
satisfy any withholding obligations relating to Participants RSUs by any of the following means or by a combination of such means:
(i) withholding Common Shares otherwise issuable to the Participant upon vesting of the RSUs, (ii) instructing a broker on the Participants
behalf to sell Common Shares otherwise issuable to the Participant upon vesting of the RSUs sufficient to generate net proceeds sufficient
to satisfy the Companys minimum statutory withholding obligations with respect to the income recognized by the Participant upon
the vesting of the RSUs (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for all tax purposes, including payroll and social security taxes,
that are applicable to such income) and the net proceeds of such sale shall be submitted to the Company, (iii) requiring Participant to
make a payment in cash to the Company, or (iv) using any other method approved by the Company, and to the extent required by applicable
laws or the Plan, approved by the Administrator. Until determined otherwise by the Company, clause (ii) will be the method by which such
withholding obligations are satisfied, unless the Participant choses to satisfy his or her withholding obligation in accordance with clause
(iii) at any time not less than five (5) business days before any withholding obligation arises. The Company shall not be obligated to
deliver any Shares to the Participant or the Participants legal representative unless and until the Participant or the Participants
legal representative shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state and local taxes applicable to the
taxable income of the Participant resulting from the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the issuance of Shares.

(c) Without
prejudice to the provisions of Section 14(c) of the Plan, Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company
or, if different, the Employer, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social security and other tax-related items related to Participants
participation in the Plan and the RSUs and legally applicable to Participant or deemed by the Company, the Board or the Employer in its
discretion to be an appropriate charge to Participant even if legally applicable to the Company, Board or the Employer (to the extent
lawful) (collectively, Tax-Related Items) is and remains Participants responsibility and may exceed the amount
(if any) withheld by the Company, the Board or the Employer, and Participant hereby covenants to pay any such Tax-Related Items, as and
when requested by the Employer, the Company, the Board, any Affiliate or any tax authority. Participant further acknowledges that (i)
neither the Company, the Board nor the Employer make any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items
in connection with any aspect of the RSUs including, without limitation, the grant or vesting of the RSUs or the subsequent sale/disposal
of the RSUs; and (ii) the Company, the Board and the Employer do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the RSUs to reduce
or eliminate Participants liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to
Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the date on which the RSUs are granted and the date of any relevant taxable or
tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that the Company, the Board or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable)
may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.

A-2

2.7 Conditions
to Delivery of Shares. The Shares deliverable hereunder may be either previously authorized but unissued Shares, treasury Shares or
issued Shares which have then been reacquired by the Company. Such Shares shall be fully paid and nonassessable. The Company shall not
be required to issue Shares deliverable hereunder prior to fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 9(d) of the Plan.

2.8 Rights
as Stockholder. The holder of the RSUs shall not be, nor have any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company, including,
without limitation, voting rights and rights to dividends, in respect of the RSUs and any Shares underlying the RSUs and deliverable hereunder
unless and until such Shares shall have been issued by the Company and held of record by such holder (as evidenced by the appropriate
entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or
other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 12 or 13 of the Plan.

ARTICLE
III.

OTHER
PROVISIONS

3.1 Administration.
The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation
and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations
and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other
interested persons. No member of the Administrator or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation
made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Agreement or the RSUs.

3.2 Transferability.
The RSUs shall be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section 14(b) of the Plan.

3.3 Tax
Consultation. The Participant understands that the Participant may suffer adverse tax consequences in connection with the RSUs granted
pursuant to this Agreement (and the Shares issuable with respect thereto). The Participant represents that the Participant has consulted
with any tax consultants the Participant deems advisable in connection with the RSUs and the issuance of Shares with respect thereto and
that the Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax advice.

3.4 Binding
Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of the RSUs contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

3.5 Adjustments
Upon Specified Events. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting of the RSUs in such circumstances as it, in its sole discretion,
may determine. The Participant acknowledges that the RSUs are subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as
provided in this Agreement and Section 12 of the Plan.

A-3

3.6 Notices.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of
the Company at the Companys principal office, and any notice to be given to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant
at the Participants last address reflected on the Companys records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 3.6, either
party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent
via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post
office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service.

3.7 Participants
Representations. If the Shares issuable hereunder have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state laws on
an effective registration statement at the time of such issuance, the Participant shall, if required by the Company, concurrently with
such issuance, make such written representations as are deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company or its counsel.

3.8 Titles.
Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

3.9 Governing
Law. The laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance
of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws.

3.10 Conformity
to Securities Laws. The Participant acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary
with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any other Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Plan shall be administered, and the RSUs are granted, only in such a manner as to conform to Applicable Law. To the extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such Applicable Law.

3.11 Amendment,
Suspension and Termination. To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified,
suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator or the Board; provided, however, that, except as
may otherwise be provided by the Plan, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect
the RSUs in any material way without the prior written consent of the Participant.

3.12 Successors
and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth in Section
3.2 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.

3.13 Limitations
Applicable to Section 16 Persons. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if the Participant is subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Plan, the RSUs and this Agreement shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth
in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that
are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed
amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule.

3.14 Employment.

(a) This
Agreement does not confer upon the Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or any Affiliate shall
not interfere with the ability of the Participants employer from time to time (the Employer) to terminate
the Participants service at any time, with or without cause, subject to Applicable Law.

A-4

(b) The
Plan is established voluntarily by the Company. It is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated
by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. The grant of the RSUs is voluntary and occasional
and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Awards, or benefits in lieu of Awards, even if Awards have
been granted repeatedly in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of
the Company. The RSUs are extraordinary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind for service of any kind rendered to the
Company or Affiliate, and which are outside the scope of your employment contract, if any and are not part of normal or expected compensation
or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end-of-service
payments, bonuses, long-service options, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments.

3.15 Entire
Agreement. The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including all Exhibits thereto, if any) constitute the entire agreement
of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to
the subject matter hereof, provided that the RSUs shall be subject to any accelerated vesting provisions in any written agreement between
the Participant and the Company or a Company plan pursuant to which the Participant participates, in each case, in accordance with the
terms therein.

3.16 Section
409A. This Award is not intended to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code (together with any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without
limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof, Section 409A).
However, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, if at any time the Administrator determines
that this Award (or any portion thereof) may be subject to Section 409A, the Administrator shall have the right in its sole discretion
(without any obligation to do so or to indemnify Participant or any other person for failure to do so) to adopt such amendments to the
Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement, or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive
effect), or take any other actions, as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate for this Award either to be exempt from
the application of Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A.

3.17 Limitation
on Participants Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement
creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust.
Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general
unsecured creditor of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to
the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when
payable hereunder.

3.18 Data
Privacy. The Company and/or its Affiliates will hold, collect and otherwise process certain personal data regarding the Participant
in connection with the administration of this Award and the Plan. All personal data will be treated in accordance with applicable data
protection laws and regulations.

* * * * *

A-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7II
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-7ii_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.7.2

RAIN
ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

RESTRICTED
STOCK GRANT NOTICE

The Participant has been granted
an award (the Award) of certain Common Shares (the Shares) of Rain Enhancement
Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), under the Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc. 2024 Incentive Plan (the Plan) as set forth below. This Restricted Stock Award is subject to
all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this restricted stock grant notice (this Restricted Stock Grant Notice),
in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly
defined herein but defined in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will have the same definitions as in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement.

Participant: []

Grant Date: [] 

Vesting Commencement Date []

Total Number of Shares: []

Vesting Schedule: []

By their signatures below,
the Company and the Participant agree that the Award is governed by this Restricted Stock Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Award
Agreement, which is attached to and made a part of this document. The Participant acknowledges receipt of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement,
represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with its provisions, and hereby accepts the Award subject to all of their terms
and conditions. Unless you make an 83(b) election and pay taxes in accordance with that election, you will be taxed on the Shares as
they become vested and must arrange to pay the taxes on this income. If the Administrator so determines, arrangements for paying the taxes
may include your surrendering Shares that otherwise would be released to you upon becoming vested or your surrendering Shares you already
own. The fair market value of the Shares you surrender, determined as of the date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash,
will be applied as a credit against the withholding taxes.

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. PARTICIPANT

By: By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Date: 

Date: 

ATTACHMENTS: Restricted
Stock Award Agreement

Attachment
I

Restricted
Stock Award Agreement

2

Rain
Enhancement Technologies HOLDCO, INC.

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

This Restricted Stock Award
Agreement (this Agreement), dated [] (the Grant Date), is made by and between
Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company) and [] (the Participant).
Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the same meaning set forth in the Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. 2024 Incentive
Plan (the Plan).

1. Grant
of Restricted Stock. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants (this Grant)
to the Participant [] restricted Shares (the Restricted Shares).

2. Vesting
and Forfeiture.

(i) Vesting.
The Restricted Shares will vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth on the Restricted Stock Grant Notice.

(iii) Termination
of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participants Service ceases for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares
shall be forfeited. Upon the forfeiture of any Restricted Shares pursuant to this Section 2, the Participant shall have no further
right with respect to such Restricted Shares.

3. Compliance
with Laws and Regulations. The issuance and transfer of Shares shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Participant
with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange
on which the Companys Shares may be listed. No Shares shall be issued pursuant to this Grant or transferred unless and
until any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction
of the Company and its counsel.

4. Taxes.

(i) Withholding.
The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant
any federal, state, local or other taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the issuance or vesting of the Restricted
Shares. The Company shall not remove the restrictive legend described in Section 7 hereof from any Shares until it is satisfied that all
required withholdings have been made (in addition to any securities law requirements regarding the need for such legends). Additionally,
the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any withholding obligations relating to Participants Restricted Shares by any
of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) purchasing Shares otherwise issued to the Participant under the Award, (ii)
requiring Participant to make a payment in cash to the Company, or (iii) using any other method approved by the Company, and to the extent
required by applicable laws, approved by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). Unless you make
an 83(b) election and pay taxes in accordance with that election, you will be taxed on the Shares as they become vested and must arrange
to pay the taxes on this income. If the Administrator so determines, arrangements for paying the taxes may include your surrendering Shares
that otherwise would be released to you upon becoming vested or your surrendering Shares you already own. The fair market value of the
Shares you surrender, determined as of the date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will be applied as a credit against
the withholding taxes.

3

(ii) The
Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant
any federal, state, local or other taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the issuance or vesting of the Restricted
Shares.

(iii) 83(b) Election.
The Participant hereby acknowledges that the Participant has been advised by the Company to seek independent tax advice from the Participants
advisors regarding the availability and advisability of making an election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and that any such election, if made, must be made within 30 days of the Grant Date. The Participant expressly acknowledges
that the Participant is solely responsible for filing any such Section 83(b) election with the appropriate governmental authorities,
irrespective of the fact that such election is also delivered to the Company.

(iv) Tax
Consequences. The Participant hereby agrees that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Award or its other compensation
programs in a manner that minimizes the Participants tax liabilities. The Participant will not make any claim against the Company,
or any of its officers, directors, employees or affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the Restricted Shares or the Participants
other compensation.

5. No
Right to Employment or Service; Clawback/Forfeiture/Recoupment of Awards for Breach of Contract. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer
upon the Participant any right to continue in the employment or service of the Company or any affiliate, or interfere with or limit in
any way the right of the Company or an affiliate to terminate the Participants employment or service at any time. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if, after the Participants employment or service is terminated for any reason, the
Participant breaches any material provision of any applicable confidentiality, non-compete, non-solicit, general release, covenant not-to-sue
or other similar agreement with the Company or any affiliate, then the Participant will forfeit any compensation, gain or other value
realized on the vesting or settlement of any award granted under this Agreement or the sale or other transfer of any award granted under
this Agreement and must promptly repay such amounts to the Company.

6. Rights
as a Shareholder. The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares unless or until such Restricted Shares are forfeited
pursuant to Section 2 above or are otherwise transferred, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a common shareholder
of the Company. Any dividends paid on the Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply
to the Restricted Shares.

7. Evidence
of Shares; Legend. The Participant agrees that, in the Companys discretion, the Participants ownership of the Restricted
Shares may be evidenced solely by a book entry (i.e., a computerized or manual entry) in the records of the Company
or its designated stock transfer agent in the Participants name, which shall be subject to a stop transfer order consistent with
this Agreement and the legend set forth below. If, however, during the period in which the restrictions remain in place, the Restricted
Shares are evidenced by a stock certificate or certificates, registered in the Participants name, the Participant acknowledges
that upon receipt of such stock certificate or certificates, such certificates shall bear the following legend and such other legends
as may be required by law or contract:

These shares have been issued pursuant
and are subject to forfeiture to Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. in accordance with the terms of an agreement between Rain
Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. and the person in whose name the certificate is registered. These shares may not be sold, transferred,
pledged, assigned, encumbered, alienated, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of except in accordance with the terms of said agreement.

4

The Participant agrees that
upon receipt of any such stock certificates for the Restricted Shares the Participant shall deposit each such certificate with the Company,
or such other escrow holder as the Board may appoint, together with a stock power endorsed in blank or other appropriate instrument of
transfer, to be held by the Company or such escrow holder until the applicable vesting date. Upon expiration of the applicable portion
of the restrictions, a certificate or certificates representing the Common Shares as to which the period of restriction has so lapsed
shall be delivered to the Participant by the Company, subject to satisfaction of any tax obligations in accordance with Section 4 hereof;
provided, that such Common Shares may nevertheless be evidenced on a noncertificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by applicable
law or the rules of any stock exchange, in which case such stop order shall be removed upon expiration of the applicable portion of the
restrictions.

8. Transferability.
The Participant may not transfer any Restricted Shares other than under the Participants will or as required by the laws of descent
and distribution. The Restricted Shares also may not be pledged, attached, or otherwise encumbered. Any purported assignment, alienation,
sale, transfer, pledge, attachment or encumbrance of the Restricted Shares in violation of the terms of this Agreement shall be null and
void and unenforceable against the Company or its successors. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Participant
agrees and acknowledges with respect to any Common Shares issued hereunder that have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act): (i) he will not sell or otherwise dispose of such shares except pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, or in a transaction which, in
the opinion of counsel for the Company, is exempt from such registration, and (ii) a legend will be placed on the certificates for the
shares, or to the extent that the shares are not certificated, a stop order will be placed on the shares, in each case, to such effect.

9. Entire
Agreement; Governing Law; Severability. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements
of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Participants
interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. The Plan and this Agreement shall replace in its entirety
any of the share incentive plan or award agreement, whether in writing or not, between, among others, the Participant and the Company/its
Subsidiaries/its Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to
revise this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with
Applicable Laws or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition in connection to this Award. This Agreement
shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. In the event that any provision hereof
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect.

5

10. No
Guarantee of Continued Service. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the vesting of the Restricted Shares pursuant to the vesting
schedule hereof is earned only by continuing as a service provider at the will of the Company (or the Affiliate or Subsidiary employing
or retaining Participant) and not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or acquiring Shares hereunder. Participant
further acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein
do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as a service provider for the vesting period, for any period,
or at all, and will not interfere in any way with Participants right or the right of the Company (or the Affiliate or Subsidiary
employing or retaining Participant) to terminate Participants relationship as a service provider at any time, with or without cause.

11. Data
Privacy. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form,
of Participants personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Award grant materials (Data)
by and among, as applicable, the Company, the employer or other service recipient, and any Subsidiary for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing Participants participation in the Plan.

Participant understands that
the service recipient may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participants name,
home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title,
any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Shares or any other entitlement to shares awarded,
canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participants favor.

Participant understands that
Data will be transferred to a share plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company
with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located
in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants
country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and
addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes
the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering
and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing,
administering and managing Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long
as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he
or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and
processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting
in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents
herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or
her status as a service provider or career with the service recipient will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of
refusing or withdrawing Participants consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Shares or other
equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent
may affect Participants ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participants refusal
to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative.

6

12. Notices.
Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the
Company at its principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Participant shall be in writing and addressed
to the Participant at the address indicated below the Participants signature line on the Restricted Stock Grant Notice. All notices
shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid and properly addressed to the party
to be notified.

13. Other
Plans. The Participant acknowledges that any income derived from any Restricted Shares shall not affect the Participants participation
in or benefits under, any other benefit plan or other contract or arrangement maintained by the Company or any of its Affiliates.

14. Interpretation.
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company to the Board
or its duly authorized designee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Board or its duly authorized designee shall be final
and binding on the Participant and the Company.

15. Successors
and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will
be binding upon the Participant and the Participants beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom the Restricted
Shares may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution.

16. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute
one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail
in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance
of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature.

17. Language.
If Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Award and/or the Plan translated into a language other
than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

RAIN
ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES Holdco, INC.

Name: 

Title: 

8

The undersigned hereby acknowledges, effective
as of the date first stated above, that the Participant has carefully read this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all of the provisions
set forth herein.

Participant:

Signature 

Name 

Date 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-8_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 17, 2024, BY AND AMONG COLISEUM ACQUISITION SPONSOR, LLC, BERTO, LLC, COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP. AND RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.8

LETTER AGREEMENT

December 17, 2024

Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.

21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237

Newburyport, MA 01950

Coliseum Acquisition Corp.

1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100

Las Vegas, NV 89144

Re: Private Placement Warrants

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement (this
Letter Agreement) is being entered into (i) in connection with the proposed business combination (the Business
Combination) contemplated by that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2024 (as amended on August
22, 2024 and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination
Agreement), by and among Coliseum Acquisition Corp. (Coliseum), Rain Enhancement Technologies,
Inc., Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. (Holdco), Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Holdco and Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coliseum and (ii) that certain Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement), dated June 15, 2023, by and among Coliseum, Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor LLC (Initial Sponsor)
and Berto, LLC (Berto).

1. Private
Placement Warrant Exchange. (i) Berto hereby agrees to surrender, at the closing of the Business Combination, the 2,257,000 private
placement warrants of Coliseum initially purchased by Initial Sponsor in a private placement in connection with Coliseums initial
public offering and acquired by Berto from Initial Sponsor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and (ii) Initial Sponsor hereby agrees to
surrender, at the closing of the Business Combination, the 967,500 private placement warrants (together with the private placement warrants
held by Berto, the Private Placement Warrants) of Coliseum purchased by it in a private placement in connection
with Coliseums initial public offering, and, in consideration of and upon such surrender, Holdco hereby agrees to issue (i) 564,250
shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Holdco (Holdco Class A Common Stock) to Berto
and (ii) 241,875 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock to Initial Sponsor. Upon the issuance of such shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock,
the Private Placement Warrants shall be cancelled, terminated and released and shall thereafter be of no further force or effect, and
no obligations or rights of any nature of any party under the Private Placement Warrants shall survive such cancellation.

2. Lock-Up.
The shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issued to Berto and Initial Sponsor in exchange for the Private Placement Warrants will be Lock-Up
Shares under that certain Lock-Up Agreement to be entered into by and among Holdco, Berto, Initial Sponsor and the other parties
thereto, in the form attached as Annex E to the Business Combination Agreement.

3. Trust
Account Waiver. Each of Berto and Initial Sponsor hereby agrees that it does not have a right, title, interest or claim of any kind
(each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with Coliseums initial
public offering for the benefit of Coliseum and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in
the future as a result of, or arising out of, this Letter Agreement and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason
whatsoever.

4. Entire
Agreement; No Modification. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect
of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written
or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement
may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by
a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

1

5. Assignment. No
party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be null and void and shall not
operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on each of the
parties hereto and each of their respective successors, heirs and assigns.

6. Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of
the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws
of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (a) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in
any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (b) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

7. Counterparts.
This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic transmission in portable
document format), and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same agreement.

[Signature pages follow]

2

Sincerely, 

BERTO, LLC 

By: /s/ Harry L. You

Name: Harry L. You

Title: Member

COLISEUM ACQUISITION SPONSOR LLC

By: /s/ Daniel Haimovic 

Name: Daniel Haimovic

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES 

HOLDCO, INC. 

By: /s/ Paul Dacier 

Name: Paul Dacier 

Title: President 

COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Oanh Truong 

Name: Oanh Truong 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Warrant Exchange Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-9_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. AND THE PIPE INVESTORS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.9

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
(this Subscription Agreement) is entered into on December [], 2024, by and between Rain Enhancement
Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), and the undersigned subscriber (Subscriber).

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into a definitive agreement with Coliseum Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Coliseum), Rain Enhancement
Technologies, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (RET), and the other parties thereto, providing for the combination
of the Company, Coliseum and RET (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement,
and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Transaction);

WHEREAS, upon completion of
the Transaction the Company will be the surviving publicly listed company on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC exchange (Nasdaq);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Transaction, Subscriber desires to subscribe for and purchase from the Company, immediately prior to consummation of the Transaction,
that number of shares of the Companys Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares),
set forth on the signature page hereto (the Subscribed Shares) for a purchase price of $11.38687861 per share
(the Per Share Price and the aggregate of such Per Share Price for all Subscribed Shares being referred to herein
as the Purchase Price), and the Company desires to issue and sell to Subscriber the Subscribed Shares in consideration
of the payment of the Purchase Price by or on behalf of Subscriber to the Company at or prior to the Closing Date (as defined herein);
and

WHEREAS, on or about the date
of this Subscription Agreement, the Company is entering, or may enter, into subscription agreements (the Other Subscription
Agreements and together with the Subscription Agreement, the Subscription Agreements) with certain other
investors (the Other Subscribers and together with Subscriber, the Subscribers), pursuant to
which such Subscribers have agreed to purchase on the closing date of the Transaction, inclusive of the Subscribed Shares, an aggregate
amount of up to [] Shares, at the Per Share Price (the shares of the Other Subscribers, the Other Subscribed Shares
and together with the Subscribed Shares, the Collective Subscribed Shares).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties and covenants, and subject to the conditions, herein contained, and intending
to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Subscription. Subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, at the Closing (as defined below), Subscriber hereby agrees to subscribe for and purchase, and
the Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to Subscriber, upon the payment of the Purchase Price, the Subscribed Shares (such
subscription and issuance, the Subscription).

Section 2. Closing.

(a) The
consummation of the Subscription contemplated hereby (the Closing) shall occur on the closing date of the Transaction
(the Closing Date), immediately prior to or substantially concurrently with, the consummation of the Transaction.

(b) At least three (3) Business
Days before the anticipated Closing Date, the Company shall deliver written notice to Subscriber (the Closing Notice)
specifying (i) the anticipated Closing Date and (ii) the wire instructions for delivery of the Purchase Price to the Company.
No later than two (2) Business Days prior to the anticipated Closing Date as set forth in the Closing Notice, Subscriber shall
deliver the Purchase Price for the Subscribed Shares by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the
account specified by the Company in the Closing Notice, such funds to be held by the Company in a segregated account until the Closing,
and deliver to the Company such information as is required in the Closing Notice in order for the Company to issue the Subscribed Shares
to Subscriber, including, without limitation, the legal name of the person in whose name the Subscribed Shares are to be issued and a
duly completed and executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or appropriate Form W-8. Upon satisfaction (or, if applicable,
waiver) of the conditions set forth in this Section 2, the Company shall deliver to Subscriber (i) at the Closing,
the Subscribed Shares in book entry form, free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those arising under this Subscription
Agreement or applicable securities laws), in the name of Subscriber (or its nominee in accordance with its delivery instructions), and
(ii) as promptly as practicable after the Closing, evidence from the Companys transfer agent of the issuance to Subscriber
of the Subscribed Shares on and as of the Closing Date. In the event that (i) the Company does not accept the subscription or (ii) the
consummation of the Transaction does not occur within ten (10) Business Days after the anticipated Closing Date specified in the
Closing Notice, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and the Subscriber, the Company shall promptly (but in no event
later than twelve (12) Business Days after the anticipated Closing Date specified in the Closing Notice) return the funds so delivered
by Subscriber to the Company by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account specified by Subscriber, and any book entries
shall be deemed cancelled. Notwithstanding such return or cancellation (x) a failure to close on the anticipated Closing Date shall
not, by itself, be deemed to be a failure of any of the conditions to Closing set forth in this Section 2 to be satisfied
or waived on or prior to the Closing Date, and (y) unless and until this Subscription Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Section 6 herein, Subscriber shall remain obligated (A) to redeliver funds to the Company following the Companys
delivery to Subscriber of a new Closing Notice and (B) to consummate the Closing upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth
in this Section 2. For the purposes of this Subscription Agreement, Business Day means any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. Any funds held in such segregated account
by the Company will be uninvested, and the Subscriber shall not be entitled to any interest earned thereon.

(c) The
Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction, or valid waiver by each of the parties hereto, of the conditions that on the Closing Date:

(i) the Companys Class A
Common Stock shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject only to official notice of issuatnce;

(ii) all conditions precedent to
the closing of the Transaction set forth in the Business Combination Agreement shall have been satisfied (as determined by the parties
to the Business Combination Agreement) or waived (other than those conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied at the closing
of the Transaction pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement), and the closing of the Transaction shall be scheduled to occur substantially
concurrently with or immediately prior to the Closing; and

(iii) no governmental authority shall
have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any judgment, order, law, rule or regulation which is then in effect and
has the effect of making the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal or otherwise restraining or prohibiting consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

2

(d) The
obligation of the Company to consummate the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction or valid waiver by the Company of the additional
conditions that, on the Closing Date:

(i) all representations and warranties
of Subscriber contained in this Subscription Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations
and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or Subscriber Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), which representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) at and as of the Closing Date; and

(ii) Subscriber shall have performed,
satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Subscription Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing.

(e) The
obligation of Subscriber to consummate the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction or valid waiver by Subscriber of the additional
conditions that, on the Closing Date:

(i) all representations and warranties
of the Company contained in this Subscription Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations
and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), which representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) at and as of the Closing Date;

(ii) the Company shall have performed,
satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Subscription Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing; and

(iii) there shall have been no amendment,
modification, or waiver to the Other Subscription Agreements that materially benefits any Other Subscriber thereunder (other than terms
particular to the legal or regulatory requirements of such Other Subscriber or its affiliates or related persons) unless the Subscriber
has been offered substantially the same benefits.

3

(f) Each book entry for the Subscribed Shares shall contain a notation, and each certificate (if any) evidencing the Shares shall
be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend, in substantially the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND
MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.

Section 3. Company
Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to Subscriber that:

(a) The
Company (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) has
the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and
to enter into, deliver and perform its obligations under this Subscription Agreement, and (iii) is duly licensed or qualified to
conduct its business and, if applicable, is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction (other than its jurisdiction of incorporation)
in which the conduct of its business or the ownership of its properties or assets requires such license or qualification, except, with
respect to the foregoing clause (iii), where the failure to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Subscription Agreement, a Company Material Adverse Effect means an
event, change, development, occurrence, condition or effect with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken together as a whole
(on a consolidated basis), that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
business, properties, general affairs, management, financial position, stockholders equity, or results of operations of the Company
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or on the Companys ability to consummate the Transaction contemplated hereby, including
the issuance and sale of the Subscribed Shares.

(b) As
of the Closing Date, the Subscribed Shares will be duly authorized and, when issued and delivered to Subscriber against full payment therefor
in accordance with the terms of this Subscription Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will not have been
issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights created under the Companys organizational documents (as adopted on or prior
to the Closing Date), by contract or the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

(c) This
Subscription Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery of the same by Subscriber, this Subscription Agreement shall constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors generally and by the availability of equitable remedies.

(d) Assuming
the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Subscriber, the execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement, the issuance
and sale of the Subscribed Shares and the compliance by the Company with all of the provisions of this Subscription Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or
provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the
property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of (i) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
loan agreement, lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject; (ii) the organizational
documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (iii) any statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any
court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
properties that, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii), would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.

4

(e) Assuming
the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Subscriber, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental
authority, self-regulatory organization (including Nasdaq) or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
of this Subscription Agreement (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Subscribed Shares), other than (i) filings required
by applicable state securities laws, (ii) the filing of the Registration Statement, (iii) the filing of a Notice of Exempt
Offering of Securities on Form D with the Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), if applicable, (iv) those required by Nasdaq, including with respect to obtaining stockholder approval, (v) those
required to consummate the Transaction as provided under the Business Combination Agreement, (vi) the filing of notification under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, if applicable, and (vii) the failure of which to obtain would not be reasonably
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Except
for such matters as have not had and would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, there is no (i) suit,
action, claim or other proceeding or arbitration before a governmental authority or arbitrator pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened in writing against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) judgment, decree, injunction, ruling or order of any
governmental authority or arbitrator outstanding against the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(g) No
broker or finder is entitled to any brokerage or finders fee or commission solely in connection with the sale of the Subscribed
Shares to Subscriber.

(h) Assuming
the accuracy of Subscribers representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Subscription Agreement, no registration
under the Securities Act or any state securities (or Blue Sky) laws is required for the offer and sale of the Subscribed Shares by the
Company to Subscriber.

(i) Neither
the Company nor any person acting on its behalf has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising
(within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any offer or sale of the Subscribed Shares. The Subscribed Shares are not being
offered in a manner involving a public offering under, or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act or any state securities
laws. Neither the Company nor any person acting on the Companys behalf has offered or sold or will offer or sell any securities,
or has taken or will take any other action, which would reasonably be expected to subject the offer, issuance or sale of the Subscribed
Shares, as contemplated hereby, to the registration provisions of the Securities Act.

5

(j) The Company is in compliance
with all applicable laws and has not received any written communication from a governmental entity that alleges that the Company is not
in compliance with or is in default or violation of any applicable law, except where such non-compliance, default or violation would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company is in all material
respects in compliance with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.

(k) The
Shares are eligible for clearing through The Depository Trust Company (the DTC), through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian
(DWAC) system, and the Company is eligible and participating in the Direct Registration System (DRS) of DTC with respect to the Shares.
The Transfer Agent is a participant in DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program. The Shares are not, and have not been at
any time, subject to any DTC chill, freeze or similar restriction with respect to any DTC services, including
the clearing of Shares through DTC.

(l) As
of their respective dates, each form, report, statement, schedule, prospectus, proxy, registration statement and other document required
to be filed by the Company, RET, and Coliseum with the Commission prior to the date hereof (the SEC Documents) complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Documents, when filed,
or if amended prior to the date of this Subscription Agreement, as of the date of such amendment with respect to those disclosures that
were amended, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements
of the Company, RET and Coliseum included in the SEC Documents comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company, RET and Coliseum, respectively, as of and for the dates thereof and the results
of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments,
and such consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP) (except as may be disclosed therein or in the notes thereto,
and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP). A copy of each SEC Document is available
to each Subscriber via the Commissions EDGAR system. There are no material outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters
from the staff of the Division of Corporation Finance (the Staff) of the Commission with respect to any of the SEC Documents
as of the date hereof.

(m) Upon
consummation of the Transaction, the issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock will be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act and will be listed for trading on Nasdaq.

6

(n) The
Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Subscribed Shares and consummation of the Transaction, will not be, an
investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(o) The
Company has not entered into any subscription agreement, side letter or other agreement with any Other Subscriber or any other investor
in connection with such Other Subscribers or investors direct or indirect investment in the Company other than the Other
Subscription Agreements. The Other Subscription Agreements have not been amended in any material respect following the date of this Subscription
Agreement and reflect the same Per Share Price and other terms with respect to the purchase of the Subscribed Shares that are no more
favorable to such Subscriber thereunder than the terms of this Subscription Agreement other than terms particular to the regulatory requirements
of such subscriber or its affiliates or related fund.

(p) Neither
the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has, directly or indirectly, offered the Subscribed Shares or any similar securities for sale
to, or solicited any offer to buy the Subscribed Shares or any similar securities from, or otherwise approached or negotiated in respect
thereof with, any person other than the Subscriber and a limited number of other accredited investors (within the meaning
of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act), each of which has been offered the Subscribed Shares at a private sale for investment.
Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the
Subscribed Shares to the registration requirements of section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any securities
or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction.

Section 4. Subscriber
Representations and Warranties. Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a) Subscriber
(i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and (ii) has
the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Subscription Agreement.

(b) This
Subscription Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Subscriber, and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
of the same by the Company, this Subscription Agreement shall constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of Subscriber, enforceable
against Subscriber in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors generally and by the availability of equitable remedies.

(c) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement, the purchase of the Subscribed Shares and the compliance by Subscriber
with all of the provisions of this Subscription Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will not conflict
with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation
or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of Subscriber pursuant to the terms of (i) any
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease, license or other agreement or instrument to which Subscriber is a party or
by which Subscriber is bound or to which any of the property or assets of Subscriber is subject; (ii) the organizational documents
of Subscriber; or (iii) any statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over Subscriber or any of its properties that, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii),
would reasonably be expected to have a Subscriber Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Subscription Agreement, a Subscriber
Material Adverse Effect means an event, change, development, occurrence, condition or effect with respect to Subscriber that
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Subscribers ability to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the purchase of the Subscribed Shares.

7

(d) Subscriber
(i) is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an accredited
investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act), in each case, satisfying
the applicable requirements set forth on Annex A, (ii) is acquiring the Subscribed Shares only for its own account and not for the
account of others, or if Subscriber is subscribing for the Subscribed Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts,
each owner of such account is a qualified institutional buyer and Subscriber has full investment discretion with respect to each such
account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations, warranties, and agreements herein on behalf of
each owner of each such account, and (iii) is not acquiring the Subscribed Shares with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection
with, any distribution thereof in violation of the securities laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction (and has
provided the Company with the requested information on Annex A following the signature page hereto and the information contained
therein is accurate and complete). Subscriber is not an entity formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Subscribed Shares and
is not an institutional account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c).

(e) Subscriber acknowledges
and agrees that the Subscribed Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the
Securities Act and that the Subscribed Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or
other jurisdiction and that the Company is not required to register the Subscribed Shares except as set forth in Section 5 of this
Subscription Agreement. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Subscribed Shares may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged
or otherwise disposed of by Subscriber absent an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, except (i) to the Company
or a subsidiary thereof, (ii) pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act (including
without limitation a private resale pursuant to so called Section 4(a)1), or (iii) in an ordinary course
pledge such as a broker lien over account property generally, and, in each of clauses (i)-(iii), in accordance with any applicable securities
laws of the states and other jurisdictions of the United States, and that any certificates or account entries representing the Subscribed
Shares shall contain a restrictive legend to such effect. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Subscribed Shares will be subject
to these securities law transfer restrictions, and as a result of these transfer restrictions, Subscriber may not be able to readily
offer, resell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of the Subscribed Shares and may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment
in the Subscribed Shares for an indefinite period of time. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Subscribed Shares will not be
immediately eligible for offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
as amended (Rule 144), until at least one year following the filing of certain required information with the Commission
after the Closing Date. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer,
resale, pledge or transfer of any of the Subscribed Shares.

8

(f) Subscriber
understands and agrees that Subscriber is purchasing the Subscribed Shares directly from the Company. Subscriber further acknowledges
that there have not been, and Subscriber hereby agrees that it is not relying on, any representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made to Subscriber by the Company, any of its affiliates or any control persons, officers, directors, employees, partners, agents or representatives,
any other party to the Transaction or any other person or entity, expressly or by implication, other than those representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements of the Company set forth in this Subscription Agreement. Subscriber acknowledges that certain information provided
by the Company was based on projections, and such projections were prepared based on assumptions and estimates that are inherently uncertain
and are subject to a wide variety of significant business, economic and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in the projections.

(g) In
making its decision to purchase the Subscribed Shares, Subscriber has relied solely upon independent investigation made by Subscriber.
Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that Subscriber has received such information as Subscriber deems necessary in order to make an investment
decision with respect to the Subscribed Shares, including with respect to the Company and the Transaction (including Coliseum and RET).
Subscriber represents and agrees that Subscriber and Subscribers professional advisor(s), if any, have had the full opportunity
to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such information as Subscriber and such undersigneds professional advisor(s),
if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with respect to the Subscribed Shares. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the Subscriber acknowledges that it has reviewed the Companys filings with the Commission. In connection with the
issuance of the Subscribed Shares to Subscriber, neither the Company nor any of its affiliates (nor any officer, director, employee or
representative of the Company or its affiliates) has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to Subscriber.

(h) Subscriber
became aware of this offering of the Subscribed Shares solely by means of direct contact between Subscriber and the Company and/or RET,
or their respective representatives or affiliates, and the Subscribed Shares were offered to Subscriber solely by direct contact between
Subscriber and the Company and/or RET, or their respective affiliates. Subscriber did not become aware of this offering of the Subscribed
Shares, nor were the Subscribed Shares offered to Subscriber, by any other means. Subscriber acknowledges that the Company represents
and warrants that the Subscribed Shares (i) were not offered by any form of general solicitation or general advertising and (ii) are
not being offered in a manner involving a public offering under, or in a distribution in violation of, the Securities Act, or any state
securities laws.

(i) Subscriber
acknowledges that it is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Subscribed Shares, including
those set forth in the SEC Documents. Subscriber has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable
of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Subscribed Shares, and Subscriber has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought,
such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as Subscriber has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision.

(j) Subscriber
has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Subscribed Shares and determined that the Subscribed Shares
are a suitable investment for Subscriber and that Subscriber is able at this time and in the foreseeable future to bear the economic risk
of a total loss of Subscribers investment in the Company. Subscriber acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss
exists.

9

(k) Subscriber
understands and agrees that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Subscribed Shares
or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

(l) Subscriber
and any person having a beneficial interest in Subscriber are not, and Subscriber is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of
(in connection with this Transaction), a Sanctioned Person or a Politically Exposed Person, or a family member or close associate of a
Politically Exposed Person. Subscriber is not an institution that accepts currency for deposit and that (a) has no physical presence
in the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or in which it is operating and (b) is unaffiliated with a regulated financial group
that is subject to consolidated supervision (a Shell Bank) or providing banking services to a Shell Bank. Subscriber
represents that if it is a financial institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by
the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and its implementing regulations (collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that Subscriber
maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. Subscriber also
represents that, to the extent required by applicable law, it maintains, either directly or through the use of a third-party administrator,
policies and procedures reasonably designed for the screening of any investors against Sanctions-related lists of blocked or restricted
persons. Subscriber further represents and warrants that (a) the funds held by Subscriber and used to purchase the Subscribed Shares
were not directly or indirectly derived from or related to any activities that may contravene U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. anti-money
laundering, anti-corruption or Sanctions laws and regulations or activities that may otherwise be deemed criminal and (b) the proceeds
from the Subscribers investment will not be used to finance any illegal activities. For purposes of this Agreement, Sanctioned
Person means at any time any person or entity with whom dealings are restricted, prohibited, or sanctionable under any Sanctions
(as defined below), including as a result of being : (a) listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated or blocked or restricted
persons; (b) that is a national of, the government of, or any agency or instrumentality of the government of, or resident in, or
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive Sanctions from time to time (as of the date of
this Agreement, Myanmar (Burma), Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela, and the Crimea region); or (c) a
relationship of ownership, control, or agency with any of the foregoing. Sanctions means those trade, economic and financial
sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, and restrictive measures (in each case having the force of law) administered, enacted or enforced
from time to time by (a) the United States (including without limitation the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department of Commerce), (b) the European Union and enforced by its member
states, (c) the United Nations and (d) the United Kingdom. A Politically Exposed Person means an individual
who is or has been entrusted with prominent public functions in a foreign country, including a head of state or of government, a senior
politician, a senior government, judicial or military official, a senior executive of a state-owned corporation, an important political
party official or a family member or close associate of any of the foregoing.

(m) Subscriber
and any person having a beneficial interest in Subscriber are not, and Subscriber is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of
(in connection with this Transaction), a person or entity resident in, or whose funds used to purchase the Subscribed Shares are transferred
from or through, a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering
or counter terrorist financing principles or procedures by the United States or by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as
the Financial Action Task Force, of which the United States is a member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury; or (iii) has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns (any such country or territory,
a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction), or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is organized
under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction.

10

(n) Subscriber
is not currently (and at all times through Closing will refrain from being or becoming) a member of a group (within the
meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) including any
group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of equity securities of the Company or Coliseum (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act).

(o) If
Subscriber is an employee benefit plan that is subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA),
a plan, an individual retirement account or other arrangement that is subject to section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan that is a governmental plan (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA),
a church plan (as defined in section 3(33) of ERISA), a non-U.S. plan (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) or other plan that
is not subject to the foregoing but may be subject to provisions under any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations
that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, or an entity whose underlying assets are considered to include plan assets
of any such plan, account or arrangement (each, a Plan) subject to the fiduciary or prohibited transaction provisions
of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, Subscriber represents and warrants that (i) neither the Company, nor any of its respective
affiliates, including Berto, LLC (the Transaction Parties), has acted as the Plans fiduciary, or has been
relied on for advice, with respect to its decision to acquire and hold the Subscribed Shares, and none of the Transaction Parties shall
at any time be relied upon as the Plans fiduciary with respect to any decision to acquire, continue to hold or transfer the Subscribed
Shares and (ii) the acquisition and holding of the Subscribed Shares will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

(p) Subscriber
at the Closing will have sufficient funds to pay the Purchase Price pursuant to Section 2.

(q) No
broker or finder is entitled to any brokerage or finders fee or commission solely in connection with the sale of the Subscribed
Shares to Subscriber.

(r) Subscriber
hereby agrees that neither it, nor any person or entity acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with the Subscriber, shall,
directly or indirectly, engage in any hedging activities or execute any Short Sales with respect to the securities of the Company or Coliseum
prior to the Closing Date or the earlier termination of this Subscription Agreement in accordance with its terms (other than pledges in
the ordinary course of business as part of prime brokerage arrangements). Short Sales shall include, without limitation,
all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, and all types of direct and indirect
stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, swaps and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), including
through non-U.S. broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 4(r) (i) shall
restrict Subscribers ability to maintain bona fide hedging positions in respect of the Warrants of Coliseum held by the Subscriber
as of the date hereof; (ii) shall prohibit any entities under common management or that share an investment advisor with Subscriber
from entering into any short sales or engaging in other hedging transactions; and (iii) in the case of a Subscriber that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Subscribers assets, this Section 4(r) shall
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Subscription
Amount covered by this Subscription Agreement. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Subscribed Shares may be pledged by Subscriber in connection with a bona fide margin agreement, provided that such pledge shall be
(1) pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act or (2) pursuant to, and in
accordance with, a registration statement that is effective under the Securities Act at the time of such pledge, and Subscriber effecting
a pledge of the Subscribed Shares shall not be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof; provided, however, that neither
the Company nor its counsel shall be required to take any action (or refrain from taking any action) in connection with any such pledge,
other than providing any such lender of such margin agreement with an acknowledgment that the Subscribed Shares are not subject to any
contractual lock up or prohibition on pledging, the form of such acknowledgment to be subject to review and comment by the Company in
all respects.

11

(s) Subscriber
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Commission Staff issued the Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations
for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies on April 12, 2021 (together with any subsequent guidance, statements
or interpretations issued by the Commission or its staff relating thereto or other accounting matters related to initial public offerings,
securities or expenses, the Statement), (ii) the Commission Staff have issued comments regarding the appropriate classification
of public shares as permanent or temporary equity (the Staff Comments), (iii) on July 1, 2024, final rules with
respect to the regulation of special purpose acquisition companies went into effect (the SPAC Rules and together with the
Statement and Staff Comments, the SEC Guidance) relating to, among other items, disclosures in business combination transactions
involving SPACs and private operating companies, the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell
companies, the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions, the potential
liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions, and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to
regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (iv) the Company, Coliseum, and RET continue to review the SEC
Guidance and its implications, including on the financial statements and other information included in its filings with the Commission,
including the SEC Documents, and (v) any restatement, revision or other modification of such filings relating to or arising from
such review, any subsequent related agreements or other guidance from the Staff of the Commission shall be deemed not material for purposes
of this Subscription Agreement.

(t) Subscriber
acknowledges that (i) the Company, RET, Coliseum, and any of their respective affiliates, control persons, officers, directors,
employees, agents or representatives currently may have, and later may come into possession of, information regarding the Company, Coliseum
and RET that is not known to Subscriber and that may be material to a decision to purchase the Subscribed Shares, (ii) Subscriber
has determined to purchase the Subscribed Shares notwithstanding its lack of knowledge of such information, and (iii) none of the
Company, RET or Coliseum or any of their respective affiliates, control persons, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives
shall have liability to Subscriber, and Subscriber hereby to the extent permitted by law waives and releases any claims it may have against
the Company, RET, Coliseum and their respective affiliates, control persons, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives,
with respect to the nondisclosure of such information.

12

Section 5. Registration
of Subscribed Shares. On the Closing Date, the Company, the Subscriber and certain of other parties thereto shall enter into the Registration
Rights Agreement (as defined in, and in the form of Exhibit F to, the Business Combination Agreement) which shall provide the Subscriber
certain registration rights as set forth therein.

Section 6. Termination.
This Subscription Agreement shall terminate and be void and of no further force and effect, and all rights and obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate without any further liability on the part of any party in respect thereof, upon the earlier to occur of (a) such
date and time as the Business Combination Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms and (b) upon the mutual written agreement
of the parties hereto to terminate this Subscription Agreement (the termination events described in clauses (a)-(b) above, collectively,
the Termination Events); provided, that nothing herein will relieve any party from liability for any
willful breach hereof prior to the time of termination, and each party will be entitled to any remedies at law or in equity to recover
losses, liabilities or damages arising from such breach. The Company shall notify Subscriber of the termination of the Business Combination
Agreement promptly after the termination thereof. Upon the occurrence of any Termination Event, except as set forth in the proviso to
the first sentence of this Section 6, this Subscription Agreement shall be void and of no further effect and any portion
of the Purchase Price paid by the Subscriber to Company in connection herewith shall promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business
Day) following the Termination Event be returned to the Subscriber.

Section 7. Trust
Account Waiver. Subscriber hereby acknowledges that Coliseum has established a trust account (the Trust Account)
containing the proceeds of its initial public offering (the IPO) and from certain private placements occurring simultaneously
with the IPO (including interest accrued from time to time thereon) for the benefit of Coliseums public shareholders and certain
other parties. For and in consideration of the Company entering into this Subscription Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Subscriber hereby (a) agrees that it does not now and shall not at
any time hereafter have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any assets held in the Trust Account, and shall not make
any claim against the Trust Account, regardless of whether such claim arises as a result of, in connection with or relating in any way
to this Subscription Agreement or any other matter, and regardless of whether such claim arises based on contract, tort, equity or any
other theory of legal liability (any and all such claims are collectively referred to hereafter as the Released Claims),
(b) irrevocably waives any Released Claims that it may have against the Trust Account now or in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company, and (c) will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for
any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 7 shall be deemed to limit any Subscribers
right to distributions from the Trust Account in accordance with Coliseums amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
in respect of public shares acquired by any means other than pursuant to this Subscription Agreement.

13

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

(a) All
notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim, or other
communication hereunder shall be deemed duly given (i) when delivered personally to the recipient, (ii) when sent by electronic
mail, on the date of transmission to such recipient; provided, that such notice, request, demand, claim or other communication is also
sent to the recipient pursuant to clauses (i), (iii) or (iv) of this Section 8(a), (iii) one
(1) Business Day after being sent to the recipient by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid), or (iv) four
(4) Business Days after being mailed to the recipient by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid,
and, in each case, addressed to the intended recipient at its address specified on the signature page hereof or to such electronic
mail address or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 8(a). A courtesy
electronic copy of any notice sent by methods (i), (iii), or (iv) above shall also be sent to the recipient via electronic mail
if provided in the applicable signature page hereof or to an electronic mail address as subsequently modified by written notice
given in accordance with this Section 8(a).

(b) Subscriber
acknowledges that the Company, Coliseum, RET, and others will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations
and warranties of Subscriber contained in this Subscription Agreement. Prior to the Closing, Subscriber agrees to promptly notify the
Company, Coliseum and RET if it becomes aware that any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties
of Subscriber set forth herein are no longer accurate in all material respects. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that each purchase
by Subscriber of Subscribed Shares from the Company will constitute a reaffirmation of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements,
representations and warranties herein (as modified by any such notice) by Subscriber as of the time of such purchase. The Company acknowledges
that Subscriber will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties of the Company contained
in this Subscription Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Company agrees to promptly notify Subscriber if it becomes aware that any of
the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties of the Company set forth herein are no longer accurate
in all material respects.

(c) Each
of the Company, Coliseum, RET, and Subscriber is irrevocably authorized to produce this Subscription Agreement or a copy hereof to any
interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

(d) Subscriber
shall pay all of its own expenses in connection with this Subscription Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.

(e) Neither
this Subscription Agreement nor any rights that may accrue to Subscriber hereunder (other than the Subscribed Shares acquired hereunder,
if any) may be transferred or assigned. Neither this Subscription Agreement nor any rights that may accrue to the Company hereunder may
be transferred or assigned (provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may transfer the Subscription Agreement and its rights
hereunder solely in connection with the consummation of the Transaction and exclusively to another entity under the control of, or under
common control with, the Company). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subscriber may assign its rights and obligations under this Subscription
Agreement to one or more of its affiliates (including other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager
who acts on behalf of Subscriber) or, with the Companys prior written consent, to another person, provided that no such assignment
shall relieve Subscriber of its obligations hereunder if any such assignee fails to perform such obligations.

14

(f) All
the agreements, representations and warranties made by each party hereto in this Subscription Agreement shall survive the Closing. For
the avoidance of doubt, if for any reason the Closing does not occur prior to the consummation of the Transaction, all representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereunder shall survive the consummation of the Transaction and remain in full force
and effect.

(g) The
Company may request from Subscriber such additional information as the Company may reasonably deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility
of Subscriber to acquire the Subscribed Shares and to register the Subscribed Shares for resale, and Subscriber shall provide such information
as may be reasonably requested. Subscriber acknowledges that, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 8(t), the Company and/or
Coliseum may file a copy of this Subscription Agreement with the Commission as an exhibit to a periodic report of the Company or Coliseum
or a registration statement of the Company or Coliseum.

(h) This
Subscription Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument in writing, signed by each of the parties hereto.

(i) This
Subscription Agreement and any non-disclosure agreement entered into by the parties hereto constitute the entire agreement, and supersedes
all other prior agreements, understandings, representations and warranties, both written and oral, among the parties, with respect to
the subject matter hereof.

(j) Except
as otherwise provided herein, this Subscription Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors,
administrators, successors, legal representatives, and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be
enforced by, any other person. Except as set forth in Section 8(b), Section 8(c) and this Section 8(j) with
respect to the persons specifically referenced therein, this Subscription Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person
other than the parties hereto, and their respective successor and assigns, and the parties hereto acknowledge that such persons so referenced
are third party beneficiaries of this Subscription Agreement for the purposes of, and to the extent of, the rights granted to them, if
any, pursuant to the applicable provisions.

(k) The
parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Subscription Agreement is being entered into in order to induce the Company to
execute and deliver the Business Combination Agreement and (ii) irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Subscription Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that money or
other legal remedies would not be an adequate remedy for such damage. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to equitable
relief, including in the form of an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Subscription Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Subscription Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which
such party is entitled at law, in equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Company
shall be entitled to specifically enforce Subscribers obligations to fund the Subscription Amount and the provisions of the Subscription
Agreement, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. The parties hereto further acknowledge and agree:
(x) to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection with any such equitable remedy; (y) not
to assert that a remedy of specific enforcement pursuant to this Section 8(k) is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to
applicable law or inequitable for any reason; and (z) to waive any defenses in any action for specific performance, including the
defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. In connection with any proceeding for which the Company is being granted an award of money
damages, the Subscriber agrees that such damages shall include, without limitation, damages related to the consideration that is or was
to be paid to RET under the Business Combination Agreement and such damages are not limited to an award of out-of-pocket fees and expenses
related to the Business Combination Agreement and this Subscription Agreement.

15

(l) In
any dispute arising out of or related to this Subscription Agreement, or any other agreement, document, instrument or certificate contemplated
hereby, or any transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the applicable adjudicating body shall award to the prevailing party, if any,
the costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the dispute and the enforcement of
its rights under this Subscription Agreement or any other agreement, document, instrument or certificate contemplated hereby and, if the
adjudicating body determines a party to be the prevailing party under circumstances where the prevailing party won on some but not all
of the claims and counterclaims, the adjudicating body may award the prevailing party an appropriate percentage of the costs and attorneys
fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the adjudication and the enforcement of its rights under this Subscription
Agreement or any other agreement, document, instrument or certificate contemplated hereby or thereby.

(m) If
any provision of this Subscription Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the
remaining provisions of this Subscription Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall continue in full force
and effect.

(n) No
failure or delay by a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Subscription Agreement, and no course of dealing
between the parties hereto, shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of such party. No single or partial exercise
of any right, power or remedy under this Subscription Agreement by a party hereto, nor any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce
any such right, power or remedy, shall preclude such party from any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
power or remedy hereunder. The election of any remedy by a party hereto shall not constitute a waiver of the right of such party to pursue
other available remedies. No notice to or demand on a party not expressly required under this Subscription Agreement shall entitle the
party receiving such notice or demand to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver
of the rights of the party giving such notice or demand to any other or further action in any circumstances without such notice or demand.

(o) This
Subscription Agreement may be executed and delivered in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic mail or in .pdf)
and by different parties in separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document. All counterparts
so executed and delivered shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same agreement.

16

(p) This
Subscription Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without
regard to the principles of conflicts of laws that would otherwise require the application of the law of any other state.

(q) EACH
PARTY AND ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM
OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OR RELATED TO THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY IN ANY
ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OTHER SUCH PARTY,
WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED
BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY
IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART,
TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT
AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT.

(r) Each
Party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of first, the Business Litigation Session of the Superior Court for Suffolk County, in the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts or if such court declines jurisdiction, then to any court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or the Federal
District Court for the District of Massachusetts, in any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement, agrees
that all claims in respect of the proceeding shall be heard and determined in any such court and agrees not to bring any proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement in any other courts. Nothing in this Section 8(r), however, shall affect the right
of any Party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law or at equity. Each Party agrees that a final judgment in any
Proceeding so brought shall be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law or at equity
with respect to any matters to which the parties have submitted to jurisdiction as set forth above.

(s) This
Subscription Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claim, action, suit or other legal proceeding based upon, arising out of,
or related to this Subscription Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Subscription Agreement, may only be brought
against the entities that are expressly named as parties or third party beneficiaries hereto and then only with respect to the specific
obligations set forth herein with respect to such party or third party beneficiary. No past, present or future director, officer, employee,
incorporator, manager, member, partner, stockholder, affiliate, agent, attorney or other representative of any party hereto or of any
affiliate of any party hereto, or any of their successors or permitted assigns, shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities
of any party hereto under this Subscription Agreement or for any claim, action, suit or other legal proceeding based on, in respect of
or by reason of the transactions contemplated hereby.

17

(t) Subscriber
hereby consents to the publication and disclosure in any press release issued by the Company, Coliseum or RET, any Form 8-K filed
by the Company or Coliseum with the Commission in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Business Combination Agreement (and, as and to the extent otherwise required by the federal
securities laws, exchange rules, the Commission or any other securities authorities or any rules and regulations promulgated thereby,
any other documents or communications provided by the Company, Coliseum or RET to any governmental entity or to any securityholders of
the Company, Coliseum or RET) of Subscribers identity and beneficial ownership of the Subscribed Shares and the nature of Subscribers
commitments, arrangements and understandings under and relating to this Agreement and, if deemed appropriate by the Company, Coliseum,
or RET, a copy of this Agreement, all solely to the extent required by applicable law or any regulation or stock exchange listing requirement.
Subscriber will promptly provide any information reasonably requested by the Company, Coliseum or RET for any regulatory application or
filing made or approval sought in connection with the Transaction (including filings with the Commission). For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing in this Agreement shall require or be deemed to require the Company, Coliseum or RET to make public or disclose any material,
non-public information that the Company, Coliseum and/or RET have provided to Subscriber or other filings of the Company or Coliseum with
the Commission. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall provide to Subscriber a copy of any proposed disclosure relating to the
Subscriber in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8(t) in advance of any publication thereof and shall include
such revisions to such proposed disclosure as Subscriber shall reasonably request.

(u) The
obligations of Subscriber under this Subscription Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any Other Subscriber or
any other investor under the Other Subscription Agreements, and Subscriber shall not be responsible in any way for the performance of
the obligations of any Other Subscriber under this Subscription Agreement or any Other Subscriber or other investor under the Other Subscription
Agreements. The decision of Subscriber to purchase Subscribed Shares pursuant to this Subscription Agreement has been made by Subscriber
independently of any Other Subscriber or any other investor and independently of any information, materials, statements or opinions as
to the business, affairs, operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects
of the Company, RET or any of their respective subsidiaries which may have been made or given by any Other Subscriber or investor or by
any agent or employee of any Other Subscriber or investor, and neither Subscriber nor any of its agents or employees shall have any liability
to any Other Subscriber or investor (or any other person) relating to or arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions.
Nothing contained herein or in any Other Subscription Agreement, and no action taken by Subscriber or investor pursuant hereto or thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute Subscriber and Other Subscribers or other investors as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or
any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that Subscriber and Other Subscribers or other investors are in any way acting in concert
or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Subscription Agreement and the Other Subscription
Agreements. Subscriber acknowledges that no Other Subscriber has acted as agent for Subscriber in connection with making its investment
hereunder and no Other Subscriber will be acting as agent of Subscriber in connection with monitoring its investment in the Subscribed
Shares or enforcing its rights under this Subscription Agreement. Subscriber shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its
rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Subscription Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any Other
Subscriber or investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.

[Signature pages follow.]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the Company and Subscriber has executed or caused this Subscription Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative
as of the date first set forth above.

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

By: 

Name: Christopher Riley 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notices 

21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237 

Newburyport, MA 01950 

ATTN: Paul T. Dacier 

EMAIL: paul.t.dacier@gmail.com 

with a copy (not to constitute notice) to: 

TCF LAW GROUP, PLLC 

ATTN : Stephen J. Doyle 

EMAIL : sdoyle@tcflaw.com 

And 

White & Case LLP 

1221 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10020 

ATTN: Joel Rubinstein 

EMAIL: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com 

[Signature Page to Subscription Agreement]

SUBSCRIBER 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for Notices: 

Name in which shares are to be registered:

Aggregate Number of Subscribed Shares subscribed for: 

Price Per Subscribed Share: $ 11.38687861 

Aggregate Purchase Price: $ 

You must pay the Purchase Price by wire transfer
of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account of the Company specified by the Company in the Closing Notice.

Signature Page to Subscription Agreement]

ANNEX A

ELIGIBILITY REPRESENTATIONS OF SUBSCRIBER

This Annex A should be completed and signed by
Subscriber

and constitutes a part of the Subscription Agreement.

A. QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER STATUS (Please check the box, if applicable)

Subscriber
is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act).

B. ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS (Please check the box)

Subscriber is an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) and has marked and initialed the appropriate box below indicating the provision under which it qualifies as an accredited investor.

C. AFFILIATE STATUS (Please check the applicable box)

SUBSCRIBER:

is:

is not:

an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144
under the Securities Act) of the Company or acting on behalf of an affiliate of the Company.

Rule 501(a), in relevant part, states that
an accredited investor shall mean any person who comes within any of the below listed categories, or who the issuer reasonably
believes comes within any of the below listed categories, at the time of the sale of the securities to that person. Subscriber has indicated,
by marking and initialing the appropriate box below, the provision(s) below which apply to Subscriber and under which Subscriber
accordingly qualifies as an accredited investor.

Any bank, registered broker or
dealer, insurance company, registered investment company, business development company, or small business investment company;

Any plan established and maintained
by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions for the benefit of
its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

Any employee benefit plan, within
the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if a bank, insurance company, or registered investment adviser makes
the investment decisions, or if the plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

Any corporation, similar business
trust, partnership or any organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, not formed for the specific
purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000; or

Any trust with assets in excess
of $5,000,000, not formed to acquire the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person.

SUBSCRIBER: 

Print Name: 

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-11_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LOAN AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 30, 2024, BY AND BETWEEN RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. AND RHY MANAGEMENT LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.11

LOAN AGREEMENT

This LOAN AGREEMENT, dated
as of December 30, 2024 (this Agreement) is entered into by and among Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.,
a Massachusetts corporation (the Borrower), RHY Management LLC, a limited liability company controlled by Harry L.
You (the Lender), and Harry L. You.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Lender is willing to lend to the Borrower and the Borrower desires to borrow from the
Lender up to $7,000,000;

WHEREAS, Harry You or his
affiliate has made loans and advances to Coliseum Acquisition Corp. (Coliseum) as set forth in Schedule I
hereto, which amounts remain outstanding as of the date hereof (the outstanding amount of such loans and advances, the Coliseum
Outstanding Amount) and has made loans and advances to Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc. (RET) as set
forth in Schedule II hereto, which amounts remain outstanding as of the date hereof (the outstanding amount of such loans and advances,
the RET Outstanding Amount, and together with the Coliseum Outstanding Amount, the Outstanding Amount);

WHEREAS, Coliseum wishes to
assign the Coliseum Outstanding Amount to Borrower, and Borrower wishes to assume the Coliseum Outstanding Amount, and Mr. You wishes
to consent to such assignment and, in connection therewith, to terminate the Coliseum Note (as defined below) and to forever forgive,
release, and discharge Coliseum for the Coliseum Outstanding Amount;

WHEREAS, RET wishes to assign
the RET Outstanding Amount to Borrower, and Borrower wishes to assume the RET Outstanding Amount, and Mr. You wishes to consent to such
assignment and to forever forgive, release, and discharge RET for the RET Outstanding Amount; and

WHEREAS, each of Mr. You,
Lender and Borrower consent to treating the Outstanding Amount as borrowed hereunder, provided that the Outstanding Amount will not reduce
the Commitment (as defined below).

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, and the conditions set forth below, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. The Loan.

(a) Commitment.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Lender agrees to make available to the Borrower from time to time from the date
hereof through the Maturity Date (as defined below), loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $7,000,000 (the Commitment).
As used herein, the term Loan means the sum of (x) the total outstanding loans made by the Lender to the Borrower
pursuant to Drawdown Requests under, and in accordance with the terms of, this Agreement and (y) the Outstanding Amount.

(b) Drawdown
Requests.

(i) From time to time from the date hereof through the
Maturity Date, provided that the Drawdown Conditions are satisfied or waived in Lenders sole discretion, Borrower may make
written requests to Lender to draw down all or a portion of the Commitment (each, a Drawdown Request). Each
Drawdown Request shall specify the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed and the date of the borrowing. Lender shall fund each
Drawdown Request via wire transfer no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that
the maximum amount of Loans outstanding under this Agreement at any time may not exceed the Commitment. Once an amount is drawn down
under this Agreement, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid.

(ii) As
a condition to Lenders obligation to fund a Drawdown Request (the Drawdown Conditions), (x) no Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing and (y) Lender shall have received a certificate dated as of the date of the Drawdown Request and
signed by on behalf of the Borrower by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Borrower certifying: (1) Borrower has
used its best efforts to raise equity, equity-linked, or debt financing on terms available in the market to a similarly-situated company
in similar circumstances (without taking into account the Commitment), and is unable to obtain alternate financing in the amount of the
Drawdown Request, (2) the funds requested in the Drawdown Request will be used for financing the operations and growth of the Borrower
and other general corporate purposes, (3) the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent (as defined below) after
giving effect to the Loan, (4) the representations and warranties of Borrower set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement are true
and correct in all material respects as if made on such date, and (5) the Borrowers compliance with the affirmative and negative
covenants set forth in Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement. As used herein, Solvent means each of the following:
(A) the fair value of the property of the Borrower and its subsidiaries is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent
liabilities, of the Borrower and its subsidiaries, (B) the present fair salable value of the assets of the Borrower and its subsidiaries
is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of the Borrower and its subsidiaries on its debts as they
become absolute and matured, (C) the Borrower does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond
the Borrowers ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (D) neither the Borrower nor its subsidiaries is engaged
in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which its property would constitute an unreasonably
small capital, and (E) the Borrower and its subsidiaries are able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments
as they mature in the ordinary course of business.

(c) Rollover
of Outstanding Amount; Release of Coliseum and RET.

(i) The
Lender, Mr. You, and Borrower agree that Mr. You or an affiliate has loaned or advanced the Coliseum Outstanding Amount to Coliseum and
has loaned or advanced the RET Outstanding Amount to RET. Coliseum hereby assigns to Borrower, and Borrower hereby assumes, the Coliseum
Outstanding Amount, and Mr. You hereby consents to such assignment. RET hereby assigns to Borrower, and Borrower hereby assumes, the RET
Outstanding Amount, and Mr. You hereby consents to such assignment. In furtherance of such assignments, Lender, Mr. You, and Borrower
agree that the Outstanding Amount is hereby deemed outstanding pursuant to this Agreement, provided that the Outstanding Amount will not
reduce the Commitment.

2

(ii) In consideration for
Borrowers agreement to assume the Coliseum Outstanding Amount, for the benefit of Coliseum, (x) Mr. You and Coliseum hereby
agree to terminate the Convertible Promissory Note dated June 22, 2023, between Coliseum, as borrower, and Berto LLC, as maker (the
Coliseum Note) and replace it in its entirety with this Agreement and (y) Mr. You, on behalf of himself and
each of his present and former affiliates (including Lender), successors, and assigns, hereby forever relieves, releases and
discharges Coliseum and its present and former employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, representatives, attorneys, and
each of them, from any and all claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, promises, acts, agreements, costs and expenses,
actions and causes of action, of every type, kind, nature, description or character whatsoever, whether foreseen or unforeseen,
known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, absolute or contingent, arising out of or in any manner whatsoever connected with or
relating to the Coliseum Outstanding Amount.

(iii) In
consideration for Borrowers agreement to assume the RET Outstanding Amount, for the benefit of RET, Mr. You on behalf of himself
and each of his present and former affiliates (including Lender), successors, and assigns, hereby forever relieves, releases and discharges
RET and its present and former employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, representatives, attorneys, and each of them, from
any and all claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, promises, acts, agreements, costs and expenses, actions and causes of action,
of every type, kind, nature, description or character whatsoever, whether foreseen or unforeseen, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected,
absolute or contingent, arising out of or in any manner whatsoever connected with or relating to the RET Outstanding Amount.

(d) Repayment.
The Commitment shall automatically terminate and the Borrower shall repay the outstanding principal and accrued unpaid interest of the
Loan, and the Loan shall become due and payable, on the earlier of (i) the second anniversary of the date hereof or (ii) the consummation
of a Change of Control (as defined below) (such earlier date, the Maturity Date). As used herein, a Change
of Control means the occurrence of either (x) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) other than Mr. You or his affiliates becomes the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the equity
interests of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the Borrowers board of directors or (y) the sale or transfer of all or
substantially all assets of the Borrower.

(e) Interest.

(i) The
Loan shall bear interest (based on a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months) on the unpaid principal amount thereof at a rate per annum
of five percent (5%), provided that, for any Loan made pursuant to a Drawdown Request in a month where the annual applicable federal
rate for short-term loans published on a monthly basis by the IRS is greater than five percent (5%), the interest payable with
respect to the portion of the Loan issued pursuant to that Drawdown Request shall be equal to such applicable federal rate (the Interest
Rate). Interest shall be due and payable in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date, and, after the Maturity Date, on demand.
The Quarterly Payment Date means the last Business Day of each March, June, September, and December of each year
commencing January 1, 2025.

(ii) If
any interest payment is not made on any Quarterly Payment Date, then such interest payment will be capitalized as follows: the aggregate
amount outstanding under the Loan will be increased by an amount equal to the then-outstanding Loan multiplied by the Default Rate
(as defined below).

(f) Voluntary
Prepayment. The Borrower may voluntarily prepay the Loan in whole or in part without premium or penalty. Prior to effecting any prepayment
of the Loan, the Borrower shall give the Lender at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice of the Borrowers intent
to prepay all or any part of the Loan, which notice shall specify the amount of such prepayment. As used herein, Business Day
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in New York.

3

(g) Withholding
for Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement shall be made without deduction
or withholding for any taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion
of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then
the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted
or withheld to the relevant governmental authority in accordance with applicable law. Any amount so deducted and paid to the relevant
governmental authority shall be treated as paid to the Lender. Prior to the date of the first Drawdown Request, the Lender shall deliver
to the Borrower a duly completed and executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that the Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax,
and, for so long the Loan is outstanding, if such form expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, the Lender shall deliver
to the Borrower an updated duly executed form or promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(h) Security
and Ranking. The Loan shall at all times constitute a direct, unconditional, senior unsecured, and general obligation of the Borrower.

2. Representations and Warranties. The Borrower represents
and warrants to the Lender and Mr. You that:

(a) Organization;
Powers. The Borrower is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect, is qualified to do business
in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.

(b) Authorization;
Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of the Loan and the use of
the proceeds thereof are within the Borrowers corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate or other organizational and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower
and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles
of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

3. Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower covenants
that so long as the Loan is outstanding:

(a) Compliance
with Law. The Borrower will comply with all laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations (including those administered by
the Office of Foreign Assets Control) to which it is subject, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and The Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977 and will obtain and maintain in effect all licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations
necessary to the ownership of its properties or to the conduct of its business, in each case to the extent necessary to ensure that non-compliance
with such laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations or failures to obtain or maintain in effect such licenses, certificates,
permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect.

(b) Existence. The
Borrower will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization. Subject to Section 4, the Borrower will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect all rights and
franchises of the Borrower unless, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, the termination of or failure to preserve and keep in
full force and effect such right or franchise could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect.

4

4. Negative Covenants. The Borrower covenants
that so long as the Loan is outstanding:

(a) The
Borrower shall not consolidate with or merge with any other entity or convey, transfer or lease substantially all of its assets in a single
transaction or series of transactions to any person unless:

(i) the
successor formed by such consolidation or the survivor of such merger or the person that acquires by conveyance, transfer or lease substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower as an entirety, as the case may be, shall be a Solvent corporation or other entity organized and existing
under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia) with a net worth in excess of the Borrower
immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction, and such entity shall have executed and delivered to the Lender its assumption
of the due and punctual performance and observance of each covenant and condition of this Agreement; and

(ii) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default (as defined below) shall have occurred and be continuing.

No such conveyance, transfer
or lease of substantially all of the assets of the Borrower shall have the effect of releasing the Borrower or any successor entity that
shall theretofore have become such in the manner prescribed in this Section 4 from its liability under this Agreement.

5. Events of Default. If any
of the events or circumstances set out below (each, an Event of Default) occurs:

(a) The
Borrower fails to repay the outstanding balance of the Loan when it becomes due and payable;

(b) the
Borrower defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein (other than those referred to in paragraph (a) of
this Section 5) and such default is not remedied within thirty (30) days after the Borrower receiving written notice of such default
from the Lender;

(c) any
representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower in this Agreement or in any writing furnished in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which made;

(d) the
Borrower (i) is generally not paying, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, (ii) files, or consents
by answer or otherwise to the filing against it of, a petition for relief or reorganization or arrangement or any other petition in bankruptcy,
for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar law of any jurisdiction,
(iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) consents to the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other
officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its property, (v) is adjudicated as insolvent
or to be liquidated, or (vi) takes corporate action for the purpose of any of the foregoing;

(e) with respect to the
Borrower, a court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction enters an order appointing, without consent by the Borrower, a
custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to it or with respect to any substantial part of its
property, or constituting an order for relief or approving a petition for relief or reorganization or any other petition in
bankruptcy or for liquidation or to take advantage of any bankruptcy or insolvency law of any jurisdiction, or ordering the
dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the Borrower, or any such petition shall be filed against the Borrower and such petition
shall not be dismissed within ninety (90) days;

5

(f) there
shall occur a Change of Control; or

(g) the
Borrower is dissolved or wound up.

then, and in each
such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (d) or (e) of this Section 5) and at any time
thereafter, the Lender may, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) declare
the outstanding balance of the Loan and all other amounts outstanding under this Agreement to be immediately due and payable, whereupon
such amounts shall become immediately due and payable and (ii) exercise any other remedies available at law or in equity; and in case
of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (d) or (e) of this Section 5, the Commitment shall automatically
terminate and the principal of the Loan then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of
the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any
kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

6. Default
Rate. If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then upon written notice by the Lender to the Borrower, the outstanding
principal balance of the Loan, any overdue installment of interest (to the extent permitted by applicable law), including interest accruing
after the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, will bear additional interest from the due date of such
payment, or from and after an Event of Default, at the rate of the Interest Rate plus 2% (the Default Rate),
until the payment is received or the Event of Default is cured, if permitted, or waived in writing in accordance with the terms hereof.

7. Survival
of Representations and Warranties; Entire Agreement. All representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution
and delivery of this Agreement. All statements contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower
pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed representations and warranties of the Borrower under this Agreement.

8. Treatment
of the Loan. The parties hereto agree to treat the Loan as debt for U.S. federal income tax, accounting and financial purposes (and
for other similar state and local tax purposes).

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Waivers
and Amendments. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended, waived or modified upon the written consent of each of the Borrower,
Mr. You, and the Lender.

(b) Assignment.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns, provided,
however, that no party may assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder without the express written consent of the other party.
If the Lender transfers or assigns any of its rights hereunder, any reference to the Lender shall thereafter refer to the transferor and
transferee to the extent of their respective interests.

(c)
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION, ENFORCEMENT OR TERMINATION HEREOF OR THEREOF, AND WHETHER ARISING IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any local, state or Federal court located
within the City of New York, and waives any defense of improper venue or forum non conveniens to the conduct of any
proceeding in any such court.

6

(d) Waiver
of Jury Trial. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CONTROVERSY, LEGAL ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BASED HEREON OR ARISING
OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING,
STATEMENT (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE BORROWER, THE LENDER, OR MR. YOU.

(e) Notices.
Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices, requests, demands, or other communications to or upon the Borrower, the Lender, or
Mr. You shall be in writing by mail or by email, and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered to such party at its
address as follows:

(i) if
to the Borrower,

Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.

1659 Chinaberry Ct.

Naples, Florida 34105

Email:

with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

TCF Law Group PLLC

101 Federal Street, Suite 1900

Boston, MA 02110

Attn: Stephen J. Doyle

Email: sdoyle@tcflaw.com

(ii) if to the
Lender or Mr. You,

RHY Management LLC

11660 Summit Club Drive #208

Las Vegas, NV 89135

Attn: Harry L. You

Email: harry@ysquaredinvestors.com

with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

White & Case LLP

1221 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attn: Joel Rubinstein

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com

7

(f) Validity.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be judicially determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

(g) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall be deemed
to constitute one instrument.

(h) Headings.
Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and are not to affect the construction
of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

(i) Register.
The Borrower shall keep at its principal executive office a register for the registration and registration of transfers of the Loan. The
name and address of each holder of the Loan, each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of the Loan each repayment
and prepayment in respect of the principal amount of the Loan, and the principal (and stated interest) owing from time to time to each
holder, shall be registered in such register. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the person in whose name the Loan
shall be registered shall be deemed and treated as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes hereof, and the Borrower shall not be
affected by any notice or knowledge to the contrary.

[THE REST OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date and year first written above.

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES

HOLDCO, INC.,

as the Borrower

By: /s/ Paul T. Dacier

Name: Paul T. Dacier

Title: President

RHY MANAGEMENT LLC, as the Lender

By: Harry L. You

Name: Harry L. You

Title: 

MR. YOU:

/s/ Harry L. You

Harry L. You

[Signature
Page to Loan Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-12_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORWARD PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2024, BY AND AMONG COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP., RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC., AND METEORA CAPITAL PARTNERS AND CERTAIN OF ITS AFFILIATES
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.12

Date: December 30, 2024

To: Coliseum Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (MITA), Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (Holdco) and Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (Target).

Address: 1659 Chinaberry Ct., Naples, Florida 34105

From: (i) Meteora Capital Partners, LP (MCP), (ii) Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP (MSTO) and (iii) Meteora Strategic Capital, LLC (MSC) (with MCP, MSTO and MSC collectively as Seller)

Re: OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction

The purpose of this agreement (this Confirmation)
is to confirm the terms and conditions of the transaction (the Transaction) entered into between Seller, MITA, Holdco
and Target on the Trade Date specified below. The term Counterparty refers to MITA until the closing of the Business
Combination (as defined below), then to Holdco following the closing of the Business Combination. In connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2024 (as amended on August 22, 2024, and as may be further amended,
modified, supplemented or waived from time to time, the BCA), by and among MITA, Target, Holdco, and the other parties
thereto (i) MITA will merge with and into Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Holdco (Merger Sub 1), with Merger Sub 1 as the surviving company of such merger (the SPAC Merger),
and (ii) following the SPAC Merger and as a part of the same overall transaction, Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of MITA, will merge with and into Target, with Target as the surviving entity of such merger (the Company
Merger and together with the SPAC Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the BCA, the Business Combination).

Certain terms of the Transaction shall be as set
forth in this Confirmation, with additional terms as set forth in one or more pricing date notice(s) (each, a Pricing Date Notice)
in the form of Schedule A hereto. This Confirmation, together with the Pricing Date Notice(s), constitutes a Confirmation
and the Transaction constitutes a separate Transaction as referred to in the ISDA Form (as defined below).

This Confirmation, together with the Pricing Date
Notice(s), evidences a complete binding agreement between Seller, MITA, Holdco and Target as to the subject matter and terms of the Transaction
to which this Confirmation relates and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous written or oral communications with respect thereto.

The 2006 ISDA Definitions (the Swap
Definitions) and the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions, and with the Swap
Definitions, the Definitions), each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., are
incorporated into this Confirmation. If there is any inconsistency between the Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation governs.
If, in relation to the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates, there is any inconsistency between the ISDA Form, this Confirmation
(including the Pricing Date Notice(s)), the Swap Definitions and the Equity Definitions, the following will prevail for purposes of such
Transaction in the order of precedence indicated: (i) this Confirmation (including the Pricing Date Notice(s)); (ii) the Equity Definitions;
(iii) the Swap Definitions, and (iv) the ISDA Form.

This Confirmation, together with the Pricing Date
Notice(s), shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement (the ISDA
Form) as if Seller, Target and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form (but without any Schedule except as set
forth herein under Schedule Provisions) on the Trade Date of the Transaction.

Prior to the Trade Date, Seller and its affiliated
entities and funds previously entered into various investment and subscription agreements with MITA and/or its sponsor, Coliseum Acquisition
Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and their respective affiliates, primarily for founder shares.

The terms of the particular Transaction to which
this Confirmation relates are as follows:

General Terms 

Type of Transaction: Share Forward Transaction

Trade Date: January 7, 2025

Pricing Date: As specified in a Pricing Date Notice.

Effective Date: One (T+2) Settlement Cycle following the Pricing Date.

Maturity Date: The earlier of (i) the date of the effectiveness of a registration statement filed by Holdco with the Securities and Exchange Commission following the closing of the Business Combination (the date of the closing of the Business Combination, the Closing Date) which registers for resale shares held by any investor who provided convertible loans to Counterparty on or after the Closing Date and (ii) the date of the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by Holdco with the Securities and Exchange Commission following the Closing Date pursuant to a registration rights agreement for the benefit of any lender to Holdco.

Termination Price: The Termination Price shall be $10.00.

Dilutive Offering Reset: Not applicable.

Seller: Seller.

Buyer: Counterparty.

Shares: Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share, of Coliseum Acquisition Corp. (Ticker: MITA) and, after the closing of the Business Combination, shares of the Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Holdco (Ticker: RAIN), owned and held by Seller on the day prior to the Closing Date (and which are not subject to redemption in connection with the closing of the Business Combination).

Number of Shares: The number of Shares specified in a Pricing Date Notice, but in no event more than the Maximum Number of Shares. The Number of Shares is subject to reduction only as described under Early Termination. 

Maximum Number of Shares: Initially 750,000 Shares.

Initial Price: Equals the Per-Share Redemption Price, as defined in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, effective as of June 22, 2021, as amended from time to time (the Articles of Association).

2

PIPE Subscription Agreement: Not applicable. 

Additional Shares: Not applicable. 

Prepayment Amount: A cash amount equal to (x) the product of (i) the Number of Shares as set forth in a Pricing Date Notice multiplied by (ii) the Initial Price less (y) the Prepayment Shortfall.

Prepayment: 

Subject to Counterparty receiving a Pricing Date
Notice, Counterparty will pay the Prepayment Amount by bank wire in immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller from
the Counterpartys Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company holding the net proceeds of the sale
of the units in Counterpartys initial public offering and the sale of private placement warrants (the Trust Account),
no later than the earlier of (a) one Local Business Day after the Closing Date and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Account are
disbursed in connection with the Business Combination (such date, the Prepayment Date).

Counterparty shall provide notice to (i) Counterpartys
trustee of the entrance into this Confirmation no later than one Local Business Day following the date hereof, with copy to Seller and
Sellers outside legal counsel, and (ii) Seller and Sellers outside legal counsel a final draft of the flow of funds
from the Trust Account one Local Business Day prior to the closing of the Business Combination itemizing the Prepayment Amount due to
Seller; provided that Seller shall be invited and permitted to attend any closing call in connection with the Business Combination.

Prepayment Shortfall: An amount in USD equal to one half of one percent (0.50%) of the product of (x) the number of Shares specified in the Pricing Date Notice multiplied by (y) the Initial Price; paid by Seller to Counterparty on the Prepayment Date (which amount shall be netted from the Prepayment Amount).

Prepayment Shortfall Consideration: Seller in its sole discretion, beginning on the day after the Closing Date, may sell Shares at any time at a price not less than the Termination Price, without payment by Seller of any Early Termination Obligation (as defined below) until such time as the gross proceeds from such sales equal 100% of the Prepayment Shortfall (such sales, Shortfall Sales, and such Shares, Shortfall Sale Shares). Each sale of Shares is a Shortfall Sale, subject to the terms and conditions herein applicable to Shortfall Sale Shares, until such time as the gross proceeds from such sales equal 100% of the Prepayment Shortfall. Thereafter, each sale of Shares is an Early Termination with respect to such Shares, subject to the terms and conditions herein applicable to Terminated Shares.

Variable Obligation: Not applicable.

Exchanges and Markets: Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, New York Stock Exchange LLC or NYSE American LLC and the OTC Markets Group LLC.

Payment Dates: Following the Closing Date, the last day of each calendar quarter or, if such date is not a Local Business Day, the next following Local Business Day, until the Maturity Date.

3

Reimbursement of Legal Fees and Other Expenses: Together with the Prepayment Amount, Counterparty shall pay to Seller an amount equal to the reasonable and documented attorney fees and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related thereto actually incurred by Seller or its affiliates in connection with this Transaction not to exceed (a) $10,000, and (b) expenses actually incurred in connection with the acquisition of any Shares acquired after the Trade Date and prior to the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed $0.08 per Share.

Settlement Terms 

Settlement Method Election: Not Applicable.

Settlement Method: Physical Settlement.

Settlement Amount: On the Maturity Date, in exchange for the return to the Counterparty of the Shares less any Shortfall Sale Shares and less any Terminated Shares (the Remaining Shares), Counterparty shall pay Seller an amount equal to the product of (x) the number of Remaining Shares and (y) the Initial Price (the Settlement Amount), which Settlement Amount shall be fully offset by the Prepayment Amount previously paid in respect of such Remaining Shares.

Shortfall Variance: Unless and until the proceeds from Shortfall Sales equal 100% of the Prepayment Shortfall, then the difference between (x) the Prepayment Shortfall, less (y) the proceeds from Shortfall Sales, shall be the Shortfall Variance, and the Counterparty, as liquidated damages in respect of such Shortfall Variance, on the Maturity Date shall pay in cash to Seller an amount equal to the Shortfall Variance.

Settlement Currency: USD.

Excess Dividend Amount: Ex Amount.

Early Termination: From time to time and on any date following the Closing Date (any such date, an ET Date) and, subject to the terms and conditions below, upon the sale of any Shares (the number of such Shares the Terminated Shares; provided that Terminated Shares does not include any, Shortfall Sale Shares). As of each ET Date, Counterparty shall be entitled to an amount from Seller, and the Seller shall pay to Counterparty an amount, equal to the product of (x) the number of newly Terminated Shares since the last ET Date (or the Closing Date if no prior ET Date) and (y) the Termination Price in respect of such ET Date (an Early Termination Obligation), except that no such amount will be due to Counterparty upon any Shortfall Sale. Seller shall pay the Early Termination Obligation to the accounts and in the amounts as directed by Counterparty. The remainder of the Transaction, if any, shall continue in accordance with its terms. The Early Termination Obligation shall be payable by Seller on the first Local Business Day following the date of settlement of the applicable sale of Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, no other amounts as may be set forth in Sections 16.1 and 18.1 of the Swap Definitions shall be due to Counterparty upon an Early Termination. The payment date may be changed within a quarter at the mutual written agreement of the parties.

Share Adjustments: 

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Extraordinary Events: 

Consequences of Merger Events involving Counterparty: 

Share-for-Share: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Other: Cancellation and Payment.

Share-for-Combined: Component Adjustment.

4

Tender Offer: Applicable; provided, however, that Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the reference therein to 10% with 25% and (ii) adding , or of the outstanding Shares, before of the Issuer in the fourth line thereof. Sections 12.1(e) and 12.1(l)(ii) of the Equity Definitions are hereby amended by adding or Shares, as applicable, after voting Shares.

Consequences of Tender Offers: 

Share-for-Share: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Other: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Combined: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Composition of Combined Consideration: Not Applicable.

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); provided that in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it shall also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq Capital Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors) or such other exchange or quotation system which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has liquidity comparable to the aforementioned exchanges; if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall be deemed to be the Exchange.

Business Combination Exclusion: Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision herein, the parties agree that neither any financing in connection with the Business Combination nor the Business Combination shall constitute a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Delisting or any other Extraordinary Event hereunder.

Additional Disruption Events: 

(a) Change in Law: Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by adding the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, adoption or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) after the word regulation in the second line thereof.

(b) Failure to Deliver: Not Applicable.

(c) Insolvency Filing: Applicable.

(d) Hedging Disruption: Not Applicable.

(e) Increased Cost of Hedging: Not Applicable.

(f) Loss of Stock Borrow: Not Applicable.

(g) Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: Not Applicable.

5

Determining Party: For all applicable events, Seller, unless (i) an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to Seller, or (ii) if Seller fails to perform its obligations as Determining Party, in which case a Third Party Dealer (as defined below) in the relevant market selected by Counterparty will be the Determining Party. When making any determination or calculation as Determining Party, Seller shall be bound by the same obligations relating to required acts of the Calculation Agent as set forth in Section 1.40 of the Equity Definitions and this Confirmation as if Determining Party were the Calculation Agent.

Additional Provisions: 

Calculation Agent: Seller, unless (i) an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to Seller, or (ii) if Seller fails to perform its obligations as Calculation Agent, in which case an unaffiliated leading dealer in the relevant market selected by Counterparty in its sole discretion will be the Calculation Agent.

In the event that a party (the Disputing
Party) does not agree with any determination made (or the failure to make any determination) by the Calculation Agent or the
Determining Party, the Disputing Party shall have the right to require that the Calculation Agent or the Determining Party, as applicable,
have such determination reviewed by a disinterested third party that is a dealer in derivatives of the type that is the subject of the
dispute and that is not an Affiliate of either party (a Third Party Dealer). Such Third Party Dealer shall be jointly
selected by the parties within one Local Business Day after the Disputing Partys exercise of its rights hereunder (once selected,
such Third Party Dealer shall be the Substitute Calculation Agent or Substitute Determining Party,
as applicable). If the parties are unable to agree on a Substitute Calculation Agent or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable, within
the prescribed time, each of the parties shall elect a Third Party Dealer and such two dealers shall agree on a Third Party Dealer by
the end of the subsequent Local Business Day. Such Third Party Dealer shall be deemed to be the Substitute Calculation Agent or Substitute
Determining Party, as applicable. Any exercise by the Disputing Party of its rights hereunder must be in writing and shall be delivered
to the Calculation Agent or Determining Party, as applicable, not later than the third Local Business Day following the Local Business
Day on which the Calculation Agent or Determining Party, as applicable, notifies the Disputing Party of any determination made (or of
the failure to make any determination). Any determination by the Substitute Calculation Agent or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable,
shall be binding in the absence of manifest error and shall be made as soon as possible but no later than the second Local Business Day
following the Substitute Calculation Agents or Substitute Determining Partys, appointment, as applicable. The costs of such
Substitute Calculation Agent or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable, shall be borne by (a) the Disputing Party if the Substitute
Calculation Agent or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable, substantially agrees with the Calculation Agent or Determining Party,
or (b) the non-Disputing Party if the Substitute Calculation Agent or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable, does not substantially
agree with the Calculation Agent or Determining Party, as applicable. If, after following the procedures and within the specified time
frames set forth above, a binding determination is not achieved, the original determination of the Calculation Agent or Determining Party,
as applicable, shall apply.

Following any adjustment, determination or calculation
by the Calculation Agent hereunder, upon a written request by Counterparty (which may be by email), the Calculation Agent will promptly
(but in any event within five Exchange Business Days) provide to Counterparty by email to the email address provided by Counterparty in
such written request a report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data) displaying in reasonable
detail the basis for such adjustment, determination or calculation (including any quotations, market data or information from internal
or external sources, and any assumptions used in making such adjustment, determination or calculation), it being understood that in no
event will the Calculation Agent be obligated to share with Counterparty any proprietary or confidential data or information or any proprietary
or confidential models used by it in making such adjustment, determination or calculation or any information that is subject to an obligation
not to disclose such information. All calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent shall be made in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner.

6

Non-Reliance: Applicable.

Agreements and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable.

Additional Acknowledgements: Applicable.

Schedule Provisions: 

Specified Entity: In relation to both Seller and Counterparty for the purpose of:

Section 5(a)(v), Not Applicable

Section 5(a)(vi), Not Applicable

Section 5(a)(vii), Not Applicable

Cross-Default: The Cross-Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Credit Event Upon Merger: The Credit Event Upon Merger provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Automatic Early Termination: The Automatic Early Termination of Section 6(a) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Other Events of Early Termination Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the Definitions or in the ISDA Form, if the Business Combination does not close and the Shares are redeemed pursuant to a SPAC liquidation and Reimbursement, this Transaction shall automatically terminate as of the time when redemptions are first effected without any amounts or other obligations being owed by either party to the other hereunder except for the payment by Counterparty to Seller of any amounts owing pursuant to Reimbursement of Legal Fees and Other Expenses herein.

Termination Currency: United States Dollars.

7

Additional Termination Events: 

Will apply to Seller. The occurrence of any of
the following events, and only these events, shall constitute an Additional Termination Event in respect of which Seller shall be the
Affected Party.

(a) The BCA is terminated pursuant to its terms prior to the closing of the Business Combination;

(b) If it is, or, as a consequence of a change in law, regulation or interpretation, it becomes or will become, unlawful for the Seller to perform any of its obligations contemplated by the Transaction; and

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
in the Definitions or in the ISDA Form, if an Early Termination Date is designated as a result of an Additional Termination Event, then
this Transaction will terminate as of such Early Termination Date without any amounts or other obligations being owed by either party
to the other hereunder.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Counterpartys
obligations set forth under the captions, Reimbursement of Legal Fees and Other Expenses, and Other Provisions 
(d) Indemnification shall survive any termination due to the occurrence of either of the foregoing Additional Termination Events.

Governing Law: New York law (without reference to choice of law doctrine other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law).

Credit Support Provider: With respect to Seller and Counterparty, None.

Local Business Days: Seller specifies the following places for the purposes of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: New York. Counterparty specifies the following places for the purposes of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: New York.

Representations, Warranties and Covenants

1. Each of Counterparty, Target, Holdco and Seller represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the other as of the date on which it enters into the Transaction that (in the absence of any written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for the Transaction) as follows. 

(a) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into the Transaction and as to whether the Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into the Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into the Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction. 

(b) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of the Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of the Transaction. 

(c) Non-Public Information. It is in compliance with Section 10(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

(d) Tender Offer Rules. Counterparty, Target, Holdco and Seller each acknowledge that the Transaction has been structured, and all activity in connection with the Transaction has been undertaken to comply with the requirements of all tender offer regulations applicable to the Business Combination, including Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

(e) Authorization. The Transaction, including this Confirmation, has been entered into pursuant to authority granted by its board of directors or other governing authority. It has no internal policy, whether written or oral, that would prohibit it from entering into any aspect of the Transaction, including, but not limited to, the purchase of Shares to be made in connection therewith.

8

(f) Enforceability. The Transaction, including the Confirmation, when executed and delivered by each of the parties, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of each such party, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, or (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. 

(g) Compliance with Other Instruments and Law. The execution, delivery and performance of this Transaction, including the Confirmation, and the consummation of the Transaction, will not result in any violation or default (i) of any provisions of its organizational documents, (ii) of any instrument, judgment, order, writ or decree to which it is a party or by which it is bound, (iii) under any note, indenture or mortgage to which it is a party or by which it is bound, (iv) under any lease, agreement, contract or purchase order to which it is a party or by which it is bound or (v) of any provision of any applicable federal or state statute, rule or regulation, in each case (other than clause (i)), which would have a material adverse effect on it or its ability to consummate the Transaction. 

(h) Affiliate Status. It is the intention of the parties hereto that Seller shall not be an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of Target or Counterparty, including MITA or Holdco, following the closing of the Business Combination, as a result of the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

2. Counterparty represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, Seller as of the date on which it enters into the Transaction, that: 

(a) Total Assets. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Counterparty shall publicly disclose on a Form 8-K or in a supplement or amendment to the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed in connection with the Business Combination the cash balance of the Trust Account available to pay redemptions. 

(b) Non-Reliance. Without limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges that Seller is not making any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing any view with respect to the treatment of the Transaction under any accounting standards. 

(c) Solvency. Counterparty is, and shall be as of the date of any payment or delivery by Counterparty under the Transaction, solvent and able to pay its debts as they come due, with assets having a fair value greater than liabilities and with capital sufficient to carry on the businesses in which it engages. Counterparty: (i) has not engaged in and will not engage in any business or transaction after which the property remaining with it will be unreasonably small in relation to its business, and (ii) as a result of entering into and performing its obligations under the Transaction, (a) it has not violated and will not violate any relevant state law provision applicable to the acquisition or redemption by an issuer of its own securities and (b) Counterparty would not be nor would it be rendered insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other applicable local insolvency regime). 

(d) Public Reports. As of the Trade Date, Counterparty is in material compliance with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, and all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, when considered as a whole (with the most recent such reports and documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained in any earlier such reports and documents), do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(e) No Distribution. Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to facilitate a distribution of the Shares (or any security that may be converted into or exercised or exchanged for Shares, or whose value under its terms may in whole or in significant part be determined by the value of the Shares) or in connection with any future issuance of securities. 

(f) SEC Documents; Disclosure. Counterparty shall make all regulatory filings that it is required by law or regulation to make with respect to the Transaction. The Counterparty shall comply with the Securities and Exchange Commissions guidance, including Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation No. 166.01, for all relevant disclosure in connection with this Confirmation and the Transaction, and will not file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any Form 8-K or, Registration Statement on Form S-4, including any post-effective amendment thereof, proxy statement, or other document that includes any disclosure regarding this Confirmation or the Transaction without consulting with and reasonably considering any comments received from Seller, provided that, no consultation shall be required with respect to any subsequent disclosures that are substantially similar to prior disclosures by Counterparty that were reviewed by Seller.

9

(g) Regulation M and Approvals. Counterparty is not on the Trade Date and agrees and covenants on behalf of itself and Target that it and Target will not be on any date Seller is purchasing shares that may be included in a Pricing Date Notice, engaged or engaging in a distribution, as such term is used in Regulation M under the Exchange Act, of any securities of Counterparty, other than a distribution meeting the requirements of the exception set forth in Rules 101(b)(10) and 102(b)(7) of Regulation M. Counterparty shall not and shall cause Target to not, until the second scheduled trading day immediately following dates referenced in the preceding sentence, engage in any such distribution.

(h) Investment Company Act. Counterparty is not and, after giving effect to the Transaction, will not be required to register as an investment company under, and as such term is defined in, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(i) Exclusivity. Counterparty, Holdco and Target shall not enter into, negotiate or exchange terms with any other party for any other Share Forward Transaction or any other similar arrangement during the term of this Transaction without the prior written consent of Seller. 

(j) Lock-Up Provision. The Shares Lock-Up Period, as such term is defined in the Lock-Up Agreement to be executed at the consummation of the Business Combination, by and among Coliseum Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the persons set forth on the signature page thereto, MITA, Holdco and Target, providing for the restriction of the transfer of shares of Counterparty by certain parties specified therein (the Lock-Up Agreement), shall be in effect as of the Closing Date and at all times prior to the Maturity Date, subject to exceptions stated in the Lock-Up Agreement. 

3. Seller represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees
with, Counterparty and Target as of the date on which it enters into the Transaction, that:

(a) Regulatory Filings. Seller will make all regulatory
filings that it is required by law or regulation to make with respect to the Transaction including, without limitation, as may be required
by Section 13 or Section 16 (if applicable) under the Exchange Act and, assuming the accuracy of Counterpartys Repurchase
Notices (as described under Repurchase Notices below) any sales of the Shares will be in compliance therewith.

(b) Eligible Contract Participant. Seller is an
eligible contract participant under, and as defined in, the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(18)) and CFTC regulations
(17 CFR 1.3).

(c) Tax Characterization. Seller shall treat the
Transaction as a derivative financial contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and it shall not take any action or tax return filing
position contrary to this characterization, except to the extent otherwise required by a determination within the meaning
of Section 1313 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law.

(d) Private Placement. Seller (i) is an accredited
investor as such term is defined in Regulation D as promulgated under the Securities Act, (ii) is entering into the Transaction
for its own account without a view to the distribution or resale thereof and (iii) understands that the assignment, transfer or other
disposition of the Transaction has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act.

Transactions by Seller in the Shares

Seller hereby waives the redemption rights set forth in the Articles of Association in connection with the Business Combination with respect to the Shares only during the term of this Confirmation. Subject to any restrictions set forth in this Confirmation, Seller may sell or otherwise transfer, loan or dispose of any of the Shares or any other shares or securities of the Counterparty in one or more public or private transactions at any time, provided that no such sales, transfers, loans or dispositions shall be made at a price less than the Termination Price. Any Shares that are not Shortfall Sale Shares sold by Seller during the term of the Transaction will cease to be included in the Number of Shares. 

10

Trust Account Waiver 

Seller hereby waives any and all right, title
and interest, or any claim of any kind they have or may have during the term of this Confirmation, in or to any monies held in the Counterpartys
Trust Account and agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account in each case, as a result of, or arising out of, this Transaction;
provided, however, that nothing herein shall (x) serve to limit or prohibit Sellers right to pursue a claim against the Counterparty
for legal relief against assets held outside the Trust Account, for specific performance or other equitable relief, (y) serve to limit
or prohibit any claims that the Seller may have in the future against the Counterpartys assets or funds that are not held in the
Trust Account (including any funds that have been released from the Trust Account and any assets that have been purchased or acquired
with any such funds), (z) be deemed to limit Sellers right, title, interest or claim to the Trust Account by virtue of such Sellers
record or beneficial ownership of securities of the Counterparty acquired by any means other than pursuant to this Transaction or (aa)
serve to limit Sellers redemption right with respect to any such securities of the Seller other than during the term of the Confirmation.

No Arrangements 

Seller, Counterparty and Target each acknowledge
and agree that: (i) there are no voting, hedging or settlement arrangements between or among Seller, Counterparty and Target with respect
to any Shares or the Counterparty or Target, other than those set forth herein; (ii) Seller may hedge its risk under the Transaction in
any way Seller determines (that does not otherwise violate the terms of this Confirmation), provided that Seller has no obligation to
hedge with the purchase, sale or maintenance of any Shares or otherwise; (iii) Counterparty and Target will not be entitled to any voting
rights in respect of any of the Shares underlying the Transaction; and (iv) Counterparty and Target will not seek to influence Seller
with respect to the voting or disposition of any Shares.

Wall Street Transparency and Accountability
Act 

In connection with Section 739 of the Wall Street
Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (WSTAA), the parties hereby agree that neither the enactment of WSTAA
or any regulation under WSTAA, nor any requirement under WSTAA or an amendment made by WSTAA, nor any similar legal certainty provision
in any legislation enacted, or rule or regulation promulgated, on or after the date of this Confirmation, shall limit or otherwise impair
either partys otherwise applicable rights to terminate, renegotiate, modify, amend or supplement this Confirmation or the ISDA
Form, as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased costs, regulatory change or similar event
under this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions incorporated herein, or the ISDA Form.

Address for Notices 

Notice to Seller: 

Meteora Capital, LLC

1200 N Federal Hwy, Ste 200

Boca Raton, FL 33432

Email: notices@meteoracapital.com

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:

DLA Piper LLP (US)

555 Mission Street, Suite 2400

San Francisco, CA 94105-2933

Attention: Jeffrey C. Selman

Email: jeffrey.selman@us.dlapiper.com

Notice to Counterparty: 

Coliseum Acquisition Corp.

1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100

Las Vegas, NV 89144

Attn: Harry L. You, Chairman of the Board

Email: harry@dmytechnology.com

11

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:

White & Case LLP

1221 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020-1095

Attn: Joel Rubenstein, Partner

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com

Following the Closing of the Business Combination:

Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.

1659 Chinaberry Ct.

Naples, Florida 34105

Attention: Chris Riley, co-Chief Executive Officer

E-mail: chrisriley6@yahoo.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

TCF Law Group, PLLC

21 Pleasant Street, Suite 237

Newburyport, MA 01950

Attention: Stephen J. Doyle

Email: sdoyle@tcflaw.com

Other Provisions.

(a) Rule 10b-5.

(i) Counterparty represents and warrants to Seller that Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) for the purpose of inducing the purchase or sale of such securities or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act, and Counterparty represents and warrants to Seller that Counterparty has not entered into or altered, and agrees that Counterparty will not enter into or alter, any corresponding or hedging transaction or position with respect to the Shares. 

(ii) Counterparty agrees that it will not seek to control or influence Sellers decision to make any purchases or sales under the Transaction, including, without limitation, Sellers decision to enter into any hedging transactions. Counterparty represents and warrants that it has consulted with its own advisors as to the legal aspects of its adoption and implementation of this Confirmation and the Transaction under the federal securities laws, including without limitation, the prohibitions on manipulative and deceptive devices under the Exchange Act. 

(iii) Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that any amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Confirmation must be effected in accordance with the requirements for the amendment or termination of a written trading plan for trading securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that any such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall be made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with the federal securities laws, including without limitation the prohibition on manipulative and deceptive devises under the Exchange Act and no such amendment, modification or waiver shall be made at any time at which Counterparty or any officer, director, manager or similar person of Counterparty is aware of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares. 

12

(b) Repurchase Notices. Counterparty shall, on any day on which Counterparty effects any repurchase of Shares (other than in connection with a Counterparty equity compensation program (e.g., to fund taxes in connection with vested RSUs)), promptly give Seller a written notice of such repurchase (a Repurchase Notice), if following such repurchase, the number of outstanding Shares as determined on such day is (i) less than the number of Shares outstanding that would result in the percentage of total Shares outstanding represented by the number of Shares underlying the Transaction increasing by 0.10% (in the case of the first such notice) or (ii) thereafter more than the number of Shares that would need to be repurchased to result in the percentage of total Shares outstanding represented by the number of Shares underlying the Transaction increasing by a further 0.10% less than the number of Shares included in the immediately preceding Repurchase Notice; provided that Counterparty agrees that this information does not constitute material non-public information; provided further if this information shall be material non-public information, it shall publicly disclosed immediately. Counterparty agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person and, collectively, the Indemnified Persons) from and against any and all losses (including losses relating to Sellers hedging activities as a consequence of remaining or becoming a Section 16 insider following the closing of the Business Combination, including without limitation, any forbearance from hedging activities or cessation of hedging activities and any losses in connection therewith with respect to the Transaction), claims, damages, judgments, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees), joint or several, which an Indemnified Person may become subject to, as a result of Counterpartys failure to provide Seller with a Repurchase Notice on the day and in the manner specified in this paragraph, and to reimburse, within thirty days, upon written request, each of such Indemnified Persons for any reasonable and documented legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, providing testimony or other evidence in connection with or defending any of the foregoing; provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, Counterparty has no indemnification or other obligations with respect to Seller becoming a Section 16 insider prior to the closing of the Business Combination. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against the Indemnified Person as a result of Counterpartys failure to provide Seller with a Repurchase Notice in accordance with this paragraph, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify Counterparty in writing, and Counterparty, upon request of the Indemnified Person, shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others Counterparty may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding. Counterparty shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding contemplated by this paragraph that is effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, Counterparty agrees to indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Counterparty shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding contemplated by this paragraph that is in respect of which any Indemnified
Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding on terms reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person. If the indemnification provided for in this paragraph is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then Counterparty hereunder, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities. The remedies provided for in this paragraph are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this paragraph shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of the Transaction.

13

(c) 

Transfer or Assignment. The rights
and duties under this Confirmation may not be transferred or assigned by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other
party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, subject to the immediately following sentence. If at any time following the closing
of the Business Combination at which (A) the Section 16 Percentage exceeds 9.9%, or (B) the Share Amount exceeds the Applicable Share
Limit, if any applies (any such condition described in clause (A) or (B), an Excess Ownership Position), Seller is
unable to effect a transfer or assignment of a portion of the Transaction to a third party on pricing terms reasonably acceptable to Seller
and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Seller such that no Excess Ownership Position exists, then Seller may designate any
Local Business Day as an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction (the Terminated Portion),
such that following such partial termination no Excess Ownership Position exists. In the event that Seller so designates an Early Termination
Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction, a portion of the Shares with respect to the Transaction shall be delivered to Counterparty
as if the Early Termination Date was the Maturity Date in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number
of Shares equal to the number of Shares underlying the Terminated Portion. The Section 16 Percentage as of any day
is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, as determined by Seller, (A) the numerator of which is the number of Shares that Seller and
each person subject to aggregation of Shares with Seller under Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder
and all persons who may form a group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) of the Exchange Act) with Seller directly or
indirectly beneficially own (as defined under Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder) and (B) the
denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding.

The Share Amount as of any
day is the number of Shares that Seller and any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Seller and any group
(however designated) of which Seller is a member (Seller or any such person or group, a Seller Person) under any
law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty that are, in each case, applicable to
ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively owns, controls, holds the
power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership under any Applicable Restriction, as determined by Seller in its sole
discretion.

The Applicable Share Limit
means a number of Shares equal to (A) the minimum number of Shares that could give rise to reporting (other than on Schedule 13D or 13G)
or registration obligations or other requirements (including obtaining prior approval from any person or entity) of a Seller Person, or
could result in an adverse effect on a Seller Person, under any Applicable Restriction, as determined by Seller in its sole discretion,
minus (B) 0.1% of the number of Shares outstanding.

14

(d) Indemnification. Counterparty agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Person from and against any and all losses (but not including financial losses to an Indemnified Person relating to the economic terms of the Transaction provided that the Counterparty performs its obligations under this Confirmation in accordance with its terms), claims, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of one outside legal counsel), joint or several, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnified Person arising out of, in connection with, or relating to, and to reimburse, within thirty days, upon written request, each of such Indemnified Persons for any reasonable legal or other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever between any of the Indemnified Persons and any third party, or otherwise, to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon the Transaction, including the execution or delivery of this Confirmation, the performance by Counterparty of its obligations under the Transaction, regulatory filings and submissions made by or on behalf of the Counterparty related to the Transaction (other than as relates to any information provided in writing by or on behalf of Seller or its affiliates), or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, or any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any registration statement, press release, filings or other document, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Counterparty will not be liable under the foregoing indemnification provision to the extent that any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense is related to the manner in which Seller sells, or arising out of any sales by Seller of, any Shares, or found in a nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from Sellers material breach of any covenant, representation or other obligation in this Confirmation or the ISDA Form or from Sellers willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence in performing the services that are subject of the Transaction. If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Indemnified Person or insufficient to hold harmless any Indemnified Person, then Counterparty shall contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified Person as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability. In addition (and in addition to any other Reimbursement of Legal Fees and other Expenses contemplated by this Confirmation), Counterparty will reimburse any Indemnified Person for all reasonable, out-of-pocket, expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of one outside legal counsel) as they are incurred in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense or settlement of any pending or threatened claim or any action, suit or proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto and whether or not such claim, action, suit or proceeding is initiated or brought by or on behalf of Counterparty. Counterparty also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability to Counterparty or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of Counterparty in connection with or as a result of any matter referred to in this Confirmation except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses incurred by Counterparty result from such Indemnified Persons breach of any covenant, representation or other obligation in this Confirmation or the ISDA Form or from
the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Indemnified Person or breach of any U.S. federal or state securities laws or the rules, regulations or applicable interpretations of the Commission. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the completion of the Transaction contemplated by this Confirmation and any assignment and/or delegation of the Transaction made pursuant to the ISDA Form or this Confirmation shall inure to the benefit of any permitted assignee of Seller. 

15

(e) Amendments to Equity Definitions. 

(i) Section 12.6(a)(ii) of the
Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) deleting from the fourth line thereof the word or after the word official
and inserting a comma therefor, and (ii) deleting the semi-colon at the end of subsection (B) thereof and inserting the following words
therefor or (C) the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(1) through (9) of the ISDA Form with respect
to that Issuer.; and

(ii) Section 12.6(c)(ii) of the
Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing the words the Transaction will be cancelled, in the first line with the
words Seller will have the right, which it must exercise or refrain from exercising, as applicable, in good faith acting in a
commercially reasonable manner, to cancel the Transaction,;

(f) Waiver of Jury Trial.
Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit,
action or proceeding relating to the Transaction. Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of either party
has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to
enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into the Transaction, as applicable,
by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications provided herein.

(g) Attorney and Other Fees.
Subject to clause (d) Indemnification (above), in the event of any legal action initiated by any party arising under or out of, in connection
with or in respect of, this Confirmation or the Transaction, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable and documented attorneys
fees, costs and expenses incurred in such action, as determined and fixed by the court.

(h) Tax Disclosure.
Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transaction, Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives,
or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transaction
and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment
and tax structure.

(i) Securities Contract;
Swap Agreement. The parties hereto intend for (i) the Transaction to be (a) a securities contract as defined in
the Bankruptcy Code, in which case each payment and delivery made pursuant to the Transaction is a termination value, payment
amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a settlement
payment, within the meaning of Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (b) a swap agreement as defined in the Bankruptcy
Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination value, payment
amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a transfer,
as such term is defined in Section 101(54) of the Bankruptcy Code and a payment or other transfer of property within the
meaning of Sections 362 and 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and the parties hereto to be entitled to the protections afforded by, among other
Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 546(e), 546(g), 555 and 560 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) a partys right to liquidate,
terminate and accelerate the Transaction and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under the ISDA
Form with respect to the other party to constitute a contractual right as described in the Bankruptcy Code, and (iii) each
payment and delivery of cash, securities or other property hereunder to otherwise constitute a margin payment or settlement
payment and a transfer as defined in the Bankruptcy Code.

(j) Process Agent.
For the purposes of Section 13(c) of the ISDA Form:

Seller appoints as its Process Agent: None

Counterparty appoints as its Process Agent: None.

[Signature page follows] 

16

Please confirm that the foregoing
correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing a copy of this Confirmation and returning it to us at your earliest convenience.

Very truly yours,

METEORA SELECT TRADING OPPORTUNITIES MASTER, LP;

METEORA CAPITAL PARTNERS, LP; and

METEORA STRATEGIC CAPITAL, LLC

By: /s/ Vikas Mittal

Name: Vikas Mittal

Title: CIO/Managing Member of GP

Agreed and accepted by: 

COLISEUM ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Oanh Truong 

Name: Oanh Truong 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: /s/ Paul T. Dacier 

Name: Paul T. Dacier 

Title: President 

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO,
INC.

By: /s/
Paul T. Dacier 

Name: Paul T. Dacier 

Title: President 

Subscriber Maximum

Number of

Shares %

Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP [] []

Meteora Capital Partners, LP [] []

Meteora Strategic Capital, LLC [] []

SCHEDULE A

FORM OF PRICING DATE NOTICE

Date: [], 2024

To: Coliseum Acquisition Corp. (Counterparty)

Address: 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100,
Las Vegas, NV 89144

From: Meteora Capital Partners, LP, Meteora Select Trading Opportunities
Master, LP and Meteora Strategic Capital, LLC (collectively, Seller)

Re: OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction

1. This Pricing Date Notice supplements, forms
part of, and is subject to the Confirmation Re: OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction dated as of December [], 2024 (the Confirmation)
between Counterparty and Seller, as amended and supplemented from time to time. All provisions contained in the Confirmation govern this
Pricing Date Notice except as expressly modified below.

2. The purpose of this Pricing Date Notice is
to confirm certain terms and conditions of the Transaction entered into between Seller and Counterparty pursuant to the Confirmation.

Pricing Date: []

Number of Shares: []
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-14_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OFFER LETTER, DATED DECEMBER 31, 2024, BETWEEN RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. AND RANDY SEIDL
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.14

Rainwater Enhancement Technologies, Inc.

December 31, 2024

Mr. Randy Seidl

3141 Dahlia Way

Naples, Florida 34105

Re: Offer of Employment

Dear Randy:

On behalf of Rainwater Enhancement Technologies, Inc. (together with
its successors, the Company), I am pleased to offer you the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Your employment
will be effective as of the date that a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other agreement which,
if the transactions contemplated by such agreement are consummated, will result in the shares of the Companys Common Stock (as
defined in the Incentive Plan (as defined below)), directly or indirectly, becoming publicly traded on a national securities exchange
or quoted on a national quotation system, is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Business Combination
Date (the foregoing, collectively, the Effective Date). The Business Combination Date is defined as the date the business
combination among the Company, Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco Inc. and Coliseum Acquisition Corp. is closed and the shares of the
Class A common stock of the Company are publicly traded.

The terms that will apply to your employment
with the Company are as follows:

1. Position and Duties. Commencing on the Effective Date, provided you are able to provide
services to the Company as its Chief Executive Officer, you will be employed by the Company on a full-time basis as the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, reporting to the Board of Directors (Board) of the Company (Direct Report). You will
be appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date. You will also be able
to continue your existing, non-competitive professional activities, provided that those activities do not materially interfere or conflict
with the performance of your duties, responsibilities or authorities for the Company hereunder (including conflicting with any of the
restrictive covenants set forth in the Fair Competition Agreement (as defined below).

In the event the Company
offers you a different position from that of the Chief Executive Officer or requires that you work in a different location and you
decide not to take the position or work from a different location, this shall constitute a Termination without Cause, unless
otherwise agreed. Prior to the Effective Date, and unrelated to your position as a member of the Board, you agree to help establish
and organize the Company into a viable operation and enterprise. The Company agrees to pay you at an hourly rate of $750.00 (known
as Hourly Services) plus reasonable business expenses. However, the Company shall pay you for the Hourly Services only
after the Effective Date and in incremental amounts over time in addition to your initial base salary as noted below in Base
Salary. In the event there is no Effective Date, you will be reimbursed for all Company reasonably related business and
travel expenses.

2. Base Salary and Annual Bonus. Commencing on the Effective Date, you will
receive an initial base salary of $500,000, less applicable tax and other withholdings and deductions required by law, payable in accordance
with the Companys payroll practices in effect from time to time. Your base salary will be subject to annual review by the Board
or the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board. The Company will endeavor to pay you at least once a month,
if not sooner based on mutually established goals agreed upon by and among you and the Company. You acknowledge and agree that the Companys
payroll practices will be subject to adjustments due to the fact that the Company is a startup. For each calendar year of your employment,
you also will be eligible to receive an annual cash incentive bonus (the Annual Bonus) in a target amount equal to 200%
of your base salary. The Annual Bonus will be subject to pro-ration for any period of employment of less than a full calendar year. The
Annual Bonus will be subject to the achievement of Company and/or individual performance goals mutually established by and among you and
the Board or the Committee. The actual amount of the Annual Bonus, if any, will be determined in good faith by the Committee. Any earned
Annual Bonus shall be subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings, and paid no later than March 15 of the year following the
calendar year to which the Annual Bonus relates. Any payments that are not paid timely will accrue interest at a rate of 8% per annum
until paid in full.

3. Bonus Compensation Note. The Company, or any of its affiliated
entities, will issue to you within 30 days immediately following the Effective Date an unsubordinated unsecured note with a
four-year term with a face value of $5,000,000 (the Note). The Note shall accrue interest at a rate equal to the
applicable federal rate (AFR) most recently published by the IRS as of the date of the Note for instruments having a term of between
3 and 9 years (Mid- Term AFR). The outstanding balance of
the Note and all accrued interest shall be due and payable on the earlier to occur of (x) the four-year anniversary of the date of the
Note, subject to your continued service with the Company through such date, (y) if the Company terminates your employment without Cause
following the consummation of an Initial Public Offering, the date of your termination, and (z) the date on which a Change in Control
(as defined below) is consummated, at the time of the change in control (the earliest such date, the Maturity Date). In
all events, payment of the outstanding balance of the Note and all accrued interest shall be made no later than February 1st of the year
following the calendar year in which the Maturity Date occurs.

2

4. Long Term Equity Compensation. As soon as reasonably practicable following
the Effective Date and approval by the Committee, you will be granted under the Companys equity incentive plan, as in effect from
time to time and subject to the terms of such plan (the Incentive Plan), an option to purchase that number of shares of
Common Stock equivalent to eight percent (8%) of the Companys issued and outstanding shares (including options and shares that
may be issued upon exercise of warrants as of the Business Combination Date) of equity capital determined on an as-converted basis as
of the date of grant (including shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the Incentive Plan) (collectively, the Equity
Award). The exercise price of the stock options constituting the Equity Award shall be equal to the lesser of the per share value
of the Common Stock assuming an enterprise value of $45 million or the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant, determined
in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the regulations and guidance
promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A), and shall vest (i) fifty percent (50%) on the one-year anniversary
of the Effective Date and (ii) fifty percent (50%) on the two-year anniversary of the Effective Day. The Equity Award will be granted
pursuant to the Incentive Plan, evidenced by one or more award agreements under the Incentive Plan, and subject to all of the terms, conditions
and restrictions set forth in the award agreement(s) and the Incentive Plan (including without limitation, any resale or other transfer
restrictions as may be set forth therein). The Board may also grant you additional stock from time to time for incentive and performance
purposes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Change in Control, all shares (100%) constituting the Equity Award
and any additional shares granted by the Board from time to time to you, shall immediately vest and become exercisable by you.

5. Benefit Plans and Programs. You will be eligible to participate in the Companys
benefits plans and programs in effect from time to time, subject to the terms of any and all plan documents and programs. The Company
reserves the right, to reasonably amend, change or discontinue, in whole or in part, any and all of its benefits and/or benefit plans
and programs. The Company will reimburse you for all reasonable business expenses you incur in the performance of your duties, subject
to the terms of the Companys expense reimbursement policies applicable to senior executives. You will be entitled to paid vacation
in accordance with the Companys policies, Healthcare paid for at the Companys expense and access to the Companys
401K plan (when, and if, so established by the Company).

6. At-Will Employment. Your employment with the Company shall, at all times,
be on an at-will basis. Your employment can be terminated at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause or notice,
and you may resign at any time with or without reason, subject to any notice you are required to provide pursuant to the terms of the
Fair Competition Agreement (as defined herein). The at-will nature of the employment relationship cannot be changed except in a separate,
individualized, written agreement signed by you and the Company.

7. Termination. In the event your employment with the Company terminates for
any reason, the Company will pay you (i) unpaid base salary and pro-rated bonuses through the termination date, payable in accordance
with the Companys payroll practices, (ii) unreimbursed business expenses, payable in accordance with and subject to the terms of
the Companys expense reimbursement policies and (iii) any vested non-forfeitable amounts or other benefits owing or accrued as
of the termination date under the Companys benefit plans or programs in which you participated (collectively, the Accrued
Benefits).

Without otherwise limiting the at-will
nature of your employment, in the event your employment is terminated at any time by the Company without Cause (as defined
below) then the Company shall provide you an amount equal to 12 months of your then-current base salary and a pro-rata portion of your
current bonus, payable in substantially equal installments over the 12-month period following the date of your termination or resignation.

In the event your employment is
terminated by the Company without Cause in each case, upon or within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined in the
Incentive Plan) (provided such Change in Control constitutes a change in control under Section 409A), then in addition to the
payments described in the immediately preceding paragraph, 100% of the stock options constituting the Equity Award that are unvested
as of the date of such termination shall immediately vest and become exercisable.

3

In the event your employment is terminated
by the Company without Cause, you will be entitled to any earned but unpaid amounts as set forth in Section 3.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, you will not be entitled to receive any severance or any other payment or benefit triggered upon termination of employment
(other than the Accrued Benefits) unless, within 60 days following the termination date, you have executed and not revoked a reasonable
general release of claims in a standard form utilized by the Company for senior executives (the Release). The severance
payments and benefits payable pursuant to this Section 7 shall be paid or commence on the first payroll period following the date the
Release becomes effective (the Payment Date), provided that if the period during which you may deliver the Release spans
two calendar years, the Payment Date shall be no earlier than January 1 of the second calendar year.

For purposes of this offer
letter, Cause shall mean: (i) a willful act of dishonesty by you in connection with the performance of your duties as
an employee; (ii) your conviction of, indictment for, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, (x) a felony or (y) any other crime
involving fraud, embezzlement or moral turpitude (defined as sexual harassment or discrimination or alcohol or drug abuse or
dishonesty) or a material violation of federal or state law that the Board reasonably determines has had or is reasonably likely to
have a detrimental effect on the Companys reputation or business; (iii) your gross misconduct in the performance of your
duties as an employee; (iv) your intentional or grossly negligent unauthorized use or disclosure of any Confidential Information or
Intellectual Property (each as defined in the Fair Competition Agreement); (v) your material breach of any obligations under any
written agreement between you and the Company, including, without limitation, the Fair Competition Agreement, if such breach is not
remedied by you within thirty (30) days after the Company provides you with notice thereof; (vi) your material breach of any
material Company policy generally applicable to Company employees, including but not limited to those relating to insider trading or
sexual harassment, if such breach is not remedied by you within thirty (30) days after the Company provides you with notice thereof;
or (vii) your willful refusal to follow the lawful and reasonable directives of the Board, if such refusal is not remedied by you
within thirty (30) days after the Company provides you with notice thereof.

4

8. Fair Competition Agreement. As a material inducement for the Company to
agree to enter into an employment relationship with you on the terms set forth herein, you agree to execute and comply with the Fair Competition
Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Fair Competition Agreement).

9. Company Policies and Procedures. Your employment will be subject to the
Companys standard policies and procedures (whether as currently existing or to be established in the future), as they may be reasonably
amended, changed or discontinued and such other reasonable rules and regulations as may be adopted or amended.

10. Section 409A. The severance payments and benefits under this offer letter
triggered on a termination of employment shall begin only after the date of your separation from service (determined as
set forth below), which occurs on or after date of the termination of your employment, and shall be subject to the provisions of this
Section 9. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this offer letter comply with, or are exempt from, Section 409A
and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this offer letter shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith or exempt therefrom.
For purposes of Section 409A, your right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this offer letter will be treated as a right
to receive a series of separate payments. Neither the Company nor you shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any
such payments except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A.

If, as of the date
of your separation from service from the Company, you are not a specified employee (within the meaning of
Section 409A), then each installment of the severance payments shall be made on the dates and terms set forth in this offer letter.

If, as of the
date of your separation from service from the Company, you are a specified employee (within the meaning
of Section 409A), then: (i) each installment of severance payments or benefits that, in accordance with the dates and terms set
forth in this offer letter, will in all circumstances, regardless of when the separation from service occurs, be paid
within the short-term deferral period (as defined in Section 409A) shall be treated as a short-term deferral within
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- l(b)(4) to the maximum extent permissible under Section 409A and shall be paid on
the dates and terms set forth in this offer letter; and (ii) each installment of severance payments or benefits that is not
described in clause (i) above and that would, absent this clause (ii), be paid within the six-month period following your
separation from service from the Company shall not be paid until the date that is six months and one day after such
separation from service (or, if earlier, your death), with any such installments that are required to be delayed being
accumulated during the six-month period and paid in a lump sum on the date that is six months and one day following your
separation from service and any subsequent installments, if any, being paid in accordance with the dates and terms set
forth in this offer letter; provided, however, that the preceding provisions of this clause (ii) shall not apply to any installment
of severance payments or benefits if and to the maximum extent that such installment is deemed to be paid under a separation pay
plan that does not provide for a deferral of compensation by reason of the application of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii)
(relating to separation pay upon an involuntary separation from service). Any installments that qualify for the exception under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-l(b)(9)(iii) must be paid no later than the last day of your second taxable year following the
taxable year in which the separation from service occurs.

The determination of whether and
when your separation from service from the Company has occurred shall be made in a manner consistent with, and based on
the presumptions set forth in, Treasury Regulation Section l.409A-1(h). Solely for purposes of this paragraph, Company shall
include all persons with whom the Company would be considered a single employer under Section 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code.

All reimbursements and in-kind benefits
provided under this offer letter shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A to the extent that such
reimbursements or in-kind benefits are subject to Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirements that (1) any reimbursement
is for expenses incurred during your lifetime (or during a shorter period of time specified in this offer letter), (2) the amount of expenses
eligible for reimbursement during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year, (3)
the reimbursement of any eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the
expense is incurred, and (4) the right to reimbursement is not subject to set off or liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.

5

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this offer letter, the Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to you or to any other person if any
provisions of this offer letter are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but do not satisfy an exemption
from, or the conditions of, Section 409A. If either you or the Company reasonably determines that any payment to you will violate Section
409A, you and the Company agree to use reasonable best efforts to restructure the payment in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant
with Section 409A to the extent that the restructuring is consistent with the original economic intent of the parties. You and the Company
agree to execute any and all amendments to this offer letter (or any other applicable agreement) that are consistent with the original
economic intent of the parties and promote compliance with the distribution provisions of Section 409A in an effort to avoid or minimize,
to the extent allowable by law, the tax (and any interest or penalties thereon) associated with Section 409A. If it is determined that
a payment to you was (or may be) made in violation of Section 409A, the Company will cooperate, to the extent commercially reasonable,
with any effort by you to mitigate the tax consequences of such violation, including cooperation with your participation in any IRS voluntary
compliance program or other correction procedure under Section 409A that may be available to you; provided, that such correction is consistent
with the commercial intent of the parties hereunder; provided, further, that in no event shall the Company be obligated to incur any material
cost in connection with its obligations under this sentence.

11. Section 280G. Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter or any other
plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or any of
their affiliates to you or for your benefit pursuant to the terms of this letter or otherwise (Covered Payments) constitute
parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and would, but for this paragraph be subject to the excise
tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any
interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax), then the Covered Payments shall be reduced
(but not below zero) to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax, but
only if such reduction results in you receiving on a net after-tax basis a greater amount than you would receive on a net after-tax basis
(including after payment of the Excise Tax) without such reduction. Any such reduction, if applicable, shall be made by the Company in
its sole discretion consistent with the requirements of Section 409A.
Any determination required under this paragraph, including whether any payments or benefits are parachute payments, shall reasonably be
made by the Company. You shall provide the Company with such information and documents as the Company may reasonably request in order
to make a determination under this paragraph. The Companys reasonable determinations shall be final and binding on the Company
and you.

6

12. Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted to be
given under this offer letter shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or one business
day after being sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, charges prepaid. Notices also may be given electronically
via PDF and by email and shall be effective on the date transmitted if confirmed within 48 hours thereafter by a signed original sent
in the manner provided in the preceding sentence. Notice to you shall be sent to your most recent residence and personal email address
on file with the Company. Notice to the Company shall be sent to its physical address set forth on the first page hereto and addressed
to the Board or such other person as the Company may designate at the email address provided by the Company for the Board or such person.

13. Entire Agreement; Miscellaneous. This offer letter, together with the Incentive
Plan, any equity award agreements referenced herein and the Fair Competition Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral. The
terms of this offer letter may only be modified in a specific writing signed by you and an authorized representative of the Company. The
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this offer letter will not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect. Any disputes arising out of or related to this offer letter or your
employment with the Company will be exclusively subject to arbitration in Massachusetts using Massachusetts law, with a single mutually
acceptable arbitrator with each party to bear their own attorneys fees and costs. The decision of the arbitrator shall be entered
in the Massachusetts Courts, if necessary. In the event of any conflict between any of the terms in this offer letter and the terms of
any other agreement between you and the Company, the terms of this offer letter will control. You are also entitled to reimbursement of
50% of your attorneys fees and costs in connection with the negotiation and revisions to this offer letter and other related documents.
By entering into this offer letter and commencing employment with the Company, you represent that you
are not bound by any employment contract, restrictive covenant or other restriction that prevents you from entering into employment with
or carrying out your responsibilities for the Company, or which is in any way inconsistent with this offer letter. This offer letter is
binding on and may be enforced by the Company and its successors and assigns and is binding on and may be enforced by you and your heirs
and legal representatives. In addition, the Company may assign this offer letter or any and all rights, duties and obligations hereunder
to any subsidiary of the Company; provided that any payment made by any such assignee shall offset any payment obligation of the
Company. This offer letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument.
Execution and delivery of this offer letter by facsimile or other electronic signature is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

7

This offer of employment
is contingent upon (x) your consent to a background check with results satisfactory to the Company, and (y) your presentation of satisfactory
documentation that establishes identity and employment eligibility in accordance with the US Immigration and Naturalization requirements.

Please acknowledge
your acceptance of this offer by returning a signed copy of this offer letter.

Very truly yours,

Rainwater Enhancement Technologies, Inc.

By: /s/ Paul T. Dacier

Paul T. Dacier, Executive
Director

Accepted and agreed:

By: /s/ Randy Seidl 

Randy Seidl 

Date: 12/31/24 

8

Exhibit A

Fair Competition Agreement

9

FAIR COMPETITION AGREEMENT

In consideration
of the commencement of your services with Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc. and/or any of its current or future parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, and/or successors (collectively, the Company), and the compensation you will receive from the Company (your
Services), you agree, intending to be legally bound, as follows:

Acknowledgements and Representations

1.Supplemental Terms. You acknowledge that you have received a separate independent offer letter for employment (the Employment
Offer) that sets forth the relevant terms concerning your compensation arrangements with the Company. In the event of any conflict
between this Fair Competition Agreement (this Agreement) and the Employment Offer, the terms of the Employment Offer shall
govern.

2.Acceptance. You acknowledge that the Company considers the protections provided by this Agreement to be necessary to safeguard
its Customer Confidences, Confidential Information, Intellectual Property, Customer relationships (each as defined in this Agreement)
and other business interests and is willing to commence your Services only if you agree to accept the obligations set forth herein.

3.No Conflicting Obligations. You represent that you do not have any contractual or other obligations that would conflict
with your provision of Services to the Company. In particular, you represent that you are not bound by any agreement, understanding or
other obligation (including, without limitation, any non-competition or nonsolicitation agreement) with or to any person or entity that
prohibits you from commencing or continuing your Services to the Company and fully performing all your duties for the Company, except
as described on Annex A attached hereto. By executing this Agreement, you hereby acknowledge and confirm that all business activities
in which you are currently participating and any boards on which you are serving are listed on Annex A attached hereto, which outside
activities are subject to the conditions imposed on such activities in the Employment Offer.

4.Documents and Confidential Information Belonging to Former Employers and Other Third Parties. You also represent that you
have not taken or retained, and do not have in your possession, any documents, in either electronic or hard copy form, that belong to
any former employer (which, for purposes of this Agreement, shall include persons, corporations, and other entities for which you have
acted as an independent contractor or consultant) and that you will not use or disclose in your work for the Company any trade secrets,
Intellectual Property, or confidential information belonging to any former employer or other third party.

Duties

5.Nature
of Duties. Except to the extent expressly permitted in the Employment Offer, while you are providing Services to the Company,
you shall not engage in any other business activities without the prior written consent of the Company. In particular, while you are
providing Services to the Company, you agree not to work for or assist, whether or not for profit or personal gain, any Competitor
or engage in any business or activity that is similar to or competes directly with the Company or is inimical to the best interests
of the Company or that would interfere with your ability to provide Services to the Company.

10

6.Duty to Disclose Business Opportunities. During your provision of Services, you shall (a) promptly
disclose to the Company all business opportunities that are presented to you in your capacity as an affiliate of the Company
or that are of a similar nature to the Companys existing business or a type of business the Company is currently developing
or considering and (b) not usurp or take advantage of any such business opportunity personally or assist any third party in doing so
without first offering such opportunity to the Company.

7.Compliance with Companys Policies and Practices. While you are providing Services to the Company, you agree to observe
and comply with all rules, regulations, policies and practices relating to independent contractors in effect or adopted by the Company
at this time or in the future.

Confidentiality, Non-Disclosure and
Intellectual Property 

8.Customer Confidences. As used in this Agreement, Customer means any person, corporation or other entity (a)
for which the Company has performed any services or to which it has sold any products, (b) with which it has engaged in any business activity
or (c) from which the Company has actively solicited business or discussed other business arrangements in the year preceding the cessation
of your Services. The Companys Customers expect that the Company will hold all business-related information about them, including
the fact that they are doing or are considering doing business with the Company and the specific matters on which they are or may be doing
business, in the strictest confidence (Customer Confidences). You acknowledge that, during the course of your Services,
you will have access to such Customer Confidences. You also acknowledge and agree that all relationships with Customers that you initiate
or develop during your provision of Services to the Company belong to the Company, not to you personally.

9.Confidential Information. You acknowledge that, during the course of your Services, you will have access to information
relating to the Companys business that provides the Company with a competitive advantage, is not generally known by persons outside
the Company and could not easily be determined or learned by someone outside the Company (Confidential Information). Such
Confidential Information, whether or not explicitly designated as confidential, includes both written information and information not
reduced to writing and includes but is not limited to information about Customers, trade secrets, internal corporate policies and strategies,
pricing, costs and expenses, financial and sales information, personnel information, forecasts, formulas, compilations, software programs,
data, databases, directories, research, client lists and business and marketing plans, vendors, suppliers, and any modifications or enhancements
of any of the foregoing. You further agree that if you previously rendered services to the Company (e.g., as an independent contractor
or consultant) or otherwise gained knowledge of Customer Confidences and/or Confidential Information (e.g., by executing a Non-Disclosure
Agreement prior to your rendering services to the Company in any capacity), your obligations under any such agreement between you and
the Company to preserve Customer Confidences and/or Confidential Information shall remain in full force and effect pursuant to the applicable
terms contained therein.

11

10.Duty to Preserve Customer Confidences and Confidential Information. You agree not to use or disclose, without the prior
written consent of the Company, both during and following the cessation of your Services with the Company, Customer Confidences and Confidential
Information, except as may be necessary in the good faith performance of your duties to the Company or as permitted by paragraphs 20 and
21 hereof.

11.Company Documents. You acknowledge that all documents, in hard copy or electronic form, received from the Company or created
by you in connection with your Services to the Company, other than those relating solely to your personal compensation, are and will remain
the property of the Company. You agree to return and/or cooperate in permanently deleting all such documents (including all copies) promptly
upon the cessation of your Services and agree that, during and following your Services with the Company, you will not, under any circumstances,
without the written consent of the Company, disclose those documents to anyone outside the Company or use those documents for any purpose
other than the advancement of the Companys interests, or as permitted by paragraphs 20 and 21 hereof. You further understand and
agree that you are prohibited from searching for, accessing, viewing, printing, transferring and/or using documents, e-mails, and any
other data stored on any of the Companys computer systems in the absence of a legitimate business need or Company objective, and
any such actions or use will be considered unauthorized. Documents shared internally with you, by way of e-mail, memorandum, or file transfer
from other Company employees will be rebuttably presumed to be authorized.

12.Obligation to Return Signed Termination Certificate Upon Cessation of Services. Upon cessation of your Services, you will
be asked to participate in an exit interview and to sign and deliver a Termination Certificate, the form of which is attached
hereto as Annex B. If you do not attend an exit interview, you are still obligated to sign and deliver the Termination Certificate.
Your failure to sign the Termination Certificate, however, shall not affect any of your obligations under this Agreement.

13.Intellectual Property.

(a) You agree to
fully and promptly disclose in writing to the Company, without additional compensation, all ideas, original or creative works,
inventions, discoveries, computer software or programs, trading strategies, statistical and economic models, improvements, designs,
formulae, processes, know-how, trade secrets, works of authorship, mask works, production methods, technological innovations, and
any other intellectual property or proprietary rights, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, including any applications or
registrations relating thereto (collectively, Intellectual Property) which, during your Services with the Company, is
made, developed, conceived or created by you, alone or with others (whether or not during usual working hours, whether on or off the
job) and which either (i) is based on or incorporates, in whole or in part, the Intellectual Property or Confidential
Information of the Company, (ii) is made, developed, conceived or created, in whole or in part, using the Companys
premises, equipment or other property, (iii) is made, developed, conceived or created, in whole or in part, as a result of
instructions given by the Company or of your Services, or (iv) relates in any way to atmospheric ionization and the improvement
of rainfall or the overall objects of the Company, or is incorporated in achieving such rainfall improvements (all such Intellectual
Property, the Developed Intellectual Property). You acknowledge that the Company owns all Developed Intellectual
Property as works made for hire to the fullest extent of the law, including, but not limited to, the Copyright Act of 1976 (17
U.S.C. 101) and, for the avoidance of doubt, you hereby irrevocably assign to the Company all rights, title and interest in,
to and under the Developed Intellectual Property. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit the
Companys right, title, or interest in any Intellectual Property so as to be less in any respect than the Company would have
had in the absence of this Agreement.

12

(b) You agree,
at any time during or after your Services, to sign all papers and do such other acts and things, at the Companys expense, as the
Company deems necessary or desirable and may reasonably require of you to protect, ensure, perfect, record or otherwise evidence the Companys
rights in, to and under the Developed Intellectual Property, including, but not limited to, assistance or cooperation (i) in filing, prosecution,
registration and memorialization of assignments, and maintenance of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask works, or other Intellectual
Property, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask works, moral rights, trade secrets, or other Intellectual
Property, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Developed Intellectual Property in any and all domestic and overseas jurisdictions.
You agree to create and maintain records of all Intellectual Property made, developed, conceived or created by you, alone or with others
(whether or not during usual working hours, whether on or off the job) that are sufficient to determine if such Intellectual Property
constitutes Developed Intellectual Property.

(c) You hereby
grant an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty-free, fully transferable, sublicensable (including the
right to grant further sublicenses through multiple tiers) license to the Company to use, copy, display, reproduce, perform, create derivative
works from, modify and otherwise exploit in any fashion any and all Intellectual Property owned or otherwise licensable by you (either
as of the date hereof or during the course of your Services) which relates or could relate to the business of the Company or is incorporated,
included or otherwise used or utilized in (or useful or necessary to use or utilize) any work or deliverables provided by you in the course
of your Services.

(d) This section shall
survive the cessation of your Services in perpetuity.

Restrictive Covenants

14.Nature of Companys Business. You acknowledge that the Company is engaged in a highly competitive business and that
the preservation of its Customer Confidences and Confidential Information is critical to the Companys continued business success.
You also acknowledge that the Companys relationships with its Customers are extremely valuable and that, by virtue of your provision
of Services to the Company, you have had or may have contact with those Customers and that, if so, you must always act in the best professional
manner and are being compensated to develop relationships with Customers on behalf of and for the benefit of the Company. As a result,
your agree not to disclose the Companys Confidential Information to any third-party to directly or indirectly compete with the
Company.

15.Non-Solicitation
of Employees. You also agree that, during the period of providing your Services to the Company, and for twelve (12) months
following the cessation of your Services for any reason (the Restricted Period), you will not, directly or indirectly,
solicit, hire or seek to hire (whether on your own behalf or on behalf of some other person or entity) any person who is at that
time (or was during the prior six (6) months) an employee, consultant, independent contractor, representative or other agent of the
Company. Nor will you during the Restricted Period, directly or indirectly, on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person,
entity or organization, induce or encourage any employee, consultant, independent contractor, representative or other agent of the
Company to terminate or reduce his or her employment or other business relationship or affiliation with the Company. Nor will you
directly or indirectly assist any third party in doing what you yourself are prohibited from doing under this paragraph.

13

16.Non-Disparagement. Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or applicable law, you agree that during your provision
of Services to the Company and at all times thereafter you will not make disparaging or defamatory comments regarding the Company or its
owners, members, directors, officers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives or others with whom the Company has a business
relationship as of the date of cessation of your Services or make any public statements that are intended to, or can reasonably expected
to, damage the reputations of any of such entities or persons.

17.Tolling. In the event that you violate any of the preceding provisions of the Restrictive Covenants sections of this Agreement,
the time periods set forth in those sections shall be extended for the period of time you remain in violation of the provisions.

Arbitration 

18.(a) It is understood and agreed between the parties hereto that any and all claims, grievances, demands, controversies, causes
of action or disputes of any nature whatsoever (including, but not limited to, tort and contract claims, and claims based upon any law,
statute, order, or regulation) arising out of, in connection with, or in relation to (i) the interpretation, performance or breach of
this Agreement, (ii) your Services to the Company, (iii) the cessation of your Services to the Company, and (iv) the arbitrability of
any claims under or relating to this Agreement, shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration. This agreement to arbitrate expressly
includes, but is not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act of 1967, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Family
and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, the Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended,
and any similar federal, state, local or municipal law, statute or regulation.

(b)The forum for any arbitration under this Agreement shall be final and binding arbitration under the auspices of JAMS in Boston,
Massachusetts.

(c)The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then-existing JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, except
to the extent such rules conflict with the procedures set forth in this paragraph, in which case these procedures shall govern. Any such
arbitration shall be before one arbitrator. The parties shall select a mutually acceptable retired federal judge from the panel of arbitrators
serving with any of JAMSs offices, but in the event the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, the Administrator of JAMS shall
appoint a retired federal judge from such panels (the arbitrator so selected or appointed, the Arbitrator). The Arbitrator
shall render an award and a written, reasoned opinion in support thereof. The Arbitrator shall have power and authority to award any appropriate
remedy (in law or equity) or judgment that could be awarded by a court of law in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and, upon good cause
shown, the Arbitrator shall afford the parties adequate discovery, including deposition discovery.

(d)The dispute resolution process shall be strictly confidential. Neither party shall disclose the existence, content, or results
of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of all parties, except as required by applicable law. Except as provided
herein, the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings pursuant to this Agreement. The Arbitrator
shall be bound by and shall strictly enforce the terms of this paragraph 18 and may not limit, expand or otherwise modify its terms. The
Arbitrator shall make a good faith effort to apply the substantive law (and the law of remedies, if applicable) of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, or federal law, or both, as applicable, without reference to conflicts of laws provisions. The Arbitrator shall be bound
to honor claims of privilege or work-product doctrine recognized at law, but the Arbitrator shall have the discretion to determine whether
any such claim of privilege or work-product doctrine applies. The award rendered shall be final and binding upon the parties, and judgment
upon the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

14

(e) Claims must be brought by either you or the Company in your or its individual capacity, not as plaintiffs or class members in
any purported class or collective proceeding, and the Arbitrator shall not have the power to hear the arbitration as a class or collective
action. To the maximum extent permitted by law, both you and the Company waive the right to bring, maintain, participate in, or receive
money from any class, collective or representative proceeding. The parties intend this arbitration provision to be valid, enforceable,
irrevocable and construed as broadly as possible.

(f)Each party shall bear its own fees and expenses with respect to this dispute resolution process and any litigation related thereto
and the parties shall share equally all fees and expenses, in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, unless
prohibited by applicable law.

Other Terms

19.In the twelve (12) months following the cessation of your Services with the Company, in the event you seek or obtain employment
or another business affiliation with any person or entity other than the Company, you agree to provide that person or entity with a copy
of this Agreement. You also agree to notify the Company in writing, as far in advance as is reasonably practicable, of the details of
such employment or business affiliation. You also agree that the Company may provide a copy of this Agreement to any such person or entity.

20.Nothing in this Agreement restricts or prohibits you from initiating communications directly
with, responding to any inquiries from, providing testimony before, providing Confidential Information to, reporting possible violations
of law or regulation to, or from filing a claim or assisting with an investigation directly with a self-regulatory authority or a government
agency or entity, including without limitation, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(collectively, the Regulators), or from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of
federal, state, or local law or regulation. You do not need the prior authorization of the Company to engage in conduct protected by this
paragraph, and you do need to notify the Company that you have engaged in such conduct. This Agreement does not limit your right to receive
an award from any Regulator that provides awards for providing information relating to a potential violation of the law. 

21.Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, non-compliance with the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement shall not
subject you to criminal or civil liability under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a Company trade secret: (i)
in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney in confidence solely
for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or
other proceeding, provided that any complaint or document containing the trade secret is filed under seal; or (iii) to an attorney representing
you in a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law or to use the trade secret information in that
court proceeding, provided that any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and you do not disclose the trade secret,
except pursuant to court order.

22.You
acknowledge that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are fair, reasonable and necessary for the protection of the
legitimate business interests of the Company, and that, in the event of any actual or threatened breach by you, the Company will
suffer serious, irreparable and substantial harm to its business and interests, the extent of which may be difficult to determine
and impossible to fully remedy by an action at law for momentary damages. You therefore consent to the entry of a restraining order,
preliminary injunction or other preliminary, provisional or permanent court order to enforce this Agreement and expressly waive any
security that might otherwise be required in connection with such relief, and you further agree that the dispute resolution process
set forth in paragraph 18 of this Agreement in no way limits the Companys right to obtain any preliminary, provision or
permanent relief as may be necessary to protect the Companys rights and interests. You also agree that any request for such
relief by the Company shall be in addition and without prejudice to any claim for monetary damages which the Company might elect to
assert. In the event you are found by a court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or an Arbitrator to have violated any provision
of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses of enforcement, including reasonable
attorneys fees.

15

23.If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable by a court or other decision-maker, the remaining provisions shall
be enforced to the maximum extent possible. If a court or other decision-maker should determine that any portion of this Agreement is
overbroad or unreasonable, such provision shall be given effect to the maximum extent possible by narrowing or enforcing in part that
aspect of the provision found overbroad or unreasonable.

24.This Agreement as well as the Employment Offer represents the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter
covered, supersedes any and all prior written or oral agreements and cannot be modified except in a writing signed by both parties. The
waiver by any party to this Agreement of a breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver
of any subsequent or simultaneous breach. The terms of this Agreement may only be modified in a specific writing signed by you and an
authorized representative of the Company.

25.This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. Neither a formal
assignment nor notice to you shall be required. This Agreement shall be binding upon you and your heirs, executors, administrators and
legal representatives. However, your duties and obligations hereunder are personal and shall not be assignable or delegable by you in
any manner whatsoever.

26.This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to the states
principles of conflict of laws.

27.Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by both email and certified mail,
return receipt requested. If the notice is from you to the Company, it shall be sent to the General Counsel of the Company, or if there
is no General Counsel, then to the President and the Chairman of the Board of Directors. If sent by the Company to you, such notice shall
be sent to your last known email and home addresses.

28.This Agreement may be executed by fax or email and/or in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.

29.The parties waive the right to a jury trial to the maximum extent permitted by law.

30.You acknowledge that you understand the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and have had adequate time to consider
whether to agree to them and to consult a lawyer or other advisor of your choice if you wish to do so.

31.For the avoidance of doubt, Sections 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19 will survive the cessation of your Services in accordance
with their terms.

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Agreement as of this 31st day of December, 2024.

THE COMPANY

By: /s/ Paul T. Dacier

Printed Name: Paul T. Dacier

Title: Executive Chairman

EMPLOYEE

By: /s/ Randy Seidl

Printed Name: Randy Seidl

Date: 12/31/24

17

ANNEX A

Description of Restrictive
Agreements

Description of
Current Outside Business Activities or Board Service

[Executive to provide]

18

ANNEX B

TERMINATION CERTIFICATE

The undersigned hereby certifies as follows:

1. When I signed the Fair Competition Agreement
dated as of _________ (the Agreement), I read and understood the terms contained therein. I have now reviewed the Agreement
again as part of my exit interview, and I fully understand the terms thereof and my continuing obligations thereunder, including my obligations
(a) not to use for personal benefit or disclose to others any Confidential Information (as defined in the Agreement), and (b) with respect
to Developed Intellectual Property (as defined in the Agreement).

2. I have fully complied with the terms
of the Agreement, including the return of any documents and other tangible materials of any nature containing Confidential Information
or Intellectual Property of the Company.

3. I recognize that the unauthorized taking
of any Confidential Information or Intellectual Property of the Company is a crime, and that any unauthorized taking of Confidential Information
or Intellectual Property of the Company may also result in civil liability.

4. Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc.
(the Company) may notify my new employer or other person or entity I intend to provide services to of (a) the general nature
or subject matter of the Confidential Information (without actually disclosing such Confidential Information) to which I had access while
providing services to the Company, and (b) my continuing obligations under the Agreement to keep such Confidential Information in confidence,
and not to disclose or use such Confidential Information without the Companys prior written consent.

5. Attached hereto is a complete list of
all Developed Intellectual Property. If no such list is attached, I represent that as of the date hereof I did not make, conceive, reduce
to practice or develop, either alone or jointly with others, any Developed Intellectual Property.

6. I understand and acknowledge that should
I fail to comply with my obligations under the Agreement, the Company shall have, in addition to a claim for damages, the right to obtain
an injunction prohibiting me from disclosing Confidential Information to a third party or using any Intellectual Property of the Company.

Employee Signature: ___________________ Witnessed by: _________________________

Print Name: __________________________ Print Name: __________________________

Date: __________________________ Date: __________________________

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-15_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 21, 2022, BY AND BETWEEN THEODORE R. ANDERSON AND RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.15

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS EXCLUSIVE
LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into effective as of Nov 21, 2022 (Effective
Date), by and between Theodore R. Anderson, a Massachusetts resident (Licensor); and Rain Enhancement
Technologies, Inc, a Delaware Corporation (Licensee) (collectively, the Parties and each individually,
a Party).

RECITALS

A. Licensor
is the owner of the Licensed Patents and the Covered Technology;

B. Licensee
is a newly formed company, which was formed for the purpose of exploiting the Licensed Patents and Covered Technology; and

C. Licensor
desires to exclusively license the Licensed Patents and Covered Technology to Licensee for all fields of use involving weather modification
and all geographic territories, and Licensee desires to exclusively license the Licensed Patents and Covered Technology from Licensor
on such terms, all as more fully set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises set forth above, the mutual agreements contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, covenant and agree
as follows:

1. Exclusive
License.

(a) Grant
of License. Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive (including as to Licensor,
subject to Section 1(c)), royalty-free, fully paid-up (upon payment of the Licensing Fee (defined below)), perpetual, irrevocable,
transferrable, freely sublicensable (through one or more tiers), right and license under the Covered Technology (defined below) and the
Licensed Patents (defined below) in the Covered Territory, to (i) design, research, develop, make, have made, test, support, use, market,
offer for sale, sell, have sold, distribute, import, deploy and otherwise exploit any products, services or solutions and (ii) to practice
processes and methods in connection with the foregoing activities, in each case of (i) and (ii), solely within the Field of Use.

(b) Certain
Definitions.

(1) Covered
Technology shall mean all technology described in the Licensed Patents that has any application within the Field of Use.

(2) Covered
Territory shall mean the world.

(3) Field
of Use shall mean the field of weather modification, including rainfall enhancement, snowfall enhancement, cloud coverage and
fog reduction.

(4) Licensed
Patents shall mean the issued patents and pending patent applications listed on Exhibit A hereto, together with (i)
any divisions, continuations or continuations-in-part thereof and any patents issuing thereon and (ii) any re-issuances or extensions
or foreign counterparts of any of the foregoing and (iii) any future patents described in Section 1(c).

(c) Retained
Rights of Licensor. Licensor expressly retains the non-exclusive right to use the Covered Technology and Licensed Patents, and
to practice the processes and methods under the Covered Technology and Licensed Patents, solely for non-commercial research and
development purposes, provided that any inventions (whether or not patentable), work products and patents resulting from such use
and practice shall be deemed to constitute Covered Technology and, as applicable, Licensed Patents and included in the license
granted hereunder under the same terms and conditions as the Covered Technology and Licensed Patents.

2. Licensing
Fee. In consideration for the license and rights granted to Licensee hereunder and all other obligations of Licensor, Licensee shall
pay Licensor on the Effective Date, by wire transfer to a bank account designated in writing by Licensor on or before the Effective Date,
a one-time licensing fee of U.S. $33,000 (the Licensing Fee).

3.
Confidential Information. The Licensing Fee and any non-public, confidential information of a Party, which is designated
in writing as confidential or should be understood by the other Party, exercising reasonable business judgment, to be confidential
(collectively, Confidential Information) provided by a Party (the Disclosing Party) to the
other Party (the Receiving Party) in connection with this Agreement shall be received and held in confidence by
the Receiving Party (employing at least the same degree of care to protect the Confidential Information as the Receiving Party uses
to protect its own Confidential Information, but no less than reasonable care) and, other than as may be required by law or a court
of competent jurisdiction (after prior notice to the Disclosing Party and an opportunity for the Disclosing Party to object to or
limit such disclosure), the Receiving Party shall not use such Confidential Information or disclose any such Confidential
Information, except to carry out the terms of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.
Confidential information does not include information which (i) was known to the Receiving Party prior to Receipt from
the Disclosing Party, (ii) is lawfully received by the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of this Agreement, (iii) is
or subsequently becomes generally known to the public without breach of this Agreement, or (iv) is independently developed by the
Receiving Party without use of any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party.

4. Optional
Licensed Patents. At Licensees option (exercisable in Licensees sole discretion upon written notice to Licensor), any
issued patents or patent applications owned by or exclusively licensed to Licensor as of the Effective Date and not included in the Licensed
Patents at the time of such notice will be deemed added to Exhibit A and included in the license granted hereunder as of the Effective
Date subject to a fee (the Optional Licensing Fee) to be paid by Licensee to Licensor pursuant to a separate agreement,
which shall be negotiated in good faith and entered into by the Parties. The Optional Licensing Fee (i) shall not exceed 50% of the Licensing
Fee and (ii) will reflect the diminished value of such issued patents and patent applications for use and practice in connection with
the Field of Use, which such diminution Licensee hereby acknowledges.

5. Prosecution and
Maintenance. Licensor shall, at no cost to Licensee, duly prosecute and maintain (including paying all fees with respect to) all
Licensed Patents, provided that, if Licensor fails to do so, Licensee shall have the right to stand in Licensors place with
respect to the prosecution and maintenance of any Licensed Patent in its sole discretion, and Licensor hereby appoints Licensee as
its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, in the name and stead of Licensor but on behalf and
for the benefit of Licensee, to take and execute in the name of Licensor any actions and documents that may be deemed proper to
effectuate the foregoing.

6. Enforcement
and Defense.

(a) Enforcement
Against Third Party Infringers.

(1) In the event that
either Licensor or Licensee discovers that a third party may be infringing any of the Licensed Patents or Covered Technology within
the scope of the license granted herein, the discovering Party shall use reasonable efforts to promptly notify the other Party in
writing.

2

(2) Licensee
shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to bring an action for infringement against any third party infringers of the Licensed
Patents at its sole cost and expense and collect any damages and expenses awarded as a result thereof. Upon Licensees reasonable
request, Licensor shall join in or provide its reasonable cooperation with such enforcement (the reasonable out-of-pocket costs in connection
therewith to be borne by Licensee). Licensee shall keep Licensor reasonably informed as to the status of any such infringement action.
No settlement, consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of the action which materially and adversely affects the Licensed
Patents may be entered into by Licensee without the consent of Licensor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed.

(3) If
Licensee notifies Licensor in writing that it declines to bring an action for infringement against such third party identified to Licensee
in Licensors notice pursuant to Section 6(a), Licensor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to bring an action
for infringement against such third party at its sole cost and expense and collect any damages and expenses awarded as a result thereof,
in which case Licensor shall keep Licensee reasonably informed as to the developments in any such infringement action. Licensor shall
not enter into any settlement, consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of any action which materially and adversely affects
any of the Licensed Patents or Licensees rights under this Agreement without the consent of Licensee, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(b) Defense of
Infringement Claims and Patent Challenges.

(1) In
the event that litigation is threatened or initiated against Licensee by a third party charging that Licensees use or practice
of the Licensed Patents or Covered Technology as permitted hereunder infringes the intellectual property rights of such third party, upon
Licensees reasonable request, Licensor shall join in or provide its reasonable cooperation with such defense (and shall bear its
own costs and expenses in connection therewith). In the event a challenge is raised by a third party relating to the validity, enforceability
or ownership of any of the Licensed Patents, Licensor shall duly defend against such challenges at cost to Licensor and, in connection
therewith, consult with Licensee with respect to any responses to such challenge and keep Licensee reasonably informed as to the status
of any such challenge.

(2) In
the event that (i) a final judgment is entered in any litigation holding that (x) Licensees use or practice of the Licensed Patents
or Covered Technology has infringed or is infringing on a third partys intellectual property rights and that (y) Licensee is enjoined
from using or practicing any Licensed Patent or required to pay damages or a royalty to said third party, (ii) a settlement is agreed
to and entered in any litigation, which prevents Licensee from using or practicing any Licensed Patent or requires damages or a royalty
to be paid to said third party or (iii) final judgment is entered holding that any Licensed Patent is invalid, unenforceable or not owned
by Licensor; then, in any such event, without limiting other remedies Licensee may have in contract and in law, Licensor shall reimburse
Licensee for such damages or royalties out of the Licensing Fee and Optional Licensing Fee, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the
Licensing Fee and the Optional Licensing Fee. No settlement, consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of such action which
materially and adversely affects the Licensed Patents may be entered into without the consent of Licensor, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

7. Representations
and Warranties.

(a) Representations
and Warranties of Licensor and Licensee. Each of Licensor and Licensee represents and warrants to the other that as of the date
of execution of this Agreement: (i) he/it has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform his/its
obligations hereunder; (ii) he/it has taken all action and has secured the consents of all persons necessary to authorize the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement; and (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by he/it and
constitutes a valid and binding obligation enforceable against him/it in accordance with its terms.

3

(b) Additional Representations and
Warranties of Licensor. Licensor further represents and warrants to Licensee that: (i) he owns all right, title and interest in
and to all Covered Technology and the Licensed Patents; (ii) he has the full right to grant the rights and licenses granted
hereunder; (iii) there are no agreements, assignments, or encumbrances inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement or which
would prevent him from carrying out the terms of this Agreement, including any license grants (whether or not exclusive) under the
Licensed Patents or Covered Technology in the Field of Use; (iv) as of the date hereof, he does not have any right, title or
interest in and to any patents or patent applications relating to the Covered Technology, other than the issued patents and patent
applications listed on Exhibit B; and (v) all of the issued patents listed on Exhibit A are in full force and effect,
there are no challenges by any person or entity to the validity of the issued patents listed on Exhibit A, he is not aware of
any prior art which would render invalid any of the issued patents listed on Exhibit A, and none of the issued patents listed
on Exhibit A is involved in an interference action.

8. Term
and Termination.

(a) Term.
This Agreement and the license granted hereunder shall begin on the date hereof and, unless sooner terminated under Sections 8(b)
or 8(c), shall only terminate upon the expiration of the last to expire of the Licensed Patents.

(b) Termination
by Licensee. This Agreement and the license granted hereunder may be terminated by Licensee at any time, without cause, upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensor.

(
) Termination Upon Bankruptcy of Licensee. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence of an Event of
Bankruptcy with respect to the Licensee. As used herein, the term Event of Bankruptcy shall mean (i) the filing by
Licensee of a petition for bankruptcy under any law, (ii) the filing against Licensee of a petition to have it adjudicated as
bankrupt, which petition is not dismissed within thirty (30) days after its filing, (iii) the assumption by a trustee or other
person pursuant to a judicial proceeding of the assets of Licensee, which proceeding is not dismissed within thirty (30) days after
its commencement, or (iv) the entry of a decree or order of a court or agency or supervisory authority having jurisdiction for the
appointment of a conservator or receiver for Licensee in any insolvency proceedings or similar proceeding, which decree or order is
not dismissed within thirty (30) days after its entry.

9. Effects
of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall be entitled to finish any work-in-process, sell any completed inventory
which remain on hand as of the date of termination and complete the sale of any products, services or solutions that it is obligated to
sell to third parties as of the date of termination. Any sublicenses previously granted by Licensee to a sublicensee shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect, provided that (i) such sublicensee is not then in material breach of its sublicense agreement with Licensee
and (ii) such sublicensee agrees in writing with Licensor to be bound to Licensor as a direct Licensor under the terms and conditions
of the sublicense agreement.

10. Survival.
All provisions of this Agreement which, by their terms, have application beyond the termination of this Agreement shall survive the
termination of this Agreement and be given post-termination effect in accordance with their terms.

4

11. Assignment.
This Agreement may not be assigned by Licensor without the prior written consent of Licensee, except that in the event that Licensor
transfers or assigns to a third party all or a portion of the Licensed Patents, Licensor shall, contemporaneously with such transfer
or assignment, assign to such third party its rights and obligations hereunder that pertain to such transferred or assigned Licensed
Patents and notify Licensee in writing of such assignment. This Agreement may be assigned by Licensee, in whole or in part, without
the consent of Licensor.

12. Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i)
delivered by hand, (ii) delivered to an overnight courier service with guaranteed next day delivery, (iii) mailed by certified or registered
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (iv) sent by telecopy,(v) sent by email, and addressed (or sent, in the case of a
telecopy or email) as follows:

If to Licensor: Theodore R. Anderson

7 Martin Road

Brookfield, MA 01506

Telecopy no 508-867-3918

If to Licensee: Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc

833 Walker Road, Suite 21-2

Dover, Kent

DE 19904

or to such other person and place
as the parties hereto shall furnish in writing to each of the other parties hereto. Notices shall be deemed received (i) on the date of
delivery, if delivered by hand, (ii) on the day after delivery, if delivered to an overnight courier with guaranteed next day delivery,
(iii) three (3) days after deposit in the mail, if sent by certified or registered mail, and (iv) on the date of transmission, if sent
by telecopy.

13. Interpretive
Rules. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) include or including shall be deemed to be followed by without
limitation; (ii) hereof, herein, hereby, hereto and hereunder
shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (iii) extent in the phrase
to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other item extends and shall not simply mean if;
(iv) the singular includes the plural and vice versa; (v) any shall mean any and all; (vi) or
is used in the inclusive sense of and/or. The headings of any section or subsection of this Agreement are for convenience
only and shall not constitute a part hereof or limit the content of any section or subsection.

14.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement and the Exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire agreement between the Parties relating to
the subject matter thereof, and supersedes all prior discussions or agreements with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement
shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective representatives, successors and assigns.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. This Agreement may be
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument. This Agreement may not be modified or amended, except by a writing signed by the person against whom such
modification or amendment is sought to be enforced. No waiver of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a
waiver of a breach of any other provision of this Agreement or of a subsequent breach of the same provision. In the event one or
more of the provisions hereof shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provisions shall be deemed severable and
the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. The relationship between Licensor and Licensee is that of
independent contracting parties. Licensor and Licensee are not joint venturers, partners, principal and agent, master and servant,
or employer and employee, and have no relationship other than as independent contracting parties. Neither party shall have any power
to bind or obligate the other party in any manner. Licensee shall not use the name of Licensor in any advertising, promotional
or sales literature with respect to any Covered Product without the prior written approval of Licensor, which approval Licensor may
withhold in his sole and unfettered discretion. All rights not expressly granted to by a Party to the other Party hereunder are
retained by such Party, free and clear of any obligation to the other Party.

[Signature page follows.]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

THEODORE R. ANDERSON, as Licensor

/s/ Theodore R. Anderson

Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc, as Licensee

/s/ Paul T. Dacier

Name: Paul Dacier

Title: Executive Chairman
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex10-16_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING, DATED MARCH 15, 2023, BY AND BETWEEN DISCOVERY LAND CONSOLIDATED, LLC AND RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.16

March 15, 2023

Mr. Michael Meldman

Chairman

Discovery Land Consolidated, LLC

14605 N. 73rd Street

Scottsdale, AZ 85260

Dear Mr. Meldman:

This letter sets forth our arrangement
regarding the purchase by certain subsidiary companies of Discovery Land Consolidated, LLC (Discovery) of rain enhancement
equipment (the Equipment) that implements the ionization rainfall generation technology of Rain Enhancement Technologies,
Inc. (the Seller) as described and priced more particularly on Exhibit 1. The following sets out the material terms of our
arrangement.

1. Scope. From the date first set forth above through December 31, 2025 (the Term),
Discovery shall undertake commercially reasonable efforts to cause real estate development projects (the Discovery Projects)
it manages to purchase Equipment for use in enhancing precipitation at or near Discovery Projects such as Driftwood, Barbuda
Ocean Club, or Homewood, provided the Discovery Projects that shall proceed to purchase such Equipment shall be determined
by Discovery in its sole discretion.

2. Purchase of Equipment. Subject to the availability and pricing of the Equipment from Seller, Discovery will arrange
for individual Discovery Projects (Buyer or Buyers) to purchase and take delivery of, Equipment at the Buyers
site during the Term based on individual purchase contracts between Seller and Buyer (or its subsidiary or affiliate) that utilize the
terms stated in this agreement (each an Equipment PSA). It is Discoverys intent that Discovery Projects will purchase
a minimum of $500,000 of Equipment during the Term based on an average price of $100,000 per installation (which shall include training
and support services) at each Discovery Project (the Purchase Commitment) as further set forth in Exhibit 1 (the Purchase
Price). Seller will honor the Purchase Price during the Term for up to $1,000,000 worth of Equipment should Buyer elect to purchase
more than the $500,000 minimum. It is acknowledged and agreed that the Sellers pricing for the Equipment set forth on Exhibit 1
shall be cost plus a commercially reasonable markup not to exceed 15%.

3. Installation and Training. Upon mutual agreement, Seller shall deliver, install, and test the Equipment at the Discovery
Projects, and Buyer shall utilize and operate the Equipment at such Discovery Project provided it is safe and legally permitted to do
so, in Buyers reasonable discretion subject to applicable laws. Seller will provide training to staff at each Discovery Project
on the use of the Equipment and provide a complete written operating instruction manual that is updated from time to time as needed. Seller
will make available knowledgeable staff to provide remote product support (telephonic or by video link) at no additional cost to each
Buyer (s) of the Equipment for the duration of the Warranty Period. Seller shall produce and/or procure replacement parts necessitated
by ordinary and anticipated use during the Warranty Period.

4. Payment. Each purchase by and shipment to a Discovery Project constitutes
a separate sale, and Buyer shall pay for the Equipment within 30 days after the date of certification of operation at a Property is delivered to Buyer by
Seller, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Equipment PSA.

5. Equipment; Warranty Period. SUBJECT TO THE
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION IN EXHIBIT 1 AND/OR THE EQUIPEMENT PSA, THERE IS AN EQUIPMENT WARRANTY OF 7 YEARS FROM THE DATE OF INSTALLATION,
USE OR OPERATION (THE WARRANTY PERIOD). DISCOVERY AND/OR BUYER AND/OR BUYERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY BREACH
OF WARRANTY IS THE REPAIR, REPLACEMENT OR REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR THE EQUIPMENT, AT SELLERS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION.
. PROVIDED, HOWEVER, SELLER DOES NOT WARRANT ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS REGARDING THE ENHANCEMENT AND/OR INCREASE IN PRECIPITATION AT THE BUYERS
SITE OR GENERAL AREA. IN THE EVENT ANY REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT PARTS ARE REQUIRED DURING THE WARRANTY PERIOD AND PROCURED BY SELLER THE
WARRANTY PERIOD SHALL BE EXTENDED TO COVER SUCH REPLACEMENT PARTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO THE INSTALLATION, USE OR OPERATION OF THE EQUIPMENT
EXCEPT IN THE CASE WHERE THE EQUIPMENT IS DEFECTIVELY DESIGNED OR NEGLIGENTLY MANUFACTURED OR INSTALLED AND LIABILITY RESULTS DIRECTLY
FROM SUCH DEFECTIVE DESIGN OR NEGLIGENT PRODUCTION OR INSTALLATION.

IN SUCH EVENT, ANY SUCH DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO
THE SUM OF THE PURCHASE COMMITMENT ($500,000.00).

2

6. Confidentiality. Except with respect to the issuance of press releases in accordance with
paragraph 7 of this letter, neither Party shall disclose any information concerning the negotiations between them or the existence or
substance of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the other Party, except if, and to the extent that such Party is required
to make any public disclosure or filing by applicable law, or pursuant to any rules or regulations of any securities exchange.

7. Press Release. From time to time during the Term, Discovery, Buyer and Seller agree to
issue one or more press releases or other public announcements about this arrangement. The content and terms of release of any such announcements
shall be agreed to in advance by Discovery or an affiliated Buyer and Seller.

8. Indemnification. Each of Seller and Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other for any all losses, damages,
liabilities, and claims from third parties arising from this arrangement, the installation, use or operation of the Equipment, or the
negligence of, or failure to comply with applicable law by, the indemnifying Party.

9. Regulatory Compliance. Seller understands and agrees that it shall be responsible for
manufacturing, delivering, and installing the Equipment in compliance with any applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or
codes (Governing Law). Seller shall provide updated information and guidance from time to time when it becomes aware of
changes to Governing Law, or when reasonably requested by Buyer from time to time. Buyer shall operate the Equipment in accordance with
Governing Law.

10. State Law. This arrangement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws rules and regulations.

[Signatures
Follow]

3

We greatly appreciate your interest
in working with us and look forward to a mutually beneficial relationship.

Very truly yours,

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECNOLOGIES, INC.

Seller

BY: /s/ Paul T. Dacier

ITS: Executive Chairman

Accepted and Agreed 

DISCOVERY LAND CONSOLIDATED, LLC 

Discovery 

BY: /s/ Schuyler Joyner 

ITS: Authorized Rep.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14.1
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex14-1_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. CODE OF ETHICS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 14.1

RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

A. SCOPE

This Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the Code) applies to all directors, officers and employees of Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. and
its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company). Such covered individuals are referred to herein collectively as the Covered
Persons. This Code is intended to meet the standards of a code of ethics under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and
the standards of a code of business conduct and ethics under the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq).

B. PURPOSE

This Code is intended to (1)
emphasize the Companys commitment to ethics and compliance with the law, (2) set forth basic standards of ethical and legal behavior,
(3) provide reporting mechanisms for known or suspected ethical or legal violations and (4) help prevent and detect wrongdoing.

Given the variety and complexity
of ethical questions that may arise in the Companys course of business, this Code serves only as a guide. Confronted with ethically
ambiguous situations, Covered Persons should be mindful of the Companys commitment to high ethical standards and seek advice from
the Companys Corporate Secretary or other appropriate personnel, such as members of the legal and compliance department, to ensure
that all actions taken on behalf of the Company honor this commitment.

C. Conflicts of Interest

A conflict
of interest occurs when an individuals private interest interferes in any way or even appears to interfere 
with the interests of the Company as a whole. A conflict situation can arise when a Covered Person takes actions or has interests that
may make it difficult to perform their Company work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest also arise when a Covered Person,
or a member of their family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of their position in the Company. Loans to, or guarantees
of obligations of, such persons are of special concern. Conflicts of interest may not always be clear-cut, so if you have a question,
you should consult with the Corporate Secretary. Each Covered Person should engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, including
in their handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships. Any Covered Person who
becomes aware of a conflict or potential conflict should bring it to the attention of the Corporate Secretary or consult the procedures
described in this Code.

D. Corporate Opportunities

Except as may otherwise be
permitted by the Company in accordance with applicable law, Covered Persons are prohibited from (1) taking for themselves opportunities
that are discovered through the use of Company property, information or position without the consent of the Board of Directors of the
Company (the Board), (2) using Company property, information or position for improper personal gain, and (3) competing with
the Company. Covered Persons owe a duty to the Company to advance the Companys legitimate interests whenever possible.

E. Confidentiality

In carrying out the Companys
business, Covered Persons often learn confidential or proprietary information about the Company, its customers, prospective customers
or other third parties. Covered Persons must maintain the confidentiality of all information so entrusted to them, except when disclosure
is authorized or legally mandated. Confidential or proprietary information includes, among other things, any non-public information concerning
the Company, including its business, financial performance, results or prospects, and any non-public information provided by a third party
with the expectation that the information will be kept confidential and used solely for the business purpose for which it was conveyed.

F. Fair Dealing

The Company is committed to
maintaining the highest legal and ethical standards in the conduct of its business. Meeting this commitment is the responsibility of the
Company and each and every one of its Covered Persons. Each Covered Person should endeavor to deal fairly with the Companys customers,
suppliers, service providers, competitors and employees. No Covered Person should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation,
concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any unfair dealing practice.

G. Protection and
Proper Use of Company Assets

All Covered Persons should
seek to protect the Companys assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on the Companys
financial performance. Officers, directors and employees must use the Companys assets and services solely for legitimate business
purpose of the Company and not for any personal benefit or the personal benefit of anyone else.

H. Compliance with
Laws, Rules and Regulations

Obeying the law, both in letter
and in spirit, is the foundation on which the Companys ethical standards are built. All Covered Persons must respect and obey the
laws of the cities, states and countries in which the Company operates. Although not all employees are expected to know the details of
these laws, it is important to know enough to determine when to seek advice from supervisors, managers or other appropriate personnel.
Covered Persons should strive to identify and raise potential issues before they lead to problems, and should ask about the application
of this Code whenever in doubt. Any questions relating to how these policies should be interpreted or applied should be addressed to the
Corporate Secretary.

2

I. Insider Trading

Covered Persons are prohibited
by Company policy and by law from buying or selling publicly traded securities for any purpose at a time when in possession of material
nonpublic information. This conduct is known as insider trading. If you have any question about whether a particular
transaction may constitute insider trading and what you need to do in such case, you should consult the Companys Insider Trading
Policy.

J. Timely and Truthful
Public Disclosure

It is the Companys
policy to make full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in all
reports and documents it files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and all other
governmental, quasi-governmental and self-regulatory bodies and in all other public communications made by the Company. Covered Persons
shall not knowingly falsify information, misrepresent material facts, or omit material facts, necessary to avoid misleading the Companys
independent registered public accounting firm or investors. Covered Persons shall never take any action to coerce, manipulate, mislead,
or fraudulently influence the Companys independent registered public accounting firm in the performance of its audit or review
of the Companys financial statements.

K. ADMINISTRATION

Waivers 

Any waiver or amendment of
this Code for any executive officer, the principal financial officer, the principal accounting officer, the controller or any person performing
similar functions or director may be made only by the Board of Directors of the Company and will be promptly disclosed as required by
law or the requirements of the SEC and the Nasdaq.

Reporting of Known or Suspected Violations
or Illegal or Unethical Behavior

Covered Persons should promptly
report (openly or confidentially and/or anonymously if you are an employee of the Company) in any of the manners described below:

Any
questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters (an Accounting
Allegation);

Any possible non-compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements
(a Legal Allegation);

Any possible non-compliance with this Code (a Code Allegation);
and

Any alleged retaliation against employees and other persons who make, in
good faith, Accounting Allegations, Legal Allegations or Code Allegations (a Retaliatory Act).

3

In addition to any other avenue available,
you may, in your sole discretion, report to the chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee) or
the Corporate Secretary:

in writing to the chairperson of the Audit Committee or the Corporate Secretary, as applicable, at 1659
Chinaberry Ct. Naples, FL 34105;

by calling the Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc Integrity Hotline toll-free number listed in
Annex A; or

by accessing the Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc Integrity Hotline at the direct or mobile website
listed in Annex A.

The Company will take measures
to protect the confidentiality of any report made, subject to applicable law, regulation, or legal proceedings. The Company will not permit
or tolerate discrimination or retaliation of any kind by or on behalf of the Company nor any director, officer, employee, contractor,
subcontractor, or agent of the Company against employees who make honest and good faith reports regarding alleged violations of this Code
or other allegations regarding illegal, unethical, or non-compliant behavior. These prohibitions also apply to the Companys subsidiaries
and affiliates whose financial information is included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

L. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ADHERENCE TO THIS CODE

All
Covered Persons are expected to comply with all of the provisions of this Code. The Code
will be strictly enforced throughout the Company and violations will be dealt with immediately.

If the Companys Audit
Committee, Corporate Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, or their respective designees determine that this Code has been violated, either
directly, by failing to report a violation, or by withholding information related to a violation, the offending Covered Person may be
disciplined for noncompliance with penalties up to and including dismissal. Such penalties may include a written letter of reprimand,
disgorgement, suspension with or without pay or benefits, and termination of employment.

Violations of this Code may
also constitute violations of law and may result in criminal penalties and civil liabilities for the offending Covered Person and the
Company. All Covered Persons are expected to cooperate in internal investigations of alleged misconduct.

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex21-1_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiaries of Registrant

Name State or Country of Organization

Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc. Massachusetts
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ea022685001ex99-1_rain.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF HOLDCO AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS OF HOLDCO FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
INFORMATION

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Exhibit 99.1 shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K) to
which this exhibit is attached and, if not defined in the Form 8-K, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed with the
SEC on December 10, 2024 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus).

The Business Combination refers to the transaction
among Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (RET), Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc.,
a Massachusetts corporation (Holdco), Rainwater Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Holdco (Merger Sub 1), Rainwater Merger Sub 2A, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Coliseum (Merger Sub 2) and Coliseum Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Coliseum) pursuant
to the merger agreement dated June 25, 2024, and was later amended on August 22, 2024.

Unless the context requires otherwise, all
references to (i) Coliseum refer to Coliseum Acquisition Corp. prior to giving effect to the Business Combination; (ii)
Holdco or Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. refer to the surviving entity, after giving effect to
the Business Combination; and (iii) RET refers to Rain Enhancement Technologies, Inc. prior to giving effect to the Business
Combination.

Introduction

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information and accompanying notes are provided to aid you in your analysis of the financial aspects of Rain Enhancement Technologies
Holdco, Inc. following the Business Combination, the PIPE Transaction and related transactions, which are collectively referred to as
the Transactions. The following information is also relevant to understanding the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information contained herein:

On December 23, 2024, Coliseum held two shareholder
meetings, (1) to seek shareholder approval of an extension of time to complete the Business Combination and related items (the Extension
Meeting) and (2) to seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination (the Business Combination Meeting). In
connection with the Extension Meeting and Business Combination Meeting, an aggregate of 856,188 and 207,510 Public Shares were redeemed
at approximately $11.39 per share and approximately $11.41 per share, for an aggregate payment of approximately $9.7 million and approximately
$2.4 million out of Trust Account, respectively. As a result, prior to Closing, Coliseum paid out a total of approximately $12.1 million
of redemption payment out of Trust Account for the 1,063,698 Public Shares submitted for redemption. After redemptions, there was a total
of 723,414 Public Shares and an aggregate of approximately $8.25 million remaining in Trust Account.

On December 31, 2024, RET, Coliseum,
Holdco, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 completed the previously announced Business Combination (Closing). On the Closing
date, Coliseum merged with and into Merger Sub 1, with Merger Sub 1 as the surviving company of such merger (the SPAC Merger),
and following the SPAC Merger and as a part of the same overall transaction, Merger Sub 2 merged with and into RET, with RET as the surviving
entity of such merger (the Company Merger and together with the SPAC Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination). As a result of the consummation of the Business Combination,
each of Merger Sub 1 (which was later renamed as Rainwater Acquisition Corp.), and RET became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco. In
connection with the Business Combination, the following transactions also occurred:

- PIPE Investments: Holdco entered into
subscription agreements with certain investors (collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements) to sell an aggregate of
$1.35 million of shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock at $11.39 per share. Holdco closed on an aggregate of $700,000 of the PIPE Investment
and issued 61,474 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock at the Closing. Of these, an aggregate of 8,782 and 17,564 shares were purchased
by Paul Dacier and one of the post-Closing directors, for an aggregate of $100,000 and $200,000, respectively. 

- Private Placement Warrants Exchange: An
aggregate of 3,225,000 issued and outstanding Private Placement Warrants were exchanged for 806,250 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock
(based on an exchange ratio of 0.25 shares for each Private Placement Warrant) pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreement. 

- Forward Purchase Agreement
with Meteora: On December 30, 2024, Holdco entered into a forward purchase agreement (the Forward Purchase Agreement)
with Meteora Capital Partners, LP and affiliated funds (Meteora) for an OTC equity prepaid forward transaction. An aggregate
of 361,858 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock (the Forward Purchase Shares) are subject to the Forward Purchase Agreement,
for which Meteora was paid approximately $4.1 million at Closing (the Prepayment) and the Company retained approximately
$20,000 (the Prepayment Shortfall). The Forward Purchase Agreement matures on the date of the effectiveness of a certain
registration statement filed by Holdco with the Securities and Exchange Commission following the Closing Date (the Maturity Date).
Meteora may sell the Forward Purchase shares at any time following the Closing Date until the Maturity Date at a price not less than $10.00
per share. If Meteora sells any of the Forward Purchase Shares, Meteora will pay to Holdco $10.00 for each share sold, less the Prepayment
Shortfall. On Maturity Date, any Forward Purchase Shares that have not been sold by Meteora will be returned to the Company for no consideration,
provided that if the proceeds of the shares sold by Meteora prior to the Maturity Date is less than the Prepayment Shortfall, then Holdco
will pay cash to Meteora in an amount equal to such difference. 

- Line of Credit: On December 30, 2024,
Holdco entered into a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement) with RHY Management LLC (RHY), an affiliate of Harry
You, pursuant to which RHY agreed to issue a line of credit (the LOC) to Holdco for up to $7 million, in addition to the
Rollover amount described below (such amounts borrowed under the LOC, together with the Rollover, the Loan). The Loan has
an interest rate of 5%, and interest will be due and payable in arrears quarterly. Additionally, prior to Closing, Mr. You and his affiliates
(including the New Sponsor) also loaned or advanced or had an outstanding balance for services to Coliseum and RET. All of these outstanding
amounts (the Rollover) were assigned to and assumed by Holdco and are treated for all purposes as Loans outstanding under
the Loan Agreement. The Rollover amount does not reduce the $7 million funding available to the Company under the LOC. As of the date
of this filing, the Company has not borrowed any of the $7 million available funding under the LOC. 

Holdco issued 5,000 shares of Holdco Class A
Common Stock to a third-party consulting firm in connection with the Business Combination. 

On December 31, 2024, Holdco entered into a binding
offer letter (the Offer Letter) with its new Co-CEO, Mr. Seidl, pursuant to which Holdco agreed to pay to the CEO (i) an
annual salary of $500,000, (ii) a contingent bonus payment of $5.0 million that will be issued under a form of an unsecured note payable
(the Officer Note) on the earlier of (x) four-year anniversary of the Officer Note, subject to the CEOs continued
service with Holdco through such date, and (y) the date of termination, if Holdco terminates the CEOs employment without cause.
As of the date of this filing, the Officer Note has not been issued.

In addition, Holdco also expects to execute the
following transactions:

PIPE Investments: Holdco executed PIPE
subscription agreements with Harry You and Paul Dacier to sell 43,910 and 13,173 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock, respectively,
at $11.39 per share, for a total subscription amount of $650,000, and such amount will be remit to Holdco after Closing. A receivable
has been recorded in short term receivables in the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet. 

The Business Combination was structured as follows:

a) Prior to Closing, the sole outstanding Coliseum
Class B Ordinary Share was converted into one Coliseum Class A Ordinary Share, which was then converted into one share of Holdco Class
A Common Stock at Closing.

2

b) Prior to Closing, pursuant to Extension Non-Redemption
Agreements and the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Previous Sponsor and Sponsor Affiliate forfeited and surrendered for no consideration
an aggregate of 606,972 Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares, and Coliseum issued 606,972 newly-issued Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares
to the Extension Non-Redeeming Shareholders.

c) On the Closing Date, each Coliseum Class A
Ordinary Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to Closing (excluding redeemed public shares) was automatically converted into
the right to receive one share of Holdco Class A Common Stock, and each whole Coliseum Public Warrant issued and outstanding immediately
prior to Closing was assumed by Holdco and became exercisable for shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock.

d) On the Closing Date, each Private Placement Warrant
was exchanged for 0.25 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock in the Warrant Exchange.

e) On the Closing date, (i) each outstanding
share of RET Preferred Stock and RET Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to Closing was converted into
the right to receive a number of shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio and (ii) each share of RET
Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to Closing was converted into the right to receive a number of shares
of Holdco Class B Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio. The Exchange Ratio was approximately 1,434 shares of Holdco Common Stock
for every outstanding share of RET Common Stock. Following the Closing, an aggregate of 1,232 shares of RET Preferred Stock and 250 shares
of RET Class A Common Stock were converted into 2,125,539 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock, and an aggregate of 40 shares of RET
Class B Common Stock were converted into 57,752 shares of Holdco Class B Common Stock.

f) At Closing, each of the RET 1,500 Options outstanding
was converted into 2,150,838 Holdco Option on the same terms and conditions as were in effect with respect to RET Option immediately prior
to Closing, except that the exercise price per share of such Holdco Option is equal to the quotient of (x) the exercise price per share
of such RET Option in effect immediately prior to Closing divided by (y) the Exchange Ratio (the exercise price per share, as so determined,
being rounded up to the nearest full cent), which is equal to an exercise price of $2.06 per share.

The Holdco A&R Articles authorize two classes
of Holdco Common Stock: Holdco Class A Common Stock and Holdco Class B Common Stock. Holdco Class A Common Stock entitles the holders
thereof to one vote per share on all matters on which the shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock is entitled to vote, and Holdco Class
B Common Stock entitles the holders thereof to fifteen votes per share on all matters on which the shares of Holdco Class B Common Stock
are entitled to vote. Additionally, for so long as the RET Founders (Paul T. Dacier, Harry L. You, and Niccolo de Masi, or their affiliates)
hold at least 20% of the number of shares of Holdco Class B Common Stock collectively held by them as of the Closing, the RET Founders
have rights that are different from unaffiliated shareholders, including the right to fill vacancies on the Holdco Board, to call special
meetings of shareholders, and the Holdco A&R Articles permits action by written consent of the shareholders and requires that amendments
to the Holdco A&R Articles be approved by a majority of the shares of Holdco Common Stock entitled to vote in lieu of two-thirds of
the shares of Holdco Common Stock entitled to vote on the matter.

The Dual Class Structure will terminate on the
date that is five years after completion of the Business Combination, or earlier (i) at the option of the holder at any time, (ii)
automatically on the date on which the RET Founders or their Permitted Transferees (as defined in the Holdco A&R Articles) collectively
own twenty percent (20%) or less of the number of shares of Holdco Class B Common Stock collectively held by such persons or their Permitted
Transferees immediately after the completion of the Business Combination, (iii) automatically upon the occurrence of a transfer of Holdco
Class B Common Stock that is not a Permitted Transfer, and (iv) automatically on the date specified by the affirmative vote of the holders
of Holdco Class B Common Stock representing not less than two-thirds (23) of the voting power of the Holdco Class B Common Stock.
The Holdco Class A Common Stock and the Holdco Class B Common Stock have identical economic rights, including dividend and liquidation
rights.

3

The table below presents the exchanges of shares
and new issuance of Holdco shares that occurred upon consummation of the Business Combination on a pro forma basis.

Holdco Shares equivalents upon Closing 

Pre-Closing Class A Class B

(fifteen voting rights) Warrants Options 

Coliseum: 

Public Shares outstanding after redemptions, excluding Forward Purchase Shares with Meteora 361,556 361,556 

Public Shares subject to Forward Purchase Agreement with Meteora 361,858 361,858 

Founder Shares issued to the New Sponsor, Previous Sponsor, and NRA Holders 3,750,000 3,750,000 

Private Placement Warrants 3,225,000 806,250 

Public Warrants 5,000,000 5,000,000 

RET: 

Preferred Stock 1,232 1,766,554 

Class A Common Stock outstanding 250 358,985 

Class B Common Stock outstanding 40 57,752 

Options 1,500 2,150,838 

Holdco: 

PIPE Class A Common Stock (*) 118,557 

Class A Common Stock issued for services 5,000 

TOTAL 7,528,760 57,752 5,000,000 2,150,838 

(*) Of these, the Company received $700,000 and issued 61,474
shares to the investors at Closing. The Company expects to receive an addition of $650,000 after Closing pursuant to the PIPE subscription
agreements with Harry You and Paul Dacier to sell 43,910 and 13,173 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock, respectively.

Accounting for the Business Combination

Basis of Pro Forma Presentation

The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X. The adjustments in the unaudited pro forma
combined financial information have been identified and presented to provide relevant information necessary for an illustrative understanding
of the Combined Company upon consummation of the Business Combination and the other events contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement
in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Assumptions and estimates underlying the unaudited
pro forma adjustments set forth in the unaudited pro forma combined financial information are described in the accompanying
notes. The unaudited pro forma combined financial information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the operating results and financial position that would have been achieved had the Business Combination occurred on the
dates indicated, and does not reflect adjustments for any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies, tax savings or cost savings.
Any cash proceeds remaining after the consummation of the Business Combination and the other events contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. Further, the unaudited pro forma combined financial information
does not purport to project the future operating results or financial position of the Combined Company following the consummation of the
Business Combination. The unaudited pro forma adjustments represent managements estimates based on information available as
of the date of the unaudited pro forma combined financial information and are subject to change as additional information becomes
available and analyses are performed. Coliseum and RET have not had any historical relationship prior to the Business Combination. Accordingly,
no pro forma adjustments were required to eliminate activities between the companies.

4

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE
SHEET

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Pro
Forma 

September
30,

2024 September
30,

2024 September
30, 

2024 Transaction Pro
Forma 

HoldCo

(Historical) (1) Coliseum 

(Historical) Rainwater Tech 

(Historical) (1) Accounting 

Adjustments Combined 

ASSETS 

Current
assets 

Cash $ - $ - $ 239,857 $ 8,251,027 (4 ) $ 710,355 

(4,823,930 ) (8 ) 

450,000 (9 ) 

700,000 (10 ) 

(4,106,599 ) (17 ) 

Subscriptions
receivable - related parties - - - 650,000 (10 ) 650,000 

Prepaid
expenses and other assets - 40,500 10,531 - 51,031 

Total
current assets - 40,500 250,388 1,120,498 1,411,386 

Marketable
securities held in Trust Account - 20,055,086 - 117,500 (1 ) - 

210,636 (2 ) 

(12,132,196 ) (3 ) 

(8,251,027 ) (4 ) 

Equipment - - 414,033 - 414,033 

Intangible
assets - - 95,346 - 95,346 

Total
assets $ - $ 20,095,586 $ 759,767 $ (18,934,588 ) $ 1,920,765 

LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current
liabilities 

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses $ 18,195 $ 2,387,179 $ 711,665 $ (4,823,930 ) (8 ) $ 3,385,605 

5,110,691 (8 ) 

Line
of credit - related party - - - 2,737,424 (15 ) 2,737,424 

Due
to related parties - 1,646,557 206,929 (1,853,486 ) (15 ) - 

Convertible
note payable - related parties - 550,000 - 117,500 (1 ) - 

(667,500 ) (15 ) 

Note
payable - related parties - - 600,000 (200,000 ) (15 ) 400,000 

Accrued
interest - related parties - - 49,315 (16,438 ) (15 ) 32,877 

Non-redemption
agreement liabilities - 218,277 - (218,277 ) (14 ) - 

Deferred
consulting fees - 35,904 - (35,904 ) (14 ) - 

Total
current liabilities 18,195 4,837,917 1,567,909 150,080 6,555,906 

Derivative
liabilities - 411,250 - 64,500 (12 ) 250,000 

(225,750 ) (13 ) 

Total
liabilities 18,195 5,249,167 1,567,909 (11,170 ) 6,805,906 

Commitments
and contingencies 

Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - 20,055,086 - 117,500 (1 ) - 

210,636 (2 ) 

(12,132,196 ) (3 ) 

(8,251,027 ) (5 ) 

Stockholders
equity (deficit) 

Preferred
stock - - - - (7 ) - 

Ordinary
shares/ Common stock - 

Class A - 3,750 - (3,750 ) (6 )(7) - 

Holdco
Class A common stock - - - 72 (5 ) 753 

375 (6 )(7) 

212 (7 ) 

12 (10 ) 

1 (11 ) 

81 (13 ) 

Ordinary
shares/ Common stock - 

Class B - - - - (7 ) - 

Holdco
Class B common stock - - - 6 (7 ) 6 

Subscription
receivable - - (450,000 ) 450,000 (9 ) - 

Additional
paid-in capital - - 4,726,473 8,250,955 (5 ) 4,963,109 

3,375 (6 )(7) 

(218 ) (7 ) 

1,349,988 (10 ) 

57,027 (11 ) 

225,669 (13 ) 

(9,650,160 ) (16 ) 

Accumulated
deficit (18,195 ) (5,212,417 ) (5,084,615 ) (117,500 ) (1 ) (5,742,411 )

- (2 ) 

(5,110,691 ) (8 ) 

(57,028 ) (11 ) 

(64,500 ) (12 ) 

254,181 (14 ) 

9,650,160 (16 ) 

Prepaid
Forward Purchase Agreement - - - (4,106,599 ) (17 ) (4,106,599 )

Total
stockholders equity (deficit) (18,195 ) (5,208,667 ) (808,142 ) 1,131,667 (4,885,142 )

Total
liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) $ - $ 20,095,586 $ 759,767 $ (18,934,589 ) $ 1,920,764 

(*) Holdco is a wholly owned subsidiary of RET incorporated on
May 21, 2024. The historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of RET as of and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 includes the historical results of Holdco. Accordingly, the pro forma combined results do not include the
values presented in the column of the historical financial statement of Holdco.

5

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

For the nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 

Pro Forma 

HoldCo (Historical)
(1) Coliseum 

(Historical) Rainwater Tech

(Historical) (1) Transaction 

Accounting 

Adjustments Pro Forma 

Combined 

Expenses 

General and administrative $ 18,195 $ 2,478,244 $ 3,341,339 $ 375,000 (e) $ 6,194,583 

Franchise tax expenses - - 225 - 225 

Operating loss (18,195 ) (2,478,244 ) (3,341,564 ) (375,000 ) (6,194,808 )

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense on notes payable to related parties - - (22,274 ) 102,653 (f) 80,379 

Interest income earned from operating cash - - 64 - 64 

Interest earned from cash and investments held in Trust Account - 1,216,966 - (1,216,966 )(c) - 

Gain from extinguishment of deferred underwriting fee allocated to warrant liabilities - - - - - 

Loss in connection with non-redemption agreements - - - - - 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities - (82,250 ) - 32,250 (d) (50,000 )

Change in fair value of non-redemption agreement liabilities - (23,600 ) - 23,600 (d) - 

Change in fair value of deferred consulting fees - (4,671 ) - 4,671 (d) - 

Total other income (expense) - 1,106,445 (22,210 ) (1,053,792 ) 30,443 

Net income (loss) $ (18,195 ) $ (1,371,799 ) $ (3,363,774 ) $ (1,428,792 ) $ (6,164,365 )

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted 2,848,533 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption $ (0.21 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B and non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted 3,750,000 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B and non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares $ (0.21 ) 

Weighted average common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 1 

Basic and diluted net loss per common stock $ (18,195 ) 

Weighted average Class A common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 250 

Basic and diluted net loss per Class A common stock $ (2,016.64 ) 

Weighted average Class B common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 1,418 

Basic and diluted net loss per Class B common stock $ (2,016.65 ) 

Basic and diluted net income per share $ (0.85 )

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 7,224,654 

(*) Holdco is a wholly owned subsidiary of RET incorporated on
May 21, 2024. The historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of RET as of and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 includes the historical results of Holdco. Accordingly, the pro forma combined results do not include the
values presented in the column of the historical financial statement of Holdco.

6

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2023 

Pro Forma 

Coliseum Rainwater Tech Transaction 

Accounting Pro Forma 

(Historical) (Historical) Adjustments Combined 

Expenses 

General and administrative $ 1,931,216 $ 409,848 $ 5,110,691 (a) $ 7,951,755 

500,000 (e) 

Franchise tax expenses - 225 - 225 

Operating loss (1,931,216 ) (410,073 ) (5,610,691 ) (7,951,980 )

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense on notes payable to related parties - (27,041 ) 136,871 (f) 109,830 

Interest income earned from operating cash - 107 - 107 

Interest earned from cash and investments held in Trust Account 4,950,119 - - (c) 4,950,119 

Stock based compensation expenses 57,028 (b) 57,028 

Gain from extinguishment of deferred underwriting fee allocated to warrant liabilities 275,625 - - 275,625 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities - - - - 

Loss in connection with non-redemption agreements (194,898 ) - - (194,898 )

Change in fair value of non-redemption agreement liabilities 221 - - (d) 221 

Change in fair value of deferred consulting fees (190 ) - - (d) (190 )

Total other income (expense) 5,030,877 (26,934 ) 193,899 5,197,842 

Net income (loss) $ 3,099,661 $ (437,007 ) $ (5,416,792 ) $ (2,754,138 )

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted 9,888,845 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption $ 0.23 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B and non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted 3,750,000 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B and non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares $ 0.23 

Weighted average common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 1,437 

Basic and diluted net loss per common stock $ (304.11 ) 

Basic and diluted net income per share $ (0.38 )

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 7,224,654 

7

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Basis of Pro Forma Presentation

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information was prepared in accordance with Article 11 of SEC Regulation S-X, as amended by the final rule, Release
No. 33-10786, Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses. Release No. 33-10786 replaces
the historical pro forma adjustments criteria with simplified requirements to depict the accounting for the transaction (Transaction
Accounting Adjustments) and present the reasonably estimable synergies and other transaction effects that have occurred or
are reasonably expected to occur (Managements Adjustments). Management has elected not to present
Managements Adjustments and will only be presenting Transaction Accounting Adjustments in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information. The adjustments presented in the unaudited pro forma combined financial information have been identified and presented
to provide relevant information necessary for an understanding of Holdco upon consummation of the Transactions. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial information does not give effect to any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies, tax savings, or cost
savings that may be associated with the Business Combination. Coliseum and RET had not had any historical relationship prior to the Business
Combination. Accordingly, no pro forma adjustments were required to eliminate activities between the companies.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial
statements are based on Holdcos, Coliseums and RETs historical financial statements, as adjusted to give effect to
the Business Combination.

The unaudited pro forma combined balance
sheet as of September 30, 2024 gives effect to the Business Combination as if it had been consummated on September 30, 2024.
The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year
ended December 31, 2023 gives effect to the Business Combination as if it had occurred on January 1, 2023, the beginning of
the earliest period presented. The Business Combination will be treated as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under
this method of accounting, Coliseum will be treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly,
for accounting purposes, the business combination will be treated as the equivalent of RET issuing stock for the net assets of Coliseum,
accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Coliseum will be stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible
assets recorded.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information and accompanying notes as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
have been derived from and should be read in conjunction with:

the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of Coliseum as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the related notes
included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed with the SEC on December 10, 2024;

the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of RET as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the related notes included
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed with the SEC on December 10, 2024; and

the audited financial statements of Holdco as
of September 30, 2024 and for the period from May 21, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 included in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus filed with the SEC on December 10, 2024.

The unaudited pro forma combined statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 have been derived from and should be read in conjunction with:

the historical audited statement of operations
of Coliseum for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related notes included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed with the
SEC on December 10, 2024; and

the historical audited statement of operations
of RET for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related notes included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed with the SEC on
December 10, 2024.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information should also be read together with the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combine financial statements,
financial statements of Holdco, Coliseum and RET included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and the sections of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
entitled Coliseum Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and
RET Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

8

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Holdco management has made significant estimates
and assumptions in its determination of the pro forma adjustments. As the unaudited pro forma combined financial information
has been prepared based on these preliminary estimates, the final amounts recorded may differ materially from the information presented.

The pro forma adjustments reflecting the
consummation of the Business Combination are based on information available as of the date of this filing and certain assumptions and
methodologies that Holdco management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The unaudited condensed pro forma adjustments,
which are described in these notes, may be revised as additional information becomes available and is evaluated. Therefore, the actual
adjustments may materially differ from the pro forma adjustments that appear herein. The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information does not reflect the income tax effects of the pro forma adjustments as based on the statutory rate in effect for the
historical periods presented, as Holdco management believes income tax adjustments to not be meaningful given the combined entity incurred
significant losses during the historical periods presented. Holdco management considers this basis of presentation to be reasonable under
the circumstances.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information has been prepared based on actual redemptions, actual PIPE subscriptions as discussed in the section titled Introduction
above.

The Holdco Class A Common Stock issued at the
Closing was determined based on an exchange ratio (the Exchange Ratio) equal to approximately 1,434 (that was calculated
based on the redemption price of approximately $11.41 immediately prior to Closing). See Introduction for more information.

2. Transaction Accounting Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information

Unadjusted Accounting Transactions to Unaudited
Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements

The unaudited pro forma condensed financial statements
exclude the effects of the following transactions:

(i) Forward Purchase Agreement with Meteora: On December 30, 2024, Holdco entered into the Forward
Purchase Agreement with Meteora for an OTC equity prepaid forward transaction. An aggregate of 361,858 Forward Purchase Shares are subject
to the Forward Purchase Agreement, for which Meteora was paid a Prepayment of approximately $4.1 million at Closing and the Company retained
a Prepayment Shortfall of approximately $20,000. Meteora may sell the Forward Purchase shares at any time following the Closing Date until
the Maturity Date at a price not less than $10.00 per share. If Meteora sells any of the Forward Purchase Shares, Meteora will pay to
Holdco $10.00 for each share sold, less the Prepayment Shortfall. On Maturity Date, any Forward Purchase Shares that have not been sold
by Meteora will be returned to the Company for no consideration, provided that if the proceeds of the shares sold by Meteora prior to
the Maturity Date is less than the Prepayment Shortfall, then Holdco will pay cash to Meteora in an amount equal to such difference. Management
is currently assessing the accounting impact of such transaction and cannot reasonably estimate its fair value of these financial instruments.
For the purpose of this statement, management reflected the full Prepayment amount of approximately $4.1 million to Meteora in Prepaid
Forward Purchase Agreement within shareholders deficit in the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

(ii) CEO Compensation: On December 31, 2024, Holdco entered into an Offer Letter with its new Co-CEO, Mr. Seidl,
pursuant to which Holdco agreed to pay to the CEO (i) an annual salary of $500,000, (ii) a contingent bonus payment of $5.0 million that
will be issued under a form of an unsecured note payable on the earlier of (x) four-year anniversary of the Officer Note, subject to the
CEOs continued service with Holdco through such date, and (y) the date of termination, if Holdco terminates the CEOs employment
without cause. As of the date of this filing, the Officer Note has not been issued. The bonus payment of $5.0 million along with interest
pursuant to the terms of the agreement is considered as a contingent liability (Contingent Award) and will be recoded when
it becomes probable. Management determines that an analysis on the probability will need to be done in order to determine the appropriate
presentation for the Contingent Award. For the purpose of this statement, management chose to omit the presentation of the Contingent
Award.

9

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Transaction Accounting Adjustments to Unaudited
Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet

The transaction accounting adjustments included
in the unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, are as follows:

(1) On October 25, 2024, November 25, 2024, and December 24, 2024, Coliseum Board elected to extend the date
by which Coliseum had to consummate the Business Combination to December 31, 2024. In connection with such extensions, the New Sponsor
loaned an aggregate of $117,500 to Coliseum under the form of the Convertible Note, and such amount was deposited into the Trust Account.
Total outstanding balance under the Convertible Note was increased to $667,500 prior to Closing. This adjustment reflects an increase
to convertible note balance of $117,500 with a corresponding increase in Trust Account, and also reflects an adjustment to accumulated
deficit with a corresponding increase in Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to reflect increase in redemption value
for the Public Shares subject to redemption amount due to the extension.

(2) Reflects the interest income of $0.2 million earned related to the Trust Account subsequent to September
30, 2024 through Closing date and an adjustment to accumulated deficit with a corresponding increase in Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption to reflect accretion to remeasure the Public Shares subject to redemption amount.

(3) To reflect the total redemption payment of approximately $12.1 million out of the Trust Account with
respect to 1,063,698 Coliseum Public Shares prior to Closing in connection with the Extension Meeting and the Business Combination Meeting
in December 2024 as discussed in the section titled Introduction above. After redemptions, there was a total of 723,414
Public Shares and an aggregate of approximately $8.25 million remaining in Trust Account.

(4) Reflects the liquidation and reclassification of cash and investments held in the Trust Account that became
available for general corporate use following the Business Combination.

(5) Reflects the transfer of the remaining 723,414 Coliseum Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible
redemptions to permanent equity, which was then converted into Holdco Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis.

(6) Reflects the conversion of 3,750,000 Founder Shares into Holdco Class A Common Stock upon Closing
on a one-for-one basis.

(7) Reflects conversion of 1,232 shares of RET Preferred Stock and 250 shares of RET Class A Common Stock
into 2,125,539 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock and 40 shares of RET Class B Common Stock into 57,752 shares of Holdco Class B
Common Stock based on an Exchange Ratio of approximately 1,434.

(8) Represents cash transaction costs incurred of approximately $6.7 million for Coliseum and approximately
$1.3 million for RET, totaling $8.0 million. Of the $8.0 million total transaction costs, (1) approximately $2.3 million
and approximately $608,000 of transaction costs was accrued as of the date of the unaudited pro forma combined balance sheets for
Coliseum and RET, respectively, totaling approximately $2.9 million and already included in the historical statement of operations of
Coliseum and RET, and (2) approximately $4.4 million and approximately $658,000 of transaction costs was not yet incurred for Coliseum
and RET, respectively, totaling approximately $5.1 million, that was classified as an adjustment to accumulated deficit and a corresponding
increase to accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined financial statements. The actual transaction
costs are further illustrated below. Of the total $8.0 million of transaction costs, Holdco paid an aggregate of approximately $4.8 million,
which was reflect as a reduction in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined financial statements
and a corresponding decrease in cash.

Transaction Expenses Summary Table Coliseum RET 

Not yet incurred Already incurred Paid at Closing Unpaid Not yet incurred Already incurred Paid at Closing Unpaid 

Legal advisory fees related to business combination $ 1,011,200 $ 2,147,886 $ (2,459,086 ) $ 700,000 $ 227,595 $ 587,621 $ (500,000 ) $ 315,216 

Financial advisory fees related to business combination $ 324,953 $ - $ - $ 324,953 $ - $ - $ - $ - 

Audit, accounting fees related to business combination $ 3,000 $ - $ (3,000 ) $ - $ 44,200 $ 20,800 $ (65,000 ) $ - 

Directors and officers insurance $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 386,000 $ - $ - $ 386,000 

Consulting, marketing fees related to business combination (*) $ 2,604,230 $ 85,997 $ (1,790,227 ) $ 900,000 $ - $ - $ - $ - 

NYSE, SEC, printer and other regulatory fees $ 509,512 $ 34,052 $ (6,617 ) $ 536,947 $ - $ - $ - $ - 

Total $ 4,452,895 $ 2,267,935 $ (4,258,930 ) $ 2,461,900 $ 657,795 $ 608,421 $ (565,000 ) $ 701,216 

(*) Includes reimbursement of $500,000 to Harry You for
out-of-pocket expenses incurred related to identifying, negotiating, investigating and completing the Business Combination and cash payment
of the Deferred Consulting Fee to Meteora of approximately $1.1 million, based on the $11.41 Redemption Price as of the Closing
Date (see footnote 14b below).

10

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

(9) Reflects the cash receipt of $450,000 related to the outstanding balance in connection with the issuance
of RET Class A Common Stock at a price of $2,955.78 per share and RET Class B Common Stock at a price of $3,103.57 per share
in August 2024, with a corresponding offset in subscription receivable in stockholders equity (deficit) at Closing.

(10) To reflects proceeds of $700,000 from the issuance of 61,474 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock with
certain investors under PIPE subscription agreements (collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements) received at Closing.
In addition, Holdco executed PIPE Subscription Agreements with Paul Dacier and Harry You for issuance of 43,910 and 13,173 shares of Holdco
Class A Common Stock, respectively, for an aggregate amount of $650,000, which amount will be remitted to Holdco after Closing, and a
receivable has been recorded in other receivables as of September 30, 2024 in the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial statements. The aggregate amount of the PIPE Subscription Agreements was $1.35 million for 118,557 shares of Holdco Class A
Common Stock.

(11) At Closing, Holdco issued 5,000 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock to a third-party consulting firm
in connection with the Business Combination. Holdco estimated that the fair value of such shares was approximately $57,000, based on the
Redemption Price of approximately $11.41 at Closing.

(12) Reflects the fair value remeasurement of $64,500 of the liability-classified Coliseum Private Placement
Warrants upon settlement as of Closing Date, with a corresponding offset to accumulated deficit. See footnote 13 below for discussion
of Coliseum Private Placement Warrant settlement.

(13) Reflects conversion of Private Placement Warrants liability into equity. An aggregate of 3,225,000 Private
Placement Warrants were converted into 806,250 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock at Closing. The adjustment consists of a decrease
to warrant liability for the fair value of the warrants on the Closing Date of $227,750, an increase to Class A Common Stock at $0.0001
par value and a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital.

(14) Reflects change in fair value of non-redemption agreement liabilities and deferred consulting fees liability
with a respective increase in accumulated deficit, as described below,

a. Prior to Closing, the shareholders who agreed to not redeemed their Public Shares in connection with Coliseums
extension in November 2023 (Extension Non-Redemption Shareholders) received an aggregate of 606,972 Coliseum Class A
Ordinary Shares and the New Sponsor and Previous Sponsor in turn forfeited and surrendered the same number of Coliseum Class A Ordinary
Shares to Coliseum for no consideration. As of Closing Date, the fair value of the non-redemption agreement liabilities was $0.

b. On November 22, 2023, in connection with the November 2023 extension, Coliseum engaged Meteora,
who also holds certain of the Public Shares, for consulting, advisory and related services. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, in exchange
for Meteora holding at least 100,000 Public Shares through Closing, Coliseum paid Meteora a Deferred Consulting Fee in cash equal to approximately
$1.1 million. As of Closing Date, the fair value of the deferred consulting fees liabilities was $0.

(15) On December 30, 2024, the Holdco entered into an agreement with RHY, pursuant to which RHY agreed to issue
an LOC to the Holdco for up to $7 million, in addition to the Rollover amount. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding amount that Coliseum
and RET owed to Mr. You and his affiliates are: (i) approximately $1.5 million and approximately $207,000 of advances to Coliseum and
RET, respectively, (ii) convertible note balance of $550,000 to Coliseum, which was later increased to $667,500 in connection with Coliseums
three extensions subsequent to September 30, 2024, and a note balance of approximately $216,000 to RET (which amount includes accrued
interest of approximately $16,000), and (iii) an outstanding balance of $150,000 in accrued administrative fees to Coliseum, for a total
of approximately $2.7 million as of September 30, 2024. Subsequent to September 30, 2024 and prior to Closing, Coliseum and RET received
additional advances from Mr. You, increasing the total Rollover amount to approximately $3.1 million. As the unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet gives effects to the merger transaction as if it had occurred on September 30, 2024, this adjustment does not reflect the
additional advances owed to Mr. You subsequent to September 30, 2024.The Rollover amounts were assigned to and assumed by Holdco and are
treated for all purposes as Loans outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The Rollover amount does not reduce the $7 million funding available
to the Company under the LOC. This adjustment reflects the reclassification of total debt owed to Mr. You and his affiliates into the
new Loan Agreement.

11

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(16) Reflects the elimination of Coliseums historical accumulated deficit and the transaction adjustments
related to Coliseum as a result from transactions noted in footnotes 1, 2, 8, 11, 12, and 14, totaling approximately $9.6 million
to additional paid-in capital.

(17) Reflects the full Prepayment to Meteora in connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement, waving full
redemption rights in connection with such shares. See Note (ii) above for full details.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments to Unaudited
Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations

The transaction accounting adjustments included
in the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows:

(c) Reflects an adjustment to eliminate
interest and other investment income related to the Trust Account.

(d) Reflects adjustments to eliminate
change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants liabilities, non-redemption agreement liabilities, and deferred consulting fees, as
these non-recurring items are settled upon Closing, and the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations gives effects to the
merger transaction as if it had occurred on January 1, 2023, the beginning of the earliest period presented. See footnotes 12, 13,
and 14 above for details.

(e) Reflects payment of annual salary
to the new Co-CEO, Mr. Seidl pursuant to the binding Offer Letter. The bonus payment of $5.0 million along with interest pursuant to the
terms of the agreement is considered as a contingent liability and will be recoded when it becomes probable. See section titled Introduction
above for details. Management determines that an analysis on the probability will need to be done in order to determine the appropriate
presentation for the Contingent Award. For the purpose of this statement, management chose to omit the presentation of the Contingent
Award.

(f) Reflects interest expenses in connection
with the Loan Agreement issued to RHY at an annual interest rate of 5%. See footnote 15 above for details.

The transaction accounting adjustments included
in the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 are as follows:

(a) Reflects the total transaction
costs that are expected to be incurred and recorded as an expense in relation to the Business Combination. See footnote 8 above for detailed
calculation.

(b) Reflects stock-based compensation
expense incurred in connection with the 5,000 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock issuance to a vendor at Closing for services. See
footnote 11 above for details.

(c) Upon Closing, the Trust Account
was liquidated. As the unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations gives effects to the merger transaction as if it had occurred
on January 1, 2023, the beginning of the earliest period presented, the recurring and nonrecurring impacts related to the interest
and other investment income related to the Trust Account, which were recorded in the historical financial statements, have been properly
reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 without any
further transaction accounting adjustments.

(d) Upon Closing, the liability-classified
Coliseum Private Placement Warrants, non-redemption agreement liabilities and deferred consulting fees liability were settled. As the
unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations gives effects to the merger transaction as if it had occurred on January 1,
2023, the beginning of the earliest period presented, the recurring and nonrecurring impacts related to the settlements of liability-classified
Coliseum Private Placement Warrants, non-redemption agreement liabilities and deferred consulting fees liability, which were recorded
in the historical financial statements, have been properly reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 without any further transaction accounting adjustments. See footnote 12, 13 and 14 above
for additional details.

12

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(e) Reflects payment of annual salary
to the new Co-CEO, Mr. Seidl. The bonus payment of $5.0 million along with interest pursuant to the terms of the agreement is considered
as a contingent liability and will be recoded when it becomes probable. See the section titled Introduction for details.
Management determines that an analysis on the probability will need to be done in order to determine the appropriate presentation for
the Contingent Award. For the purpose of this statement, management chose to omit the presentation of the Contingent Award.

(f) Reflects interest expenses in connection
with the Loan Agreement issued to RHY at an annual interest rate of 5%. See footnote 15 above for details.

3. Loss per Share

Represents the net loss per share calculated using
the historical weighted average Coliseum Ordinary Shares outstanding, and the issuance of additional shares in connection with the Business
Combination and other related events, assuming the shares were outstanding since January 1, 2023. As the Business Combination and
other related events are being reflected as if they had occurred at the beginning of the period presented, the calculation of weighted
average shares outstanding for basic and diluted net loss per share assumes that the shares issuable in connection with the Business Combination
have been outstanding for the entire period presented. No unexercised warrants and options and no conversion of Convertible Notes were
included in the earnings per share calculation as they would be anti-dilutive.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Pro forma net loss $ (6,164,365 )

Pro forma weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 7,224,654 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted $ (0.85 )

For the year ended December 31, 2023 

Pro forma net loss $ (2,754,138 )

Pro forma weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 7,224,654 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted $ (0.38 )

Pro Forma Weighted Average Shares 

Coliseum Public Shareholders, excluding Meteora Forward Purchase Shares (*) 361,556 

Holders of Coliseum Founder Shares 3,750,000 

Coliseum Private Placement Warrant Exchange 806,250 

Rainwaters Equityholders 2,183,291 

Holdco PIPE Investments (**) 118,557 

Holdco Issuance of Shares for Services 5,000 

Pro forma weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 7,224,654 

(*) Management is currently evaluating the full accounting impact
of the Forward Purchase Agreement with Meteora, which could potentially have an impact the computation. For the purpose of this statement,
management excluded the Forward Purchase Shares in the computation.

(**) Of these, the Company received $700,000 and issued 61,474
shares to the investors at Closing. The Company expects to receive an addition of $650,000 after Closing pursuant to the PIPE subscription
agreements with Harry You and Paul Dacier to sell 43,910 and 13,173 shares of Holdco Class A Common Stock, respectively.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>rain-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>rain-20241231_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>rain-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>rain-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 31, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-42460

Entity Registrant Name RAIN
ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002028293

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-3527155

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MA

Entity Address, Address Line One 1659
Chinaberry Ct.

Entity Address, City or Town Naples

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34105

City Area Code 508

Local Phone Number 361-6699

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol RAIN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable
for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol RAINW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RAIN_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RAIN_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rainwatertech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226850-8k_rainenhanc.htm 
rain-20241231.xsd 
rain-20241231_def.xml 
rain-20241231_lab.xml 
rain-20241231_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-001708-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ea0226850-8k_rainenhanc_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002028293 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

0002028293 

RAIN:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

0002028293 

RAIN:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0002028293 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
RAIN ENHANCEMENT TECHNOLOGIES HOLDCO, INC. 
MA 
001-42460 
99-3527155 
1659 Chinaberry Ct. 
Naples 
FL 
34105 
508 
361-6699 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
RAIN 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 
RAINW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>