<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-012362.txt : 20250212
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-012362.hdr.sgml : 20250212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211205420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-012362
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dominari Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000012239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				520849320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41845
		FILM NUMBER:		25611599

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		725 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 393-4540

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		725 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIkido Pharma Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aikido Pharma Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200317

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPHERIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010815
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230755-8k_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000001223900000122392025-02-102025-02-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 10, 2025

Dominari Holdings
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41845 52-0849320

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

725 5th Avenue, 22nd Floor

New York, NY10022

(212) 393-4540

(Address, including Zip Code and Telephone
Number, including

Area Code, of Principal Executive Offices)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value DOMH The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Registered Direct and Private Placement

On February 10, 2025, Dominari Holdings Inc.
(the Company or Dominari) entered into securities purchase agreements (the RD Purchase
Agreement) with certain accredited investors for the sale by the Company of 1,439,467 registered shares of its common stock
(Common Stock), unregistered Series A warrants (Series A Warrants) to purchase up to 1,439,467 shares of
common stock and unregistered Series B warrants (Series B Warrants, together with the Series A Warrants, the
Warrants) to purchase up to 1,439,467 shares of Common Stock at a combined purchase price of $3.47 per share and
accompanying Warrants in a direct offering. In a concurrent private placement, Dominari also entered into securities purchase
agreements (the PIPE Purchase Agreement, together with the RD Purchase Agreement, the Purchase
Agreements, and the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreements, the Offerings) with certain
accredited investors for the sale of 2,436,587 shares of Common Stock, Series A Warrants to purchase up to 2,436,587 shares of
Common Stock and Series B Warrants to purchase up to 2,436,587 shares of Common Stock at the same purchase price as in the RD
Purchase Agreement. The Series A Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance at an exercise price of $3.72 per share and will
expire five years from the date of issuance. The Series B Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance at an exercise price of
$4.22 per share and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The closing of the Offerings is expected to occur on
February 12, 2025.

Certain officers, directors, employees and members
of the Companys advisory board participated in the Offerings on the same terms as the other investors.

The gross proceeds to the Company from the Offerings
will be approximately $13.5 million, before deducting fees and other offering expenses, and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the cash
exercise of the Warrants. The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the Offerings for working capital and general corporate
purposes and the payment of a special cash dividend, as described below.

The shares of Common Stock to be issued
pursuant to the RD Purchase Agreement (but excluding the unregistered shares of Common Stock, the Warrants and the shares of Common
Stock underlying the Warrants issued in the private placement) are being offered by Dominari pursuant to a shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283804) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on December 13, 2024, and declared effective by the SEC on December 23, 2024. In connection with the registered
direct offering, the Company is filing a legal opinion and consent as Exhibit 5.1 and Exhibit 23.1 to this report, respectively,
which are incorporated by reference into the registration statement.

The unregistered shares of Common Stock and the
Warrants were offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)
and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of Common Stock underlying such Warrants, have not been registered
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the unregistered shares, the Warrants, and the shares of Common
Stock underlying the Warrants may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption
from such registration requirements. The Company has agreed to file one or more registration statements with the SEC covering the resale
of the unregistered shares of Common Stock and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

The representations, warranties and covenants
contained in the Purchase Agreements were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreements. In addition, such representations,
warranties and covenants (i) are intended as a way of allocating the risk between the parties to the Purchase Agreements and not
as statements of fact, and (ii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material
by stockholders of, or other investors in, the Company. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreements are included with this filing only to provide
investors with information regarding the terms of transactions, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding
the Company. Stockholders should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations
of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the
subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreements, which subsequent information
may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures.

1

The form of RD Purchase Agreement, the form of
PIPE Purchase Agreement, the form of Series A Warrant and form of Series B Warrant are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 4.1 and 4.2, respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summaries of the terms of these documents are subject to, and qualified in their
entirety by, such documents, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Advisors

On February 10, 2025,
the Company entered into certain advisory agreements (the Advisory Agreements) with five newly appointed members of its
advisory board for initial appointments of two years. The Company will initially issue an aggregate of 850,000 unregistered shares (the
Advisory Shares) to the newly appointed members with additional issuances of an aggregate of 850,000 shares upon certain
Company milestones being met.

The Advisory Shares were
offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the Advisory Shares may not be offered or sold in the United
States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. The Company has agreed to file
one or more registration statements with the SEC covering the resale of the unregistered shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
Advisory Agreements.

The form of Advisory Agreement is filed as Exhibits
10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms of the Advisory Agreements is subject to, and qualified
in their entirety by, such form, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 is
hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 10, 2025, the Compensation Committee
(the Committee) of the Companys board of directors granted a nonqualified stock option to purchase 5,000,000 shares
of the Companys Common Stock to each of Kyle Wool, the Companys President, and Anthony Hayes, the Companys Chief
Executive Officer (collectively, the Performance Awards). The Performance Awards were fully vested on the grant date, but
cannot be exercised unless both (A) the Companys stockholders approve the Performance Awards or an increase in the number of shares
available for grant under the Dominari Holdings Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) at the Companys next stockholder
meeting, such that the full number of shares underlying the Performance Awards may be delivered from the Plans share limit, and
(B) the Company files a Form S-8 with the SEC to register the shares subject to the Performance Awards. The Performance Awards have an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Companys stock on the grant date and expire on the tenth anniversary of the
grant date.

The Performance Awards are also subject to such
further terms and conditions as are set forth in the Form of Stock Option Agreement filed herewith as Exhibit 10.4.

The form of Stock Option Agreement is filed as
Exhibits 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms of the Stock Option Agreement is subject to,
and qualified in their entirety by, such form, which is incorporated herein by reference.

2

Item 7.01 Regulation FD

On February 11, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the signing of the Purchase Agreements. The full text of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

On February 11, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the appointment of the additional members to its advisory board. The full text of the press release is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information provided in this Item 7.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such information shall not
be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as otherwise expressly set
forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On February 11, 2025, the Company announced that
its board of directors declared a special cash dividend of $4 million in the aggregate to stockholders of record as of the close of business
on February 24, 2025.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The Company hereby files or furnishes, as applicable, the following
exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Series A Warrant.

4.2 Form of Series B Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

10.1 Form of RD Purchase Agreement.

10.2 Form of PIPE Purchase Agreement.

10.3 Form of Advisory Agreement.

10.4 Form of Stock Option Agreement.

23.1 Consent of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1* Press Release Announcing the Registered Direct and Private Placement.

99.2* Press Release Announcing Appointment of Advisory Board Members.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Furnished but not filed.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: February 12, 2025 DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Anthony Hayes

Name: Anthony Hayes

Title: Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex4-1_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES A WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SERIES
A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Dominari
holdings inc.

Warrant Shares: _______ Initial Exercise Date: February 12, 2025

THIS
SERIES A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the fifth anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from Dominari Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares
(as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 10, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $3.72, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise
is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated
under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the
Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours,
or with two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

2

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best
Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and
if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in
the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading
Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon
delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the
Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within one (1) Trading Day following
delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

4

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

5

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to
any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

7

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares
for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater
than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a
result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

8

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

9

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent,
together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required,
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

10

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

11

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

12

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

dominari holdings inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: Dominari
holdings inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Phone Number: ______________________________________

Email Address: ______________________________________

Dated: _______________
__, ______ 

Holders Signature:_________________________ 

Holders Address:___________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex4-2_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES B WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SERIES
B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Dominari
holdings inc.

Warrant Shares:
_______ Initial Exercise
Date: February 12, 2025

THIS
SERIES B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the fifth anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from Dominari Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares
(as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 10, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $4.22, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise
is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated
under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the
Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours,
or with two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

2

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best
Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and
if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in
the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading
Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon
delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the
Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within one (1) Trading Day following
delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

4

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

5

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to
any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

7

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares
for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater
than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a
result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

8

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

9

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of
Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights)
are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent,
together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required,
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

10

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

11

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

12

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

dominari holdings inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: Dominari
holdings inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Phone Number: ______________________________________

Email Address: ______________________________________

Dated: _______________
__, ______ 

Holders Signature:____________________________ 

Holders Address:_____________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex5-1_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF ELLENOFF GROSSMAN & SCHOLE LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 11th FLOOR

NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10017

TELEPHONE: (212) 370-1300

FACSIMILE: (212) 370-7889

www.egsllp.com

February 12, 2025

Dominari Holdings Inc.

725 5th Avenue, 22nd Floor

New York, New York 10022

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283804)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as securities counsel to Dominari
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the above-referenced registration statement
(the Registration Statement) filed December 13, 2024 and declared effective on December 23, 2024, the base prospectus
dated December 23, 2024 (the Base Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement dated February 10, 2025 (the Prospectus
Supplement and the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus), relating to the offering
by the Company of up to 1,439,467 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (Common Stock).

For purposes of this opinion,
we have examined such documents and reviewed such questions of law as we have considered necessary and appropriate for the purposes of
our opinion set forth below. In rendering our opinion, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals,
the genuineness of all signatures and the conformity to authentic originals of all documents submitted to us as copies. We have also assumed
the legal capacity for all purposes relevant hereto of all natural persons and, with respect to all parties to agreements or instruments
relevant hereto, that such parties had the requisite power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to execute, deliver and perform such
agreements or instruments, that such agreements or instruments have been duly authorized by all requisite action (corporate or otherwise),
executed and delivered by such parties and that such agreements or instruments are the valid, binding and enforceable obligations of such
parties. As to questions of fact material to our opinions, we have relied upon certificates of officers of the Company and of public officials.

Based upon and subject to
the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for as described in the Prospectus,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The opinions expressed herein
are limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), as currently in effect, and reported
judicial decisions interpreting such provisions of the DGCL), and no opinion is expressed with respect to any other laws or any effect
that such other laws may have on the opinions expressed herein.

We consent to the filing of
this opinion with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2025, which is incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. We also consent to the reference of our
firm under the caption Experts in the Prospectus and in each case in any amendment or supplement thereto. In giving this
consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 and Section 11 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, nor do we admit that we are experts
with respect to any part of the Prospectus within the meaning of the term expert as used in the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the related rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex10-1_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RD PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of February 10, 2025, between Dominari Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined
below) as to the Shares and (ii) an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section
4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D thereunder as to the Warrants, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations
at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $3.47, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

2

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission
and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement filed with the Commission (File No. 333-283804) which registers the sale
of the Shares to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series
A Warrants means, collectively, the Series A Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Series A Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to
five years, in the form of Exhibit A-1 attached hereto.

Series
B Warrants means, collectively, the Series B Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Series B Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to
five years, in the form of Exhibit A-2 attached hereto.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

3

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in
United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $5 million of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company,
via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on
the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Warrants,
as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable
at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely
by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation.

4

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository
Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per
Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iii) a
Series A Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Shares, with an exercise price equal to $3.72, subject to adjustment therein;

(iv) a
Series B Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Shares, with an exercise price equal to $4.22, subject to adjustment therein; and

(v) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account of the Company.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the
Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all
respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

5

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations and
warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any
Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

6

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and
authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is
in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the
case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or
enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects
or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on
the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any
of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such
jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate
or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of
the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or
similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit
facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or
(iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject
(including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is
bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s)
to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading
thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be
made under applicable state securities laws Approval and (v) the filing of the registration statement pursuant to Section 4.13 (collectively,
the Required Approvals).

7

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and
filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on December
23, 2024 (the Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may
have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order
preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has
been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are
threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus
Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became
effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed
and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form
S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities
being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction
I.B.6 of Form S-3.

(g) Capitalization.
The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees
pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
There are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or
capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of
Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or
other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the
Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

8

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and
none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the
Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had
or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or
disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not
declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any
agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any
officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the
Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this
Agreement or as set forth in the SEC Reports, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or
exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1
Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

9

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability
of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been
waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the
Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan
or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court,
arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental
protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

11

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and
similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and
which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property
Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of,
the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the
latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that
the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be
expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are
enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual
properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing
for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is
an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

12

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the
Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are
executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers
have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the
period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the
certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the
Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or
on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares by the Company to the Purchasers as
contemplated hereby.

(v) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration
Rights. Other than the Purchasers, the PIPE Purchasers and certain advisors of the Company, no Person has any right to cause the
Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any
Subsidiary.

13

(x) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company
confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel
with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing
representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the
Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated
hereby is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The
Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

14

(aa) No Integrated
Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company,
nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security
or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with
prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of the Warrants or Warrant
Shares under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities
of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company for
which the Company has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for
borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $500,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business),
(y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or
should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease
payments in excess of $500,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(cc) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local
income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is
subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to
be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment
of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company
or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

15

(dd) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that, other than Purchasers that are officers or directors of the Company, no Purchaser is acting as
a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities.
The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.10 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction.

16

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(hh) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(ii) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are
presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster
recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

17

(jj) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were, in
compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without
limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively,
Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate
steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the
collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies);
(iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and
representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the
Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the
Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means
(i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank
information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying
information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and
(iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the
collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None
of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any
Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any
Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received
written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by
the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part,
any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law;
or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(kk) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ll) U.S. Real Property Holding
Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(mm) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or
indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of
the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

18

(nn) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(oo) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Warrant or
Warrant Shares by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Warrants and Warrant Shares for
sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(pp) No Disqualification
Events. With respect to the Warrants and Warrant Shares to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company
participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered
Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the
Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3).
The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company
has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy
of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(qq) Other
Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly
or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(rr) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating
to any Issuer Covered Person.

(ss) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is Marcum LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a
registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial
statements to be included in the Companys next Annual Report.

19

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Own
Account. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or
understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
Such Purchaser understands that the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are restricted securities and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own
account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act
or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute
or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act.

20

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor
has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a
term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case
of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such
Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio
managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by
this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without
limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has
maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms
of this transaction).

21

(h) Financing
Acknowledgement. Each Purchaser acknowledges that, on or about the date hereof, the Company may sell up to $8.5 million of unregistered
securities to purchasers (the PIPE Purchasers) not party to this Agreement in a private placement offering.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The
Shares will be issued free of legends. The Warrants and Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities
laws. In connection with any transfer of Warrants or Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule
144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may
require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer
does not require registration of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall
agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Warrants or Warrant Shares in
the following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED
OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM,
OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER
LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

22

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Warrants or Warrant Shares to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged
or secured Warrants or Warrant Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of
the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith.
Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver
such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Warrants or Warrant Shares may reasonably request in connection with a
pledge or transfer of the Warrants or Warrant Shares.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Warrant Shares pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), (iii) if such Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming
cashless exercise of the Warrants) and applicable Purchaser provides customary representations and undertakings reasonably requested by
Company Counsel or (iii) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company agrees that following the occurrence of the foregoing, it will,
no later than one (1) Trading Day following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing
Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver
or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends.
The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
set forth in this Section 4. Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser
by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until such time as no Purchaser owns any Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common
Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the
applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the
Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

23

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require
the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Warrants or Warrant Shares or that would be integrated with the offer
or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder
approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such
subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure. The Company shall issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and
file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required
by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly
disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without
limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate
and be no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other
press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press
release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any
Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably
be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other
party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose
the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading
Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing
of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations,
in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably
cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

24

4.6 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes.

4.7 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities,
obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates,
by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the
Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable
to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i)
the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period
of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company
shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to
any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations and warranties of such Purchaser Party
in this Agreement. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the
course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall
be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company
may be subject to pursuant to law.

25

4.8 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue
Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.9 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares
and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market.

4.10 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales of any of the Companys
securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial public disclosure as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms
of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives).

4.11 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Warrants or Warrant Shares as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Warrants or Warrant Shares for, sale to the Purchasers at
the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence
of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.12 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.13 Registration
Statement. As soon as practicable after the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2024 (10-K Filing Date), and in any event within 30 days following the 10-K Filing Date, the Company shall file a
registration statement on Form S-1 providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective
thereafter and in any event within 60 days of the 10-K Filing Date.

26

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed,
in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the
initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by
the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver
disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or at least 50.1% in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect
to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of
any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

27

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party
hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or
Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is
improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under
Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or
Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

28

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise
of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice
concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

29

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the
date first indicated above.

Dominari Holdings Inc.

Address for Notice:

725 Fifth Avenue, 22nd Floor

New York, New York 10022

Attn: Anthony Hayes

Email: ahayes@dominari.com

By: 

Anthony Hayes, Chairman and CEO 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Robert Charron

e-mail: rcharron@egsllp.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

31

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO DOMH
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
__________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Series A Warrants: ______________

Series B Warrants: ______________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex10-2_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PIPE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of February 10, 2025, between Dominari Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below), and Rule 506 promulgated
thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase
from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of
Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations
at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any
time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $3.47, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

2

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series A
Warrants means, collectively, the Series A Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Series A Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to
five years, in the form of Exhibit A-1 attached hereto.

Series B
Warrants means, collectively, the Series B Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Series B Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to
five years, in the form of Exhibit A-2 attached hereto.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in
United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

3

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $8.5 million of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company,
via wire transfer or a certified check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on
the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Warrant,
as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable
at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely
by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
copy of the instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver a certificate evidencing a number of Shares equal
to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser or, at
the election of such Company, evidence of the issuance of such Purchasers Shares hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form by the
Transfer Agent and registered in the name of such Purchaser, which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser;

(iii) a
Series A Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Shares, with an exercise price equal to $3.72, subject to adjustment therein; and

4

(iv) a
Series B Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Shares, with an exercise price equal to $4.22, subject to adjustment therein.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account of the Company.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the
Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all
respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

5

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations and
warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any
Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

6

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 and 4.13 of this Agreement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and
sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and
(iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively,
the Required Approvals).

7

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than
restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the
Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants.

(g) Capitalization.
The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees
pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
There are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or
capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of
Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or
other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the
Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

8

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC
Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise)
other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission,
(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of
cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in the SEC Reports, no event, liability, fact, circumstance,
occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

9

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability
of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

11

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and
value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing
for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is
an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

12

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the
Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a
system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules
and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date,
the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the
conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as
of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or
on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.
The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

13

(v) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration
Rights. Other than the Purchasers, the RD Purchasers and certain advisors of the Company, no Person has any right to cause the Company
or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers
will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or
on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions
contemplated hereby is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

14

(aa) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any
offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of
the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the
registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading
Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year from the Closing Date. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities
for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $500,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business),
(y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or
should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease
payments in excess of $500,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

15

(cc) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(dd) No General
Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any
form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain
other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that, other than Purchasers that are officers or directors of the Company, no Purchaser is acting as
a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities.
The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

16

(gg) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.10 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction.

(hh) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(ii) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Cybersecurity. 
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are
presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster
recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

17

(kk) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were, in compliance
with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the European
Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws);
(ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis
of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable
Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable
Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter,
and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal
Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security
number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying
information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any
other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis
of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made
or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws;
(ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with
any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(ll) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation.
The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

18

(nn) Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp) No Disqualification
Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none
of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating
in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated
on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company
in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons)
is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a
Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has
exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied,
to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures
provided thereunder.

(qq) Other Covered
Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or
indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(rr) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating
to any Issuer Covered Person.

19

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Own
Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution
of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting
such Purchasers right to sell the Securities otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser
is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

20

(e) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written
or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement
or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

(h) Financing
Acknowledgement. Each Purchaser acknowledges that, on or about the date hereof, the Company may sell up to $5 million of registered
and unregistered securities to purchasers (the RD Purchasers) not party to this Agreement in a registered direct
offering.

21

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of
counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities
Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have
the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following
form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured
Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal
opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall
be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation
as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities.

22

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while
a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares
or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), (iii) if such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible
for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) and applicable Purchaser provides customary representations and undertakings
reasonably requested by Company Counsel or (iii) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company agrees that following the occurrence of
the foregoing, it will, no later than one (1) Trading Day following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of
a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend
Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from
all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that
enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall
be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser.

(d) Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant
to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption
therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution
set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth
in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) six months from the Closing Date, the
Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act.

23

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes
of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other
transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure. The Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with
the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act.

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes.

4.7 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities,
obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates,
by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the
Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable
to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i)
the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period
of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company
shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to
any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations and warranties of such Purchaser Party
in this Agreement. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the
course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall
be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company
may be subject to pursuant to law.

24

4.8 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all
times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.9 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares
and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market.

4.10 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales of any of the Companys
securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial public disclosure as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms
of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives).

4.11 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and
to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser.

4.12 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

25

4.13 Registration
Statement. As soon as practicable after the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2024, the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-1 providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and Warrant
Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration
statement to become effective thereafter.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

26

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the initial
Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against
whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and
adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 50.1% in
interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser
and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

27

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise
of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice
concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

28

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

29

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

Dominari Holdings Inc.

Address for Notice:

725 Fifth Avenue, 22nd Floor

New York, New York 10022

Attn: Anthony Hayes

Email: ahayes@dominari.com

By: 

Anthony Hayes, Chairman and CEO 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Robert Charron

e-mail: rcharron@egsllp.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

31

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO DOMH
PIPE SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
__________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Series A Warrants: ______________

Series B Warrants: ______________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex10-3_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF ADVISORY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

ADVISORY
BOARD AGREEMENT

This
Advisory Agreement (the Agreement) is made as of February [ ], 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between Dominari
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and [ ] (the Advisor).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to obtain the services of Advisor to serve on the Companys Board of Advisors, and the Advisor desires to serve
on the Board of Advisors, upon the following terms and conditions;

WHEREAS,
the Company is engaged in the business of, inter alia, wealth management, investment banking, sales and trading, asset management,
and other related business (collectively, the Field);

WHEREAS,
Advisor has considerable business and industry experience and special expertise that is related to, or otherwise could assist the Company
in the Field and the Company seeks to benefit from Advisors experience and expertise by retaining him as an advisor to the Company;
and

WHEREAS,
Advisor wishes to provide certain advisory services to the Company.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
legal sufficiency of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Advisory Services.

(a)
Advisor is hereby engaged by the Company on a non-exclusive basis to advise the Company with respect to matters related to the Field
and/or other business-related matters, including its efforts to seek out, evaluate, acquire, develop, and/or market in the Field. Services
shall be provided at such times as are mutually agreed, with due regard for the Advisors other commitments.

(b)
Advisors services to the Company also include serving on the Companys Advisory Board, advising the Company regarding other
candidates who would be suitable members of the Advisory Board and meeting with potential candidates for the Advisory Board.

(c)
Members of the Advisory Board will receive copies (hard or digitally) of opportunities, proposals, and plans and will dedicate time during
the week to evaluate same. The Advisor accepts and agrees that the Company may require a certain level of familiarity with the Field
or other business-related matters.

2.
Compensation.

(a)
As consideration for the advisory services to be provided by Advisor to the Company under this Agreement, Advisor shall be awarded [ ] unregistered shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Advisor Shares) on the date of
this Agreement.

(b)
On the date the Companys Market Capitalization reaches $50,000,000, Advisor shall be awarded an additional [ ] Advisor Shares.

(c)
On the date the Companys Market Capitalization reaches $100,000,000, Advisor shall be awarded an additional [ ] Advisor Shares.

(d)
On the date the Companys Market Capitalization reaches $150,000,000, Advisor shall be awarded an additional [ ] Advisor Shares.

(e)
For purposes of this Section 2, Market Capitalization shall be determined by multiplying the average closing price of the
Companys common stock for the previous five trading days, as reported by Bloomberg, by the number of shares of Company common
stock outstanding.

3.
Confidentiality.

(a)
Advisor may disclose to the Company any information that Advisor normally would disclose freely to other members of the community at
large, whether by publication, by presentation, or in informal discussions. However, Advisor shall not disclose to the Company information
that is proprietary to others and is not generally available to the public or specifically is covered by a nondisclosure agreement with
another party.

(b)
Advisor recognizes and acknowledges that by reason of Advisors retention by and service to the Company before, during and, if
applicable, after the term, Advisor will have access to certain confidential and proprietary information relating to the Companys
business, which may include, but is not limited to, trade secrets, trade know-how, product development techniques and plans,
formulas, customer lists and addresses, financing services, funding programs, cost and pricing information, marketing and sales techniques,
strategy and programs, computer programs and software and financial information (collectively referred to as Proprietary Information).
Advisor acknowledges that such Proprietary Information is a valuable and unique asset of the Company and Advisor covenants that he will
not, unless expressly authorized in writing by the Company, at any time during the term use any Proprietary Information or divulge or
disclose any Proprietary Information to any person, firm or corporation, other than Advisors attorneys, agents or other business
advisors, except in connection with the performance of Advisors duties for the Company and in a manner consistent with the Companys
policies regarding Proprietary Information. Advisor also covenants that at any time after the termination of this Agreement, directly
or indirectly, he will not use any Proprietary Information or divulge or disclose any Proprietary Information to any person, firm or
corporation, unless such information is in the public domain through no fault of Advisor or except when required to do so by a court
of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of the Company or by any administrative or legislative
body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order Advisor to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information
and Advisor having been so ordered.

(c)
Proprietary Information subject to paragraph 3(b) does not include information that: (i) is or later becomes available to the public
through no breach of this Agreement by Advisor (ii) is at any time obtained by Advisor from a third party who had the legal right
to disclose the information to Advisor (iii) is already in the possession of Advisor on the date this Agreement becomes effective
or (iv) is independently developed by Advisor and disclosed to the Company; or (v) is required to be disclosed by law, government regulation,
or court order. In addition, Proprietary Information subject to paragraph 3(b) does not include information generated by Advisor, alone
or with others, unless the information is generated solely as a direct result of the performance of advisory services under this Agreement;
provided, however, that in no case will Proprietary Information include information or materials generated by Advisor separate from the
performance of the advisory services which are incorporated in the services provided by Advisor hereunder.

2

(d)
Prior to the oral public disclosure and/or submission to any outside person of a manuscript or other paper describing or relating to
the Companys products or Field, or otherwise involving the Company, Advisor will disclose and send to the Company a copy of the
manuscript or other paper to be submitted and shall allow the Company at least (30) days to determine whether such disclosure or manuscript
or paper contains subject matter for which patent protection should be sought prior to publication. If the oral presentation or manuscript
or paper contains material that consists of patentable subject matter for which patent protection should be sought, then Advisor will
withhold the proposed public disclosure for a maximum of three (3) months from the date of receipt of such notice from the Company in
order to permit the Company to file patent applications directed to the patentable subject matter contained in the proposed disclosure.
After the filing of a patent application by the Company, Advisor will be free to submit the manuscript and/or make public the disclosures.
Notwithstanding this Section 3(d), the Company shall not file any patent application or assert any claim, and nothing shall be deemed
to create any license, in or with respect to any ideas, information or materials developed, invented or created by Advisor separate from
the performance of the advisory services and contributed to or incorporated in the advisory services.

4.
Return of Materials.

All
written Proprietary Information (including, without limitation, in any computer or other electronic format), which comes into Advisors
possession during the term, shall remain the property of the Company. Except as required in the performance of Advisors duties
for the Company, or unless expressly authorized in writing by the Company, Advisor shall not remove any written Proprietary Information
from the Companys premises, except in connection with the performance of Advisors duties for the Company and in a manner
consistent with the Companys policies regarding Proprietary Information. Upon termination of this Agreement, the Advisor agrees
to return immediately to the Company all written Proprietary Information in Advisors possession except that Proprietary Information
in any computer or other electronic format may be retained by Advisor in accordance with sound backup, retention and security policies
but will continue to be kept confidential.

5.
Compliance with Law.

Advisor
will comply with all laws, rules and regulations related to his activities on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

6.
Competition.

(a)
If any provision of this Agreement or the services to be provided by Advisor hereunder at any
time are in conflict with the provisions of agreements Advisor has entered into with other employers, or there otherwise develops a conflict
of interest regarding the services to be performed hereunder by Advisor, Advisor shall disclose the conflict to the Company (without
violating any nondisclosure provisions of such agreements). It is agreed by the Company that Advisor is not to perform any services hereunder
that are in conflict with the provisions of agreements he has entered into with Advisor other employers, otherwise constitute a conflict
of interest on his part, or in any manner would give his employer or others property rights or any other rights to the product of his
services hereunder.

7.
Term and Termination.

(a)
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years from the date of
this Agreement, which term shall automatically renew for additional one-year terms thereafter until such time that all Advisor Shares
have been issued pursuant to Section 2 hereunder. Without limiting any rights which either party to this Agreement may have by reason
of any default by the other party, the Advisor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, upon
five (5) days prior written notice to the Company and the Company may only terminate this Agreement, without the prior written consent
of the Advisor, in the event of gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Advisor.

3

(b)
Termination of this Agreement, including but not limited to pursuant to paragraph 10(f) below,
shall not affect (i) the Companys obligation to defend and indemnify Advisor under paragraph 9 below, or (ii) Advisors
continuing obligations to the Company under paragraphs 3 and 4 above.

8.
Registration Statement.

The
Company shall file a registration statement as soon as practicable (and in any event within five business days of the Companys
filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024) registering the Advisor Shares providing for the resale
by the Advisor of the Advisory Shares and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective
thereafter.

9.
Indemnification.

Company
will indemnify and defend Advisor against any liability incurred in the performance of the services to the fullest extent as allowed
under law and the Companys governing documents. Advisor shall be entitled to the protection of any insurance policies the Company
maintains for the benefit of the Company against all costs, charges and expenses in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to
which he may be made a party by reason of his affiliation with Company, its subsidiaries, or affiliates. It is understood and acknowledged
that indemnification does not cover fraud, intentional misconduct, knowing violations of law, material breaches of confidentiality, or
non-compete promises.

10.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective heirs, executors, successors, representatives, and assigns
of the parties, as the case may be, provided however, the obligations hereunder of each party to the other are personal and may not be
assigned without the express written consent of the other party.

(b)
The relationship created by this Agreement shall be that of independent contractor, and Advisor shall have no authority to bind or act
as agent for the Company or its employees for any purpose.

(c)
The Company shall not use Advisors name without their express written permission, and upon Advisor consent, may cite its relationship
with the Company as its advisor, as long as any such usage is limited to reporting actual events or occurrences only.

4

(d)
Notice given by one party to the other hereunder shall be in writing and deemed to have been properly given upon personal delivery three
(3) business days after deposited with the United States Postal Service, registered or certified mail, e-mail, or upon delivery if sent
by overnight mail, or nationally recognized courier, addressed as follows:

Dominari
Holdings Inc.

725
Fifth Avenue, 22nd Floor

New
York, NY 10022

Attention:
Anthony Hayes, Chief Executive Officer

Email:
ahayes@dominari.com

___________________

___________________

___________________

With
a courtesy copy to:

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New
York, NY 10105

Attention:
Robert F. Charron, Esq

Email:
rcharron@egsllp.com

(e)
This Agreement supersedes all previous agreements, promises, and discussions relating to the subject matter hereof and constitutes the
entire agreement between the Company and Advisor with respect to the subject matters of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified
in any respect by any verbal statement, representation, or agreement made by any employee, officer, or other representative of the Company,
or by any written documents unless it is signed by an officer of the Company and by Advisor.

(f)
If any provision of this Agreement is adjudicated to be invalid, unenforceable, contrary to, or prohibited under applicable laws or regulations
of any jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed, and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.

(g)
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to choice of law principles thereof. The
parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court
having jurisdiction in this matter.

(h)
In the event of any dispute, claim or controversy between or among the parties to this Agreement arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or any breach thereof, including, without limitation, any claim that this Agreement or any of its parts is invalid, illegal or otherwise
voidable or void, whether such dispute, claim or controversy sounds in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, and whether such dispute,
claim or controversy relates to the meaning, interpretation, effect, validity, performance or enforcement of the Agreement, such dispute,
claim or controversy shall be settled by and through an arbitration proceeding to be administered by the American Arbitration Association
(or any like organization successor thereto) in or near New York, New York in accordance with the American Arbitration Associations
Commercial Arbitration Rules. Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby agrees and consents to such venue and waives any objection
thereto. The arbitrability of any such dispute, claim or controversy shall likewise be determined in such arbitration. Such arbitration
proceeding shall be conducted in as expedited a manner as is then permitted by the commercial arbitration rules (formal or informal)
of the American Arbitration Association. Both the foregoing agreement of the parties to this Agreement to arbitrate any and all such
disputes, claims and controversies and the results, determinations, findings, judgments and/or awards rendered through any such arbitration
shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be specifically enforced by legal proceedings. Notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement relating to which state laws govern this Agreement, all issues relating to arbitrability or the enforcement of the
agreement to arbitrate contained herein shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 et seq.) and the federal
common law of arbitration.

(i)
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, it being understood that
both parties need not sign the same counterpart.

[Signature
page follows]

5

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date.

DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: Anthony Hayes 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ADVISOR 

By: 

Name: 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex10-4_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

AIKIDO
PHARMA, INC. 2022 equity INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT 

I. NOTICE OF OPTION GRANT

Grantee Name: __________________________________

Address: ________________________________________

Dominari Holdings, Inc. f/k/a
Aikido Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) hereby grants the undersigned Grantee
(the Grantee) a stock option (the Option) to purchase shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), subject to the terms and conditions of the Aikido
Pharma, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and this Stock Option Grant Agreement (the Grant
Agreement), as follows:

Grant Date: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Exercise Price per Share: $ 

Total Number of Shares Granted: 

Total Exercise Price: US$ 

Type of Option: Incentive
Stock Option 

Nonqualified Stock Option 

Term/Expiration Date: 

Vesting Schedule: 

Exercise Period: No
portion of this Option may be exercised prior to the occurrence of both (A) the Companys shareholders approve this Option or an
increase in the number of Shares available for grant under the Plan by at least ten million Shares at the next meeting of the Companys
stockholders, such that the Shares underlying this Option may be delivered from the Plan Share Limit immediately following such meeting,
and (B) the Company files a Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the Shares subject to this Option. For clarity,
both (A) and (B) of the foregoing must occur for the Shares subject to this Option to become exercisable. Once the Option first becomes
exercisable, then to the extent vested, this Option shall be exercisable for three (3) months after the Grantee ceases to be a Service
Provider, except this period shall be twelve (12) months if the Grantee ceases to be a Service Provider on account of Disability and this
Option shall remain exercisable until the Options Term/Expiration Date if the Grantee ceases to be a Service Provider on account
of the Grantees death. If the Grantee ceases to be a Service Provider, at any time before all of the Option has vested, the Grantees
unvested portion of the Option shall be automatically forfeited upon such cessation, and the Company shall not have any further obligations
to the Grantee with respect to the Option or portion thereof that has been so forfeited under this Grant Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above, and if a Grantees
status as a Service Provider is terminated for Cause, the Grantees Option (whether vested or unvested) shall terminate as of the
date of the misconduct.

II. GRANT
AGREEMENT

1.Grant of Option.

(a)Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee named in the Notice of Option Grant in Part I of this
Grant Agreement, an Option to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Option Grant, at the exercise price per Share set
forth in the Notice of Option Grant (the Exercise Price). In the event of a conflict between the terms and
conditions of the Plan and this Grant Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. Any capitalized terms not defined
herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

(b)If designated in the Notice of Option Grant as an Incentive Stock Option (ISO), this Option is intended
to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined in Code Section 422. Nevertheless, to the extent that it exceeds the
$100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d), this Option shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option (NSO). Further,
if for any reason this Option (or portion thereof) shall not qualify as an ISO, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option
(or portion thereof) shall be regarded as an NSO. In no event shall the Company or any affiliate or any of their respective employees
or directors have any liability to the Grantee (or any other person) due to the failure of the Option to qualify for any reason as an
ISO.

2.Exercise of Stock Option. This Option shall be exercisable during its term as follows:

(a)Right to Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable cumulatively according to the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice
of Option Grant, but the Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

(b)Method of Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A
(the Exercise Notice) or in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine, which
shall state the election to exercise the Option (to the extent then vested), the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is
being exercised (the Exercised Shares), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by
the Company. The Exercise Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares, together
with any applicable withholding taxes. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed
Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price, together with any applicable withholding taxes.

(c)Compliance. No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Option unless such issuance and such exercise comply
with Applicable Law. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes, the Shares shall be considered transferred to the Grantee on the
date on which the Option is exercised with respect to such Shares. The Shares shall be unregistered unless the Company voluntarily files
a registration statement covering such Shares with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

-2-

3.Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof,
at the election of the Grantee:

(a) cash;

(b) delivery of Shares that the Grantee has owned for at least six months (valued at Fair Market Value on
the date of exercise);

(c) by a broker-assisted cashless exercise in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrator, whereby
payment of the Exercise Price may be satisfied, in whole or in part, with Shares subject to the Option by delivery of an irrevocable direction
to a securities broker (on a form prescribed by the Administrator) to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the
Company in payment of the aggregate Exercise Price;

(d) for a NSO only and only if approved by the Administrator, as determined in its sole discretion, by delivery
of a notice of net exercise to the Company, pursuant to which the Grantee shall receive the number of Shares underlying
the Option so exercised reduced by the number of Shares equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Option divided by the Fair Market
Value on the date of exercise;

(e) if approved by the Administrator, such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares
to the extent permitted by Applicable Law; or

(f) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

4.Restrictions on Exercise. This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method
of payment of consideration for such Shares would constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

5.Nontransferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent
or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Grantee only by the Grantee. The terms of this Grant Agreement shall be
binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and assigns of the Grantee.

6.Term of Option. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Option Grant and may be exercised
during such term only in accordance with the terms of this Grant Agreement and the Plan.

-3-

7.Tax Obligations.

(a)Applicable Withholding Taxes. The Grantee agrees to make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or the affiliate employing
or retaining the Grantee) for the satisfaction of all applicable withholding taxes applicable to the Option exercise. The Grantee acknowledges
and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares if such applicable withholding taxes are
not delivered at the time of exercise.

(b)Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares. If the Option granted to the Grantee herein is an ISO, and if the Grantee
sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two (2) years after
the Grant Date, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, the Grantee shall immediately notify the Company in writing
of such disposition.

(c)Section 409A. The Option is intended to be exempt from Section 409A, and it shall be administered and interpreted in a manner
that is consistent with such intent.

8.Entire Agreement; Governing Law. This Grant Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Grantee with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified in a manner materially adverse to the Grantees interest except by means of
a writing signed by the Company and the Grantee. This Grant Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to any choice of law principles.

9.Notices. Any notice to be given under this Grant Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company
in care of the Companys Secretary at the Companys principal office or the Secretarys then-current email address.
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Grant Agreement to the Grantee must be in writing and addressed to the Grantee at the Grantees
last known mailing address or email address in the Companys personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 9, either
party may designate a different address for notices to be given to the party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received,
when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office, or when
delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company.

10.Compensation Recovery.

(a)The Grantee agrees that this Option and any Shares or other benefits or proceeds therefrom that the Grantee may receive hereunder
shall be subject to forfeiture and/or repayment to the Company pursuant to any recovery, recoupment, clawback or similar
policy of the Company, as may be amended from time to time, and with the provisions of any such Company policy deemed incorporated into
this Grant Agreement without the Grantees additional or separate consent.

(b)At any time during the three years following the date(s) on which this Option vests, the Company reserves the right to and, in
the appropriate cases, will seek restitution of all or part of any Shares that have been issued pursuant to this Grant Agreement if the
Grantee engaged in intentional misconduct that caused or partially caused the need for such a restatement, or the Grantee has been determined
to have committed a material violation of law or Company policy or to have failed to properly manage or monitor the conduct of a Service
Provider who has committed a material violation of law or Company policy whereby, in either case, such misconduct causes significant harm
to the Company.

-4-

(c)In
the event the number of Shares issued pursuant to this Option is determined to have been based on materially inaccurate financial
statements or other Company performance measures or on calculation errors (without any misconduct on the part of the Grantee) at any
time during the three years following the date(s) on which this Option vests, the Company reserves the right to and, in appropriate
cases, will seek restitution of the Shares received pursuant to this Grant to the extent that the number of Shares received exceeded
the number of Shares that would have been exercised and issued had the inaccuracy or error not occurred.

(d)For purposes of the foregoing, the Grantee expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions on the Grantees
behalf, to any brokerage firm and/or third-party administrator engaged by the Company to hold any Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant
to this Option to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares to the Company upon the Companys enforcement of its rights
under this Section 10. By accepting this Grant, the Grantee agrees and acknowledges the Grantee is obligated to cooperate with and provide
any and all assistance requested by the Company in its efforts to recover or recoup Shares or the proceeds received therefrom pursuant
to this Grant, which may include, but shall not be limited to, executing, completing and submitting any documentation necessary to facilitate
the Companys efforts to recover or recoup Shares or the proceeds received therefrom pursuant to this Grant. Additionally, by accepting
this Grant, the Grantee acknowledges and agrees that no recovery or recoupment action pursuant to this Section 10, any Company clawback
policy or otherwise will constitute an event that triggers or contributes to any right of the Grantee to resign for good reason
or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company.

(e)This Section 10 is not intended to limit the Companys power to take such action as it deems necessary to remedy any misconduct,
prevent its reoccurrence and, if appropriate, based on all relevant facts and circumstances, punish the wrongdoer in a manner it deems
appropriate.

11.Counterparts. This Grant Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Grant Agreement may be by actual or facsimile
signature.

12.No Guarantee of Continued Service. THE GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE OPTION PURSUANT TO THE VESTING
SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE AFFILIATE EMPLOYING OR RETAINING
GRANTEE) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION, OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. THE GRANTEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT THIS GRANT AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER, AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE
AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL
NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH THE GRANTEES RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE AFFILIATE EMPLOYING OR RETAINING GRANTEE)
TO TERMINATE GRANTEES RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.

The Grantee represents
that the Grantee is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and
provisions thereof. The Grantee has reviewed the Plan and this Option in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice
of counsel prior to executing this Grant Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Option. The Grantee hereby agrees to
accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under this
Option or this Grant Agreement. The Grantee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated
below.

Signature Page Follows

-5-

GRANTEE DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC.

Signature By

Print Name Print Name

Print Title

Residence Address 

-6-

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

Dominari Holdings Inc.

[Address]

Attention: Secretary

1.Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ________________, ____, the undersigned (the Grantee)
hereby elects to exercise the Grantees stock option (the Option) to purchase ________________ Shares
of common stock (the Shares) of Dominari Holdings Inc. (the Company) under and
pursuant to the Aikido Pharma 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the Stock Option Grant Agreement,
dated ______________, _____, by and between the Company and the Grantee (the Grant Agreement).

2.Delivery of Payment. The Grantee herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares, as set forth in
the Grant Agreement, and any and all withholding taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Option.

3.Rights as Shareholder. Until the issuance of the Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company
or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall
exist with respect to the Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares shall be issued to the
Grantee as soon as practicable after the Option is exercised in accordance with the Grant Agreement. No adjustment shall be made for a
dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance.

4.Tax Consultation. The Grantee understands that the Grantee may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of the Grantees
purchase or disposition of the Shares. The Grantee represents that the Grantee has consulted with any tax consultants the Grantee deems
advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that the Grantee is not relying on the Company for any tax
advice.

5.Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Exercise Notice shall be submitted by the Grantee or by
the Company forthwith to the Administrator, which shall review such dispute at its next regular meeting. The resolution of such a dispute
by the Administrator shall be final and binding on all parties.

6.Governing Law; Severability. This Exercise Notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws
of the State of Delaware, without reference to any choice of law principles. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Exercise Notice shall continue in full force and effect.

A-1

7.Entire Agreement. The Grant Agreement and Plan are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice and the Grant
Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all
prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Grantee with respect to the subject matter hereof.

Submitted by: Accepted by:

GRANTEE DOMINARI HOLDINGS INC.

Signature By

Print Name Print Name

Print Title

Address: 

Date Received

A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex99-1_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ANNOUNCING THE REGISTERED DIRECT AND PRIVATE PLACEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Dominari Holdings Inc.
Announces $13.5 Million Registered Direct and Private Placement Offerings Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules and 

Declares Special Cash
Dividend

NEW YORK CITY / ACCESSWIRE
/ February 11, 2025 / Dominari Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: DOMH) (the Company or Dominari) today announced
that it has entered into definitive securities purchase agreements with certain investors for 1,439,467 shares of its common stock, Series
A warrants (Series A Warrants) to purchase up to 1,439,467 shares of common stock and Series B warrants (Series B
Warrants, together with the Series A Warrants, the Warrants) to purchase up to 1,439,467 shares of common stock at
a combined purchase price of $3.47 per share and accompanying Warrants in a registered direct offering priced at-the-market under Nasdaq
rules. In a concurrent private placement, Dominari also agreed to issue and sell 2,436,587 shares of common stock, Series A Warrants to
purchase up to 2,436,587 shares of common stock and Series B Warrants to purchase up to 2,436,587 shares of common stock at the same purchase
price as in the registered direct offering. The Series A Warrants will be exercisable immediately upon issuance at an exercise price of
$3.72 per share and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Series B Warrants will be exercisable immediately upon issuance
at an exercise price of $4.22 per share and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The closing of the registered direct offering
and the private placement is expected to occur on or about February 11, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Additionally, the Company
announced today that its board of directors has declared a special cash dividend of $4 million in the aggregate to stockholders of record
as of the close of business on February 24, 2025.

The gross proceeds to
the Company are expected to be approximately $13.5 million, before deducting fees and other offering expenses, and includes participation
from certain of the Companys executive officers, directors and members of its advisory board. The Company currently intends to
use the net proceeds from the offerings for working capital and general corporate purposes and the payment of the above-referenced cash
dividend.

The shares of common
stock issued in the registered direct offering (but excluding the unregistered shares of common stock, the Warrants and the shares of
common stock underlying the Warrants issued in the private placement) are being offered by Dominari pursuant to a shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283804) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
on December 13, 2024, and declared effective by the SEC on December 23, 2024. Such securities may be offered only by means of a prospectus,
including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement. A final prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus relating to the registered direct offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

The unregistered shares
of common stock and the Warrants issued in the private placement were offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying
such Warrants, have not been registered under the Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the unregistered shares, the Warrants,
and the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants issued in the private placement may not be offered or sold in the United States
absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. The Company has agreed to file one or
more registration statements with the SEC covering the resale of the unregistered shares of common stock and the shares issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants issued in the private placement.

This press release shall
not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
such jurisdiction.

About Dominari Holdings
Inc.

The Company is a holding
company that, through its various subsidiaries, is currently engaged in wealth management, investment banking, sales and trading and asset
management. In addition to capital investment, Dominari provides management support to the executive teams of its subsidiaries,
helping them to operate efficiently and reduce cost under a streamlined infrastructure. In addition to organic growth, the Company
seeks opportunities outside of its current business to enhance stockholder value, including in the AI and Data Center sector.

Forward-Looking Statements:

Forward-looking statements in this release
are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can
generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes,
estimates, anticipates, expects, feels, seeks,
forecasts, projects, intends, plans, may, will,
should, could or would or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding our
intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our ability to consummate the closing of the offerings
when intended and the intended use of proceeds, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth,
strategies, capital expenditures, the Companys potential entry into the AI and data center sector, and the industries in
which we operate. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Although we base these forward-looking statements on assumptions
that we believe are reasonable when made in light of the information currently available to us, we caution you that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity,
and industry developments may differ materially from statements made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in
this release. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or alter statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. For additional factors that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements, please refer to our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q filed with the SEC.

Contacts:

Dominari Holdings Inc.

https://www.dominariholdings.com/

Investor Relations

Hayden IR

Brett Maas, Managing Partner

Phone: (646) 536-7331

Email: brett@haydenir.com

www.haydenir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea023075501ex99-2_dominari.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ANNOUNCING APPOINTMENT OF ADVISORY BOARD MEMBERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Donald
Trump Jr. and Eric Trump Join Dominari Holdings Inc.s Advisory Board 

Company
Sharpens Focus on Data Center and AI Investment Opportunities

NEW
YORK CITY / ACCESSWIRE / February 11, 2025 / Dominari Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: DOMH) (the Company)
today announces that Donald Trump Jr., a globally recognized business leader and best-selling author, and Eric Trump, a widely acclaimed
business development and operational executive, have joined the Companys Board of Advisors. Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump also participated
in the recently announced private placement in the Company.

Mr. Kyle Wool, CEO of Dominari Securities LLC,
commented, We are thrilled to welcome Don Jr. and Eric as advisors to our team. They have each achieved significant success across
a wide range of industries and bring invaluable leadership and strategic insight that we believe will be highly beneficial for our firm.
Their guidance is expected to be instrumental as we continue to seek attractive investment opportunities, particularly in the rapidly
evolving AI and Data Center sector.

Mr. Donald Trump, Jr., commented, Kyle
and the team at Dominari are exceptional at identifying early-stage investment opportunities that can capitalize on emerging trends. AI
is advancing at an unprecedented pace and has the potential to revolutionize industries and transform the way companies do business. Harnessing
this transformative technology is essential to the America First agenda. It will require significant capital investment
and strategic planning, and I look forward to contributing to those discussions at Dominari.

Mr. Eric Trump emphasized, Dominaris
focus on technology aligns with the vision of advancing AI to drive growth and global competitiveness. Accelerating investments in Data
Center infrastructure is key to strengthening Americas global standing, and I am excited to invest and advise in initiatives that
support this AI-driven future.

Mr. Anthony C. Hayes, CEO of Dominari Holdings
Inc., commented, Artificial Intelligence is dramatically reshaping the business landscape. We recognize its transformative potential
and believe there is a tremendous opportunity to enhance value for our shareholders through direct investment. By acquiring and operating
AI assets with industry professionals, we are seeking to position ourselves at the forefront of a highly compelling investment opportunity.
The addition of Don Jr. and Eric as advisors aligns directly with Dominaris strategic focus on identifying and capitalizing on
investment opportunities in emerging sectors. We expect their expertise will be invaluable as we navigate the expanding landscape of AI-driven
technologies.

For additional information about Dominari Holdings
Inc., please visit: https://www.dominariholdings.com/

About Dominari Holdings Inc.

The Company is a holding
company that, through its various subsidiaries, is currently engaged in wealth management, investment banking, sales and trading and asset
management. In addition to capital investment, Dominari provides management support to the executive teams of its subsidiaries,
helping them to operate efficiently and reduce cost under a streamlined infrastructure. In addition to organic growth, the Company
seeks opportunities outside of its current business to enhance stockholder value, including in the AI and Data Center sector.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as may,
might, will, should, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate,
continue, predict, forecast, project, plan, intend or similar
expressions, or statements regarding intent, belief, or current expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements include,
among others, those related to the Companys potential entry into the AI and data center sector, future results of operations and
financial position, business strategy, prospective costs, timing and likelihood of success and plans and objectives of management for
future operations, including both organic growth and M&A activity. While the Company believes these forward-looking statements are
reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on any such forward-looking statements, which are based on information available to us
on the date of this release. These forward-looking statements are based upon current estimates and assumptions and are subject to various
risks and uncertainties, including without limitation those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC, which include but are not
limited to the Risk Factors set forth in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 relating
to its business. Thus, actual results could be materially different. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or alter
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Contacts:

Dominari Holdings Inc.

https://www.dominariholdings.com/

info@dominarisecurities.com

(212) 393-4500
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>domh-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>domh-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>domh-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41845

Entity Registrant Name Dominari Holdings
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000012239

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-0849320

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 725 5th Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 22nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 393-4540

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol DOMH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://dominariholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

domh-20250210.xsd 
domh-20250210_lab.xml 
domh-20250210_pre.xml 
ea0230755-8k_dominari.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-012362-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ea0230755-8k_dominari_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000012239 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000012239 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
Dominari Holdings Inc. 
DE 
001-41845 
52-0849320 
725 5th Avenue 
22nd Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
393-4540 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
DOMH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>