<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-004922.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-004922.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415173008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-004922
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250409
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yoshiharu Global Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001898604
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41494
		FILM NUMBER:		25840722

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6940 BEACH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE D-705
		CITY:			BUENA PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90621
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213-272-1780

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6940 BEACH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE D-705
		CITY:			BUENA PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Yoshiharu Holdings Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211210
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189860400018986042025-04-092025-04-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 9, 2025

Yoshiharu
Global Co.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41494 87-3941448

(State
or other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
No.) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

6940
Beach Blvd., Suite D-705

Buena
Park, CA90621

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)

(714)694-2403

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value YOSH 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq
Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Agreement

On
April 9, 2025, Yoshiharu Global Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into two new securities subscription
agreements (the Subscription Agreements) with certain investors pursuant to which the investors purchased an aggregate
of 400,000 additional warrants for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000. The Subscription Agreements contain customary representations,
warranties, and indemnification provisions and were entered into in reliance on self-certification as an accredited investor pursuant
to Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

Each
warrant is exercisable for one share of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Common
Stock), at an exercise price of $0.01 (the Shares) pursuant to the terms of the warrant agreement (the Warrant
Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement, in the event that the Company has not obtained stockholder approval,
the Company may not issue upon exercise of the Warrants a number of shares of Common Stock, which, when aggregated with any shares of
Common Stock issued pursuant to the subscription agreements executed contemporaneously between the Company and other investors or holders
of Warrants (whether for Common Stock or Warrants) would equal twenty (20%) percent or more of the Common Stock or twenty (20%) percent
or more of the voting power of the Company outstanding before the issuance (the Requisite Stockholder Approval).

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreements, the Company is obligated to submit a registration statement to the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) within thirty (30) calendar days following the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K with
the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. If the Company fails to file the registration statement by this deadline, it shall
provide written notice to the investors within five (5) business days, detailing the reason for the delay and the expected timeline for
submission.

The
Subscription Agreements also provide that should the Company (i) fail to submit the registration statement within the timeline
specified above or if the registration statement is denied, withdrawn or not declared effective by the SEC within one-hundred twenty
(120) days from the filing date or (ii) fail to obtain the Requisite Stockholder Approval within 75 days from the date of the
Subscription Agreements, the investors will have the option, in their sole discretion, to: (1) with respect to (i), require the
Company to assist it in filing for an exemption under Rule 144 or other applicable SEC regulations to remove the transfer
restrictions from the Shares, or, if such exemption is unavailable, demand the Company to repurchase the Warrants or underlying
shares at the original purchase price; or (2) demand a full refund of the subscription amount, subject to the Companys
financial capability as verified by an independent audit conducted within 15 days of the demand. The Subscription Agreements also
state that should a refund become necessary, the Company is obligated to process and complete the refund within thirty (30) calendar
days of it exercising its right to a refund. If the Company fails to remit the refund within this period, the outstanding amount
shall accrue interest at an annual rate of eight percent (8%) until fully paid.

Subject
to certain exceptions set forth in the Warrant Agreement (including while the Requisite Stockholder Approval is being obtained), in the
event that the Company does not deliver the Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants, such investor may purchase shares in the open market
and the Company shall, within five (5) Trading Days after the investors request either (1) pay in cash to an amount equal to
the total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock that the investor purchased in open
market transactions, at which point the Companys obligation to issue such the Shares shall terminate or (2) promptly honor its
obligation to deliver to the investor or its designee such Shares or credit the investors or its designees balance account
with DTC for such Shares and pay cash to the investor in an amount equal to investors total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased in the open market transactions, less the product of (A) the number
of shares of Common Stock purchased in the, and (B) the Closing Sale Price of a share of Common Stock on the Exercise Date.

The
Board of Directors believes the sales price of $2.50 for each Warrant to be in the best interests of the Company in light of its immediate
need to generate the requisite capital to maintain Nasdaqs continued listing standards and for other general corporate purposes.

Capitalized
terms not defined herein, have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement.

The
foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the Subscription Agreements. For a full description of all terms, please refer
to each of the Subscription Agreements that are filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2, and Exhibit 10.3 respectively, to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement relating to the Subscription Agreements is
incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. The Company intends to issue the Warrants pursuant to the exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, available under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The investors are accredited
investors as such term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
current report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking
statements can be identified by words such as projects, may, will, could, would,
should, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends,
plans, potential, promise or similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking
statements in this current report include, without limitation, statements regarding the Companys available options to resolve
the deficiency and regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical
facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on the Companys current beliefs, expectations and assumptions
regarding the future of its business, future plans, strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future
conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, and actual
results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ include, without limitation, that there can be no assurance that the Company will meet Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) during
any compliance period or otherwise in the future, that there can be no assurance that the Company will otherwise meet Nasdaq compliance
standards, that there can be no assurance that Nasdaq will grant the Company any relief from delisting as necessary or whether the Company
can agree to or ultimately meet applicable Nasdaq requirements for any such relief, and the other important factors described under the
caption Risk Factors in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) for the year ended December 31, 2024 and its other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement made by
the Company in this current report is based only on information currently available and speaks only as of the date on which it is made.
Except as required by applicable law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements,
whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

The
following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Securities Subscription Agreement with CSTCompany Germany GmbH dated April 9, 2025

10.2 Securities Subscription Agreement with Daeboreum Co., Ltd. dated April 9, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive File (the cover page tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
April 15, 2025

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO. 

By: /s/
James Chae 

Name:
James
Chae 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

SUBSCRIBER:
CSTCompany German GmbH 

RE: Securities
Subscription Agreement

To
whom it may concern:

This
agreement (the Agreement) is entered into effective April 9, 2025 by and between Yoshiharu Global Co., a
Delaware corporation (the Company) and CSTCompany German GmbH (the Subscriber). Pursuant to
the terms hereof, the Company hereby accepts the offer the Subscriber has made to purchase $580,000 worth of warrants (the Warrants)
which are exercisable for 232,000 shares of the Companys Class A common stock $0.0001 par value per share (the Common
Stock), as described in the warrant agreement set forth as Exhibit A attached hereto (the Warrant Agreement)..

1. Purchase
of Securities.

1.1.
Purchase of Shares. For the sum of $580,000, or $2.50 per each Warrant to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock by the payment
by on the date of execution of this Agreement by wire of immediate funds to an account designed by the Company, the Company hereby agrees
to issue 232,000 Warrants to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber hereby purchases the Warrants from the Company on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. Concurrently with the Subscribers execution
of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver the executed Warrant Agreement to the Subscriber.

2.
Deliveries.

2.1. Subscribers
Deliveries. On or prior to the date first written above, Subscriber shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company a duly
executed copy of the investor questionnaire, attached hereto as Exhibit A to this Agreement (the Investor Questionnaire).
In addition, on or prior to the date hereof, Subscriber has paid the Purchase Price as provided in Section 1.1.

3. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements.

3.1. Subscribers
Representations, Warranties and Agreements. To induce the Company to issue the Warrants to the Subscriber, the Subscriber hereby
represents and warrants to the Company and agrees with the Company as follows:

3.1.1. No
Government Recommendation or Approval. The Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any
recommendation or endorsement of the offering of the Warrants.

3.1.2. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Subscriber of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the formation and governing documents of the Subscriber,
(ii) any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Subscriber is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which
the Subscriber is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Subscriber is subject.

3.1.3. Organization
and Authority. The Subscriber is a natural person or an entity who (or which) possesses all requisite power and authority necessary
to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Upon execution and delivery by the Subscriber, this Agreement is a legal,
valid and binding agreement of Subscriber, enforceable against Subscriber in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in
equity). 

3.1.4. Experience,
Financial Capability and Suitability. Subscriber is: (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks
and benefits of the investment in the Warrants and the shares underlying the warrants and (ii) able to bear the economic risk of its
investment in the Warrants for an indefinite period of time because neither the Warrants nor the underlying shares have been registered
under the Securities Act (as defined below) and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an
exemption from such registration is available. Subscriber is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company
and has the capacity to protect its own interests. Subscriber must bear the economic risk of this investment until the Warrant is exercised
and the shares underlying the Warrants are sold pursuant to: (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or (ii)
an exemption from registration available with respect to such sale. Subscriber is able to bear the economic risks of an investment in
the Warrants and to afford a complete loss of Subscribers investment in the Warrants.

3.1.5. Access
to Information; Independent Investigation; No Conflicts. Subscriber acknowledges that, prior to executing this Agreement, Subscriber
has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company concerning an investment in the Company,
as well as the finances, operations, business, and prospects of the Company. Subscriber has also had the opportunity to obtain additional
information to verify the accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining whether to make this investment, Subscriber has relied
solely on Subscribers own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon Subscribers due diligence
investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph. Subscriber understands that no person has been authorized to
provide any information or make any representations other than those furnished pursuant to this paragraph, and Subscriber has not relied
on any other representations or information, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations, and/or its prospects.

Furthermore,
the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein do not violate,
conflict with, or constitute a default under (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, (ii) any agreement, indenture,
or instrument to which the Company is a party, or (iii) any law, statute, rule, or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any
agreement, order, judgment, or decree to which the Company is subject.

3.1.6. Regulation
D Offering. Subscriber represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and acknowledges the sale contemplated
hereby may be made in reliance on a private placement exemption to accredited investors within the meaning of Section 501(a)
of Regulation D under the Securities Act or similar exemptions under state law.

3.1.7. Investment
Purposes. The Subscriber is purchasing the Warrants solely for investment purposes, for the Subscribers own account and
not for the account or benefit of any other person, and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof. The Subscriber
did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule
502 under the Securities Act.

3.1.8. Restrictions
on Transfer. Subscriber understands the Warrants are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering
within the meaning of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation 506(b)). Subscriber understands
the Warrants and the underlying shares will be restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities
Act, and Subscriber understands that the certificates or book-entries representing the Warrants and underlying shares will contain a
legend in respect of such restrictions. If in the future the Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Warrants
or the shares underlying the Warrants, such Warrants and underlying shares may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only
pursuant to: (i) registration under the Securities Act, or (ii) an available exemption from registration. Subscriber agrees that if any
transfer of its Warrants, underlying shares, or any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer,
Subscriber may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company. Absent registration or an exemption,
the Subscriber agrees not to resell the Warrants or underlying shares.

3.1.9. No
Governmental Consents. No governmental, administrative or other third-party consents or approvals are required, necessary or
appropriate on the part of Subscriber in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.2.
Companys Representations, Warranties and Agreements. To induce the Subscriber to purchase the Warrants, the Company
hereby represents and warrants to the Subscriber and agrees with the Subscriber as follows:

3.2.1. Organization
and Corporate Power. The Company is a Delaware corporation and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the
failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or
assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

2

3.2.2. Title
to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Warrants, and upon exercise,
the underlying shares, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant
to, the terms hereof, the Subscriber will have or receive good title to the Warrants, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances
of any kind, other than (a) transfer restrictions hereunder and other agreements to which the Warrants (and underlying shares) may be
subject which have been notified to the Subscriber in writing, (b) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and
(c) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Subscriber.

3.2.3. No
Adverse Actions. There are no material actions, suits, investigations or proceedings pending, threatened against or affecting
the Company which: (i) seek to restrain, enjoin, prevent the consummation of or otherwise affect the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or (ii) question the validity or legality of any transactions or seeks to recover damages or to obtain other relief in connection
with any transactions.

4.
Covenants.

4.1. Subscribers
Covenants. To induce the Company to issue the Warrants to the Subscriber, the Subscriber hereby covenants and agrees with the
Company as follows:

4.1.1. Accredited
Investor Verification. Subscriber shall deliver to Company a letter from its legal counsel verifying its status as an accredited
investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and such letter to be made in a form acceptable
to Company and its counsel. If the Subscriber is a legal entity, it must qualify as an institutional accredited investor under Rule 501(a)
of Regulation D, and shall provide necessary documentation. Alternatively, the Company may accept the completion and submission of Exhibit
B (Investor Questionnaire) attached to this Agreement as sufficient verification of the Subscribers accredited investor status,
provided that all responses therein are true, accurate, and complete to the best knowledge of the Subscriber.

5. Restrictions
on Transfer.

5.1. Securities
Law Restrictions. Subscriber agrees not to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the
Warrant or the underlying shares unless, prior thereto (a) he/she/it has received prior written consent of the Company, (b) a registration
statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the shares underlying
the Warrants proposed to be transferred shall then be effective or (c) the Company has received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction is exempt from registration under the Securities Act
and the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws. 

5.2. Restrictive
Legends. Any certificates representing the Warrants or the underlying shares shall have endorsed thereon legends substantially
as follows:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND
NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND SUCH LAWS WHICH,
IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL, IS AVAILABLE.

5.3. Additional
Shares or Substituted Securities. In the event of the declaration of a share dividend, the declaration of an extraordinary dividend
payable in a form other than shares, a spin-off, a share split, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction
affecting the Companys outstanding shares without receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or additional securities or other
property which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any shares or into which such shares thereby become convertible
shall immediately be subject to this Section 6 and Section 3. Appropriate adjustments to reflect the distribution of such securities
or property shall be made to the number and/or class of shares subject to this Section 5 and Section 3.

3

5.5. Registration
Rights. Subscriber acknowledges that the shares underlying the Warrants are not registered and will become freely tradable only
after certain conditions are met.

5.6
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of its filing of the annual report on
Form 10-K with the SEC, file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as
shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations, and interpretations, so as to permit
the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Subscriber

5.7. General
Solicitation. Subscriber and Company acknowledge that this offering does not allow, contemplate nor was made pursuant to a general
solicitation or advertising under the meaning of Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

6. Other
Agreements.

6.1. Further
Assurances. Subscriber agrees to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary
to carry out the intent of this Agreement.

6.2. Notices. All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and delivered personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, and (ii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other
electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed
to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if
sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after
mailing if sent by mail.

6.3. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the Subscriber and the Company with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.
No statement, representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of any kind not expressly set forth in this Agreement shall affect, or
be used to interpret, change or restrict, the express terms and provisions of this Agreement. 

6.4. Modifications
and Amendments. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be modified or amended only by written agreement executed by
all parties hereto.

6.5. Waivers
and Consents. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be waived, or consent for the departure therefrom granted, only
by a written document executed by the party entitled to the benefits of such terms or provisions. No such waiver or consent shall be
deemed to be or shall constitute a waiver or consent with respect to any other terms or provisions of this Agreement, whether or not
similar. Each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which it was given, and
shall not constitute a continuing waiver or consent.

6.6. Assignment. The
rights and obligations under this Agreement may not be assigned by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other
party.

6.7. Benefit. All
statements, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and shall
inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each party hereto. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
to create any rights or obligations except among the parties hereto, and no person or entity shall be regarded as a third-party beneficiary
of this Agreement.

6.8. Governing
Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by the laws of New York without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.

6.9. Severability. In
the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision, or any portion thereof, contained in this Agreement
shall be unreasonable or unenforceable in any respect, then such provision shall be deemed limited to the extent that such court deems
it reasonable and enforceable, and as so limited shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that such court shall deem any such
provision, or portion thereof, wholly unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force
and effect.

4

6.10. No
Waiver of Rights, Powers and Remedies. No failure or delay by a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under
this Agreement, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of
such party. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by a party hereto, nor any abandonment or
discontinuance of steps to enforce any such right, power or remedy, shall preclude such party from any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder. The election of any remedy by a party hereto shall not constitute a waiver
of the right of such party to pursue other available remedies. No notice to or demand on a party not expressly required under this Agreement
shall entitle the party receiving such notice or demand to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or
constitute a waiver of the rights of the party giving such notice or demand to any other or further action in any circumstances without
such notice or demand.

6.11. Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made by the parties hereto in this Agreement or in any
other agreement, certificate or instrument provided for or contemplated hereby, shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and any
investigations made by or on behalf of the parties.

6.12. No
Broker or Finder. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other that no broker, finder or other financial
consultant has acted on its behalf in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in such a way as to create
any liability on the other. Each of the parties hereto agrees to indemnify and save the other harmless from any claim or demand for commission
or other compensation by any broker, finder, financial consultant or similar agent claiming to have been employed by or on behalf of
such party and to bear the cost of legal expenses incurred in defending against any such claim.

6.13. Headings
and Captions. The headings and captions of the various subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only
and shall in no way modify or affect the meaning or construction of any of the terms or provisions hereof.

6.14. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that
both parties need not sign the same counterpart.

6.15. Construction. The
parties agree that this Agreement is the product of negotiations between sophisticated persons, both of whom were (or had the opportunity
to be) represented by counsel, and each of whom had an opportunity to participate in, and did participate in, the drafting of each provision
hereof. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the
parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party hereto because of the authorship of
any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes, and including
will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be
construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless
the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof,
hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained
herein will have independent significance. If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein
in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless
of the relative levels of specificity) which such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such
party hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

6.16. Mutual
Drafting. This Agreement is the joint product of the Subscriber and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to
the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

7. Additional
Provisions

7.1
Indemnification. Each party shall indemnify the other against any loss, cost or damages (including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in this Agreement.

5

7.2.
SEC Registration Deadline and Delay Notification. The Company shall submit an SEC registration application within thirty (30)
calendar days following the filing of the Companys annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2024. If the Company fails to file the registration by this deadline, it shall provide written notice to the Subscriber within five
(5) business days, detailing the reason for the delay and the expected timeline for submission.

7.3.
Investor Rights in Case of SEC Registration Failure or Delay. In the event that (i) the Company fails to submit the registration
application within the timeline specified in Section 7.2, or if the registration is ultimately denied, withdrawn, or not declared effective
by the SEC within 120 days from the filing date or (ii) the Company fails to obtain the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined in
the Warrant Agreement) within 75 days from the date hereof, the Subscriber shall have the sole discretion to either:

7.3.1.
with respect to Section 7.3(i) only, require the Company to assist the Subscriber in filing for an exemption under Rule 144 or other
applicable SEC regulations to remove transfer restrictions, or, if such exemption is unavailable, demand the Company to repurchase the
Shares at the original purchase price ($580,000); or

7.3.2.
demand a full refund of the Subscription Amount ($580,000), subject to the Companys financial capability as verified by an independent
audit conducted within 15 days of the demand.

7.4.
Interest on Delayed Refund. The Company shall be obligated to process and complete the refund within thirty (30) calendar days
from the date the Subscriber exercises the right under Section 7.3.2. If the Company fails to remit the refund within this period, the
outstanding amount shall accrue interest at an annual rate of eight percent (8%) until fully paid.

[Signature
Page Follows]

6

If
the foregoing accurately sets forth our understanding and agreement, please sign the enclosed copy of this Agreement and return it to
us.

Very
truly yours,

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL, CO.

By:
/s/
James Chae

Name:
James
Chae

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

Notice
Address: ______________________________

Accepted
and agreed as of the date first written above. 

CSTCompany
German GmbH 

/s/
Jung Jae Yeon 

Signature 

Jung
Jae Yeon, Representative 

Print
Name, Title 

Notice
Address:

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

SUBSCRIBER:
Daeboreum Co., Ltd. 

RE:
Securities Subscription Agreement

To
whom it may concern:

This
agreement (the Agreement) is entered into effective April 9th, 2025 by and between Yoshiharu Global Co., a Delaware
corporation (the Company) and Daeboreum Co., Ltd. (the Subscriber). Pursuant to the terms hereof,
the Company hereby accepts the offer the Subscriber has made to purchase $420,000 worth of warrants (the Warrants)
which are exercisable for 168,000 shares of the Companys Class A common stock $0.0001 par value per share (the Common
Stock), as described in the warrant agreement set forth as Exhibit A attached hereto (the Warrant Agreement)..

1.
Purchase of Securities.

1.1.
Purchase of Shares. For the sum of $420,000, or $2.50 per each Warrant to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock by the payment
by on the date of execution of this Agreement by wire of immediate funds to an account designed by the Company, the Company hereby agrees
to issue 168,000 Warrants to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber hereby purchases the Warrants from the Company on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. Concurrently with the Subscribers execution
of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver the executed Warrant Agreement to the Subscriber.

2.
Deliveries.

2.1.
Subscribers Deliveries. On or prior to the date first written above, Subscriber shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Company a duly executed copy of the investor questionnaire, attached hereto as Exhibit A to this Agreement (the Investor
Questionnaire). In addition, on or prior to the date hereof, Subscriber has paid the Purchase Price as provided in Section
1.1.

3.
Representations, Warranties and Agreements.

3.1.
Subscribers Representations, Warranties and Agreements. To induce the Company to issue the Warrants to the Subscriber,
the Subscriber hereby represents and warrants to the Company and agrees with the Company as follows:

3.1.1.
No Government Recommendation or Approval. The Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any
recommendation or endorsement of the offering of the Warrants.

3.1.2.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Subscriber of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the formation and governing documents of the Subscriber,
(ii) any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Subscriber is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which
the Subscriber is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Subscriber is subject.

3.1.3.
Organization and Authority. The Subscriber is a natural person or an entity who (or which) possesses all requisite power and authority
necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Upon execution and delivery by the Subscriber, this Agreement
is a legal, valid and binding agreement of Subscriber, enforceable against Subscriber in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in
equity).

3.1.4.
Experience, Financial Capability and Suitability. Subscriber is: (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate
the risks and benefits of the investment in the Warrants and the shares underlying the warrants and (ii) able to bear the economic risk
of its investment in the Warrants for an indefinite period of time because neither the Warrants nor the underlying shares have been registered
under the Securities Act (as defined below) and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an
exemption from such registration is available. Subscriber is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company
and has the capacity to protect its own interests. Subscriber must bear the economic risk of this investment until the Warrant is exercised
and the shares underlying the Warrants are sold pursuant to: (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or (ii)
an exemption from registration available with respect to such sale. Subscriber is able to bear the economic risks of an investment in
the Warrants and to afford a complete loss of Subscribers investment in the Warrants.

3.1.5.
Access to Information; Independent Investigation; No Conflicts. Subscriber acknowledges that, prior to executing this Agreement,
Subscriber has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company concerning an investment
in the Company, as well as the finances, operations, business, and prospects of the Company. Subscriber has also had the opportunity
to obtain additional information to verify the accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining whether to make this investment,
Subscriber has relied solely on Subscribers own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon Subscribers
due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph. Subscriber understands that no person has been
authorized to provide any information or make any representations other than those furnished pursuant to this paragraph, and Subscriber
has not relied on any other representations or information, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations, and/or
its prospects.

Furthermore,
the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein do not violate,
conflict with, or constitute a default under (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, (ii) any agreement, indenture,
or instrument to which the Company is a party, or (iii) any law, statute, rule, or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any
agreement, order, judgment, or decree to which the Company is subject.

3.1.6.
Regulation D Offering. Subscriber represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)
of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and acknowledges the sale contemplated
hereby may be made in reliance on a private placement exemption to accredited investors within the meaning of Section 501(a)
of Regulation D under the Securities Act or similar exemptions under state law.

3.1.7.
Investment Purposes. The Subscriber is purchasing the Warrants solely for investment purposes, for the Subscribers own
account and not for the account or benefit of any other person, and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof.
The Subscriber did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the
meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act.

3.1.8.
Restrictions on Transfer. Subscriber understands the Warrants are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public
offering within the meaning of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation 506(b)). Subscriber
understands the Warrants and the underlying shares will be restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under
the Securities Act, and Subscriber understands that the certificates or book-entries representing the Warrants and underlying shares
will contain a legend in respect of such restrictions. If in the future the Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise
transfer the Warrants or the shares underlying the Warrants, such Warrants and underlying shares may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise
transferred only pursuant to: (i) registration under the Securities Act, or (ii) an available exemption from registration. Subscriber
agrees that if any transfer of its Warrants, underlying shares, or any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent
to any such transfer, Subscriber may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company. Absent
registration or an exemption, the Subscriber agrees not to resell the Warrants or underlying shares.

3.1.9.
No Governmental Consents. No governmental, administrative or other third-party consents or approvals are required, necessary or
appropriate on the part of Subscriber in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.2.
Companys Representations, Warranties and Agreements. To induce the Subscriber to purchase the Warrants, the Company hereby
represents and warrants to the Subscriber and agrees with the Subscriber as follows:

2

3.2.1.
Organization and Corporate Power. The Company is a Delaware corporation and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction
in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating
results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

3.2.2.
Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Warrants, and upon exercise,
the underlying shares, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant
to, the terms hereof, the Subscriber will have or receive good title to the Warrants, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances
of any kind, other than (a) transfer restrictions hereunder and other agreements to which the Warrants (and underlying shares) may be
subject which have been notified to the Subscriber in writing, (b) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and
(c) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Subscriber.

3.2.3.
No Adverse Actions. There are no material actions, suits, investigations or proceedings pending, threatened against or affecting
the Company which: (i) seek to restrain, enjoin, prevent the consummation of or otherwise affect the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or (ii) question the validity or legality of any transactions or seeks to recover damages or to obtain other relief in connection
with any transactions.

4.
Covenants.

4.1.
Subscribers Covenants. To induce the Company to issue the Warrants to the Subscriber, the Subscriber hereby covenants and
agrees with the Company as follows:

4.1.1.
Accredited Investor Verification. Subscriber shall deliver to Company a letter from its legal counsel verifying its status as
an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and such letter to be made in
a form acceptable to Company and its counsel. If the Subscriber is a legal entity, it must qualify as an institutional accredited investor
under Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, and shall provide necessary documentation. Alternatively, the Company may accept the completion and
submission of Exhibit B (Investor Questionnaire) attached to this Agreement as sufficient verification of the Subscribers accredited
investor status, provided that all responses therein are true, accurate, and complete to the best knowledge of the Subscriber.

5.
Restrictions on Transfer.

5.1.
Securities Law Restrictions. Subscriber agrees not to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part
of the Warrant or the underlying shares unless, prior thereto (a) he/she/it has received prior written consent of the Company, (b) a
registration statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the shares
underlying the Warrants proposed to be transferred shall then be effective or (c) the Company has received an opinion from counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction is exempt from registration under the Securities
Act and the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws.

5.2.
Restrictive Legends. Any certificates representing the Warrants or the underlying shares shall have endorsed thereon legends substantially
as follows:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND
NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND SUCH LAWS WHICH,
IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL, IS AVAILABLE.

5.3.
Additional Shares or Substituted Securities. In the event of the declaration of a share dividend, the declaration of an extraordinary
dividend payable in a form other than shares, a spin-off, a share split, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar
transaction affecting the Companys outstanding shares without receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or additional securities
or other property which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any shares or into which such shares thereby become
convertible shall immediately be subject to this Section 6 and Section 3. Appropriate adjustments to reflect the distribution of such
securities or property shall be made to the number and/or class of shares subject to this Section 5 and Section 3.

3

5.5.
Registration Rights. Subscriber acknowledges that the shares underlying the Warrants are not registered and will become freely
tradable only after certain conditions are met.

5.6
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of its filing of the annual report on
Form 10-K with the SEC, file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as
shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations, and interpretations, so as to permit
the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Subscriber

5.7.
General Solicitation. Subscriber and Company acknowledge that this offering does not allow, contemplate nor was made pursuant
to a general solicitation or advertising under the meaning of Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

6.
Other Agreements.

6.1.
Further Assurances. Subscriber agrees to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be
necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement.

6.2.
Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing
and delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission
to the address designated in writing, and (ii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written
confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or
five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail.

6.3.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the Subscriber and the Company with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.
No statement, representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of any kind not expressly set forth in this Agreement shall affect, or
be used to interpret, change or restrict, the express terms and provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.
Modifications and Amendments. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be modified or amended only by written agreement
executed by all parties hereto.

6.5.
Waivers and Consents. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be waived, or consent for the departure therefrom granted,
only by a written document executed by the party entitled to the benefits of such terms or provisions. No such waiver or consent shall
be deemed to be or shall constitute a waiver or consent with respect to any other terms or provisions of this Agreement, whether or not
similar. Each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which it was given, and
shall not constitute a continuing waiver or consent.

6.6.
Assignment. The rights and obligations under this Agreement may not be assigned by either party hereto without the prior written
consent of the other party.

6.7.
Benefit. All statements, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement shall be binding on the parties
hereto and shall inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each party hereto. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed to create any rights or obligations except among the parties hereto, and no person or entity shall be regarded as
a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

6.8.
Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of New York without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.

6.9.
Severability. In the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision, or any portion thereof,
contained in this Agreement shall be unreasonable or unenforceable in any respect, then such provision shall be deemed limited to the
extent that such court deems it reasonable and enforceable, and as so limited shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that
such court shall deem any such provision, or portion thereof, wholly unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect.

4

6.10.
No Waiver of Rights, Powers and Remedies. No failure or delay by a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under
this Agreement, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of
such party. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by a party hereto, nor any abandonment or
discontinuance of steps to enforce any such right, power or remedy, shall preclude such party from any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder. The election of any remedy by a party hereto shall not constitute a waiver
of the right of such party to pursue other available remedies. No notice to or demand on a party not expressly required under this Agreement
shall entitle the party receiving such notice or demand to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or
constitute a waiver of the rights of the party giving such notice or demand to any other or further action in any circumstances without
such notice or demand.

6.11.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made by the parties hereto in this Agreement or
in any other agreement, certificate or instrument provided for or contemplated hereby, shall survive the execution and delivery hereof
and any investigations made by or on behalf of the parties.

6.12.
No Broker or Finder. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other that no broker, finder or other financial
consultant has acted on its behalf in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in such a way as to create
any liability on the other. Each of the parties hereto agrees to indemnify and save the other harmless from any claim or demand for commission
or other compensation by any broker, finder, financial consultant or similar agent claiming to have been employed by or on behalf of
such party and to bear the cost of legal expenses incurred in defending against any such claim.

6.13.
Headings and Captions. The headings and captions of the various subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience of reference
only and shall in no way modify or affect the meaning or construction of any of the terms or provisions hereof.

6.14.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.

6.15.
Construction. The parties agree that this Agreement is the product of negotiations between sophisticated persons, both of whom
were (or had the opportunity to be) represented by counsel, and each of whom had an opportunity to participate in, and did participate
in, the drafting of each provision hereof. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed
as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party hereto
because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes,
and including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine,
and neuter genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural
and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof,
hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained
herein will have independent significance. If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein
in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless
of the relative levels of specificity) which such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such
party hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

6.16.
Mutual Drafting. This Agreement is the joint product of the Subscriber and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject
to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

7.
Additional Provisions

7.1
Indemnification. Each party shall indemnify the other against any loss, cost or damages (including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in this Agreement.

5

7.2.
SEC Registration Deadline and Delay Notification. The Company shall submit an SEC registration application within thirty (30)
calendar days following the filing of the Companys annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2024. If the Company fails to file the registration by this deadline, it shall provide written notice to the Subscriber within five
(5) business days, detailing the reason for the delay and the expected timeline for submission.

7.3.
Investor Rights in Case of SEC Registration Failure or Delay. In the event that (i) the Company fails to submit the registration
application within the timeline specified in Section 7.2, or if the registration is ultimately denied, withdrawn, or not declared effective
by the SEC within 120 days from the filing date or (ii) the Company fails to obtain the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined in
the Warrant Agreement) within 75 days from the date hereof, the Subscriber shall have the sole discretion to either:

7.3.1.
with respect to Section 7.3(i) only, require the Company to assist the Subscriber in filing for an exemption under Rule 144 or other
applicable SEC regulations to remove transfer restrictions, or, if such exemption is unavailable, demand the Company to repurchase the
Shares at the original purchase price ($420,000); or

7.3.2.
demand a full refund of the Subscription Amount ($420,000), subject to the Companys financial capability as verified by an independent
audit conducted within 15 days of the demand.

7.4.
Interest on Delayed Refund. The Company shall be obligated to process and complete the refund within thirty (30) calendar days
from the date the Subscriber exercises the right under Section 7.3.2. If the Company fails to remit the refund within this period, the
outstanding amount shall accrue interest at an annual rate of eight percent (8%) until fully paid.

[Signature
Page Follows]

6

If
the foregoing accurately sets forth our understanding and agreement, please sign the enclosed copy of this Agreement and return it to
us.

Very truly yours,

YOSHIHARU GLOBAL, CO.

By: /s/
James Chae

Name:
James
Chae

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

Notice
Address: __________________________________

Accepted
and agreed as of the date first written above. 

Daeboreum
Co., Ltd. 

/s/
Jiwon Kim 

Signature 

Jiwon
Kim, Representative 

Print
Name, Title 

Notice
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>yosh-20250409.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>yosh-20250409_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>yosh-20250409_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 09, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41494

Entity Registrant Name Yoshiharu
Global Co.

Entity Central Index Key 0001898604

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3941448

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6940
Beach Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite D-705

Entity Address, City or Town Buena
Park

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90621

City Area Code (714)

Local Phone Number 694-2403

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol YOSH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ir.yoshiharuramen.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
yosh-20250409.xsd 
yosh-20250409_lab.xml 
yosh-20250409_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-004922-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001898604 

2025-04-09 
2025-04-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001898604 
8-K 
2025-04-09 
Yoshiharu Global Co. 
DE 
001-41494 
87-3941448 
6940 Beach Blvd. 
Suite D-705 
Buena Park 
CA 
90621 
(714) 
694-2403 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
YOSH 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>