<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-075102.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-075102.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408074529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-075102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250407
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ImmunityBio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001326110
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				431979754
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37507
		FILM NUMBER:		25820298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3530 JOHN HOPKINS COURT
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(844) 696-5235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3530 JOHN HOPKINS COURT
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NantKwest, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150713

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Conkwest, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140416

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZelleRx Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050504
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d943675d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000132611000013261102025-04-072025-04-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 7, 2025

ImmunityBio, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37507 43-1979754

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3530 John Hopkins Court

San Diego, California92121

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (844)696-5235

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share IBRX The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Registered Direct Offering 

On April 7, 2025, ImmunityBio, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA) with the purchaser named therein (the Investor) for the purchase and sale of 29,024,768 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and warrants to purchase an additional 29,024,768 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.101 per share, for a purchase price of $2.584 per share and accompanying warrant, generating gross proceeds from the offering of approximately $75 million before deducting our estimated offering expenses. The warrants will become immediately exercisable after the issuance date and expire five years after the initial issuance date. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about April 9, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

The securities are being offered and sold by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement and an accompanying prospectus forming part of a shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-278770).

The SPA contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Investor, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the SPA were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. 

The foregoing is only a brief description of the material terms of the Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant and the SPA, and does not purport to be a complete description of the rights and obligations of the parties thereunder, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant and the SPA that are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

The legal opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the securities in the offering is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On April 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the offering described in Item 1.01 above. The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. 

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be beyond our control. Investors should review the risks and uncertainties contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025, as well as other risks set forth in our other filings with the SEC. We caution you that the forward-looking information presented in this Current Report on Form 8-K is not a guarantee of future events, and that actual events may differ materially from those described in or suggested by the forward-looking information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, could, would, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, projects, potential, or continue or the negative of such terms and other similar terminology. Any forward-looking information presented herein is made only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d)Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description of Exhibit

4.1* Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 

5.1* Legal Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. 

10.1* Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2025. 

23.1* Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

99.1** Press Release dated April 8, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Filed herewith. 

** 

Furnished herewith. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

IMMUNITYBIO, INC.

Registrant

Date: April 8, 2025 By: 

/s/ David C. Sachs

David C. Sachs

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d943675dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

IMMUNITYBIO, INC. 

Warrant Shares: Issue Date: April __, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received,
_______________________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issue Date and on or prior to 5:00
p.m. (New York City time) on April __, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from ImmunityBio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ________________ shares
(as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated April 7, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. 

Section 2. Exercise. 

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at
any time or times on or after the Issue Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as
defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check
drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be
required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of 

1 

Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this
paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $3.101 subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price). 

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is
no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a
cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of
regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading
Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, which Bid Price shall be shown on supporting documents provided by the Holder to the Company within two Trading Days of delivery of the Notice of Exercise, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such
Trading Day; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the
parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary
to this Section 2(c). 

2 

d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be
transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised
via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of
the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date
of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date applicable to
such exercise, the Holder may upon written demand to the Company require the Company to pay (and the Company shall pay) to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant
Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As
used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of
delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with 

3 

respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the
Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes
hereunder. 

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:
(a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as
reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common
Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by
Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent Bid Price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

4 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall
have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to
purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares
pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company at any time prior to the Company delivering such Warrant Shares. 

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon
Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an
exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any failure solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for
the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver, but did not timely deliver, to the Holder in connection with the exercise at
issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such
exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations
hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale
price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to
it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required
pursuant to the terms hereof. 

5 

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip
representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash
adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or
transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as
may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment
Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for
same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for
same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii. Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not
have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the
Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common
Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation 

6 

contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such
calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e)
applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole
discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and
Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no
liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is provided by the Company, either directly or
through one or more public filings, and relied upon by the Holder). In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is provided by the Company, either directly or through one or more public filings, and relied upon by the Holder). For purposes of this Section 2(e),
in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as
the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral
request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrant Shares, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and

7 

the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this
Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give
effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common
Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any
adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of
shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on
which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase
Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such
time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

8 

c) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is
outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than a merger or consolidation in which the Company is the
continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock), (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or
another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding Common
Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of
Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting
the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be 

9 

received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days
after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black
Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the Trading Day of the Holders request; provided,however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes
Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any
combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common
Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such
Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of
the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the Trading Day of the
Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d) and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the one-hundred (100) day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg
(determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall
be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the
highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of
the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(c) and D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d) and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost
of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of 

10 

immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to
any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares
of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted
for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right
and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt,
if, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, pursuant to the terms of this Section 3(d), the Holder shall not be entitled to receive more than one of (i) the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised
portion of this Warrant, (ii) the consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
or (iii) the assumption by the Successor Entity of all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents and the option to receive a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument
substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant. 

d) Calculations. All calculations under this
Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum
of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

11 

e) Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a
dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all
holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock
is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the
date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend,
distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is
expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this
Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may
otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

12 

f) Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and
regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by
the board of directors of the Company. 

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are
transferable, in whole or, in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the
Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer, provided, however, that any such transfer for less than 1,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of a portion of the Warrant
shall be subject to the Companys prior written consent. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the
denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three
(3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other
Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to
compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that
purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or
any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

13 

Section 5. Miscellaneous. 

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any
voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant
Shares on a cashless exercise basis pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of
this Warrant. 

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the
Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably
satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock
certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised
on the next succeeding Business Day. 

d) Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority
to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant
Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued
upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without
limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or
performance of any of the terms of 

14 

this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of
Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and
(iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this
Warrant. 

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this
Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

f) Restrictions. The Holder
acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of
Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to
comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable
attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the
Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

15 

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise
all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a
breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from
time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

l) Amendment. This
Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the
remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

n) Headings. The headings used in this
Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

********************

(Signature Page Follows) 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

IMMUNITYBIO, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

17 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: IMMUNITYBIO, INC. 

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if
any. 

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

[ ] in lawful money of the United States. 

[ ] the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to
exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

(4) Current Aggregate Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock of Holder and Attribution Parties: ____________________Shares of Common Stock 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing Entity:

____________________________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

_________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

____________________________________________________________________

Date:

____________________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign
the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature: _______________

Holders Address: ________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d943675dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Professional Corporation

12235 El Camino Real

San Diego, California 92130-3002

o: 650.350-2300

f: 650.493.6811

April 7, 2025 

ImmunityBio, Inc. 

3530 John Hopkins Court 

San Diego, California 92121 

Re: 

Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel
to ImmunityBio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the registration of the offer and sale of (a) 29,024,768 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock,
$0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), (b) warrants to purchase 29,024,768 shares of Common Stock (the Warrants) and (c) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
(the Warrant Shares and, together with the Shares and the Warrants, the Securities), pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR
(File No. 333-278770), which was automatically declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on April 17, 2024 (the Registration
Statement). 

The offering and sale of the Securities are being made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the
Securities Purchase Agreement), dated as of April 7, 2025, by and among the Company and the purchasers identified in the signature pages thereto. 

We have examined copies of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the form of Warrant, the Registration Statement, the base prospectus that forms
a part thereof (the Base Prospectus) as supplemented by the prospectus supplement to be filed in connection with the offering, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations,
together with the documents or portions thereof incorporated by reference therein, as modified or superseded as described therein (the Prospectus Supplement and, together with the Base Prospectus, the
Prospectus). We have also examined instruments, documents and records that we deemed relevant and necessary for the basis of our opinion hereinafter expressed. 

In such examination, we have assumed (i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures, (ii) the
conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, (iii) the truth, accuracy, and completeness of the information, representations and warranties contained in the records, documents, instruments and certificates we have
reviewed; (iv) the legal capacity of all natural persons. As to any facts material to the opinions expressed herein that were not independently established or verified, we have relied upon oral or written statements and representations of
officers and other representatives of the Company. In making our examination of documents executed or to be executed, we have assumed that the counterparties thereto, excluding the Company, have been duly incorporated or organized and are, and will
continue to be, validly existing and in good standing, and have or will have the 

ImmunityBio, Inc. 

April 7, 2025 

Page
2

requisite legal status and legal capacity under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of incorporation or organization and had or will have the power, corporate or other, to enter into and
perform all obligations thereunder and have also assumed the due authorization by all requisite action, corporate or other, and execution and delivery by such parties of such documents and, except as expressly set forth in the paragraphs below, the
validity and binding effect thereof on such parties. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing qualifications, assumptions and limitations
and the further limitations set out below, we are of the opinion that: 

1. 

The Shares have been duly authorized by the Company and, when issued and delivered by the Company against
payment therefor in accordance with the terms of and in the manner contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

2. 

The Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company and, when issued and delivered by the Company against
payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms; and 

3. 

The Warrant Shares have been duly authorized by the Company and, when issued and delivered by the Company
against payment of the exercise price therefor in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will have been validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

We express no opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction other than the federal laws of the United States of America and the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and, solely as to the Warrants constituting valid and binding obligations of the Company, the laws of the State of New York. 

Our opinion that any document is legal, valid, binding and enforceable is qualified as to: 

(a) 

limitations imposed by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or
other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally; 

(b) 

rights to indemnification and contribution, which may be limited by applicable law or equitable principles; and

(c) 

the effect of general principles of equity, including without limitation concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and the possible unavailability of specific performance or injunctive relief and limitation of rights of acceleration, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or
at law. 

In addition, we express no opinion as to whether a state court outside of the State of New York or a federal
court of the United States would give effect to the choice of New York law provided for in the Warrants. For purposes of our opinion in paragraph 2, we have assumed the Exercise Price (as defined in the Warrants) will not be adjusted to an amount
below the par value per share of the Common Stock. 

We hereby consent to the use of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on or about the date hereof, for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement. 

ImmunityBio, Inc. 

April 7, 2025 

Page
3

In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.

WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI

Professional Corporation
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d943675dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of April 7, 2025, by and among ImmunityBio, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers). 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Definitions. In addition
to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5. 

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or
is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Base
Prospectus shall mean the base prospectus contained in the Registration Statement at the Execution Time. 

Board of
Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,non-essential employee or any other
similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York
are generally open for use by customers on such day. 

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the
Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 

Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction
Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the
Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than April 9, 2025. 

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par
value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to
acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock. 

Company Counsel means Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., with offices located
at 12235 El Camino Real, San Diego, CA 92130. 

Disclosure Package shall mean the Base Prospectus, including documents
incorporated by reference therein. 

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a
Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed
between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution Time shall mean the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto. 

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m). 

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(x). 

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other
restriction. 

Material Adverse Change shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(o). 

Per Share Purchase Price equals $$2.584 subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, arbitration, hearing, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation,
an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Prospectus
means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that will be filed with the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at or prior to the Closing. 

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8. 

Registration Statement means the effective registration statement filed with the Commission on April 17, 2024, as
amended (File No. 333-278770), and all exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement which registered the sale of
the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers. 

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(i). 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such
Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or
interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

Rule 462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional
Securities, which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act. 

Securities means, collectively, the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. 

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall
not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Subscription Amount means, as to each
Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares and the Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United
States dollars and in immediately available funds. 

Subsidiary shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 3.1(o). 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on
the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement and the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other
documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

Transfer Agent means
Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 

Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a)(iv) hereof, which Warrants shall be immediately exercisable and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years from the Closing Date, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 

ARTICLE II. 

PURCHASE AND
SALE 

2.1 Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein the Company agrees to sell, and the
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $75,000,001 of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made
available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Warrant as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each
Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of
the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Purchasers, on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the
account(s) identified by each Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything 

herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to the
Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the
Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to
purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such
Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not
constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to
sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. 

2.2
Deliveries. 

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser
the following: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(ii) subject to the fifth sentence of Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire
instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by an officer of the Company; 

(iii) subject to the fifth sentence of Section 2.1, a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription
Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, rounded down to the nearest whole share, registered in the name of such Purchaser; 

(iv) a
Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers Shares, with an exercise price equal to $3.101, subject to adjustment therein (for the avoidance of doubt,
the original Warrant may be delivered within five (5) Trading Days of the Closing Date); 

(v) the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus
(which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act); and 

(vi) the opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, P.C., counsel to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date in customary form and substance. 

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(ii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the
Company or its designee. 

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on
the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are
qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date); 

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to
be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and 

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth
in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the
following conditions being met: 

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Change, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all
material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Change, in all respects) as of such date; 

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; 

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; 

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Change with respect to the Company since the date hereof; 

(v) the Shares shall be freely tradable on the Nasdaq Global Select Market; and 

(vi) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the
Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on
securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or
escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing. 

ARTICLE III. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser: 

(a) Disclosure Package. The Disclosure Package as of the Execution Time did not, and as of the Closing Date, will not, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No statement of material fact included in the
Disclosure Package that is required to be included in the Prospectus has been omitted therefrom. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement which have
not been described or filed as required. 

(b) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Other than the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus, the Company (including its agents and representatives) has not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in
Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in clause
(i) below) an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) other than any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities Act. Each such Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus complies in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby)
and does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Disclosure Package, and did not, and as of the Closing, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Registration
Statement and Prospectus. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective
under the Securities Act. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission, and no
proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Securities has been initiated or threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the
Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, the Registration Statement and any such post-effective amendment complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act, and did not and will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of
the Closing, the Prospectus will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(d) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed or will conform, as the case may be, in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and such documents did not
and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(e) Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and each of the Subsidiaries has been (i) duly organized and is validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, with power and authority (corporate and other) to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, and (ii) duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties or conducts any business so as to require such
qualification, except, in the case of this clause (ii), where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change, and each subsidiary of the
Company required to be listed in the Registration Statement has been so listed in the Registration Statement. 

(f) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry
out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required
Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the
valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(g) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the
Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with
or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar
adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company
or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(h) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents,
other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to the principal Trading Market for the listing of the
Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (v) such consents, waivers and authorizations that shall be
obtained prior to the Closing (collectively, the Required Approvals). 

(i) Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and,
when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued
and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (including
without limitation concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing), regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity. The Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance
with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective automatically on April 17, 2024, including the
Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The
Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of
this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act pursuant to General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3.

(j) Ineligible Issuer Status. The Company is not an ineligible issuer in connection with the offering of the Securities
pursuant to Rules 164, 405 and 433 under the Securities Act. 

(k) Statistical and Market-Related Data. Nothing has come to the
attention of the Company that has caused the Company to believe that the statistical and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is not based on or derived from sources that are reliable and
accurate in all material respects. 

(l) Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Deficiencies in or Changes to Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting. The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act),
which (i) comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act; (ii) have been designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Companys principal
executive officer and principal financial officer by others within those entities; and (iii) are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established. The Company maintains a system of internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to the Company and has been designed by the
Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or under their supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there have been no significant deficiencies or material
weaknesses in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Company is not aware of any change in its internal control over financial reporting that has occurred during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(m) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with
registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. 

(n) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could be expected to result in a
material adverse change, in (A) the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business, properties, operations, operating results, assets or liabilities, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business,
of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Subsidiaries), considered as one entity or (B) the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or perform its obligations hereunder (any such
change being referred to herein as a Material Adverse Change); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, including
without limitation any losses or interference with their business from fire, explosion, flood, earthquakes, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any strike, labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or
decree, that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, and have not entered into any transactions not in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) there has not been any
material decrease in the capital stock or any material increase in any short-term or long-term indebtedness of the Company or the Subsidiaries and there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company or,
except for dividends paid to the Company or other subsidiaries, by any of the Subsidiaries on any class of capital stock, or any repurchase or redemption by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries of any class of capital stock. 

(o) Independent Accountants. Ernst & Young LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements
(which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is (i) an independent registered public accounting firm as
required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), (ii) in compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and (iii) a registered public accounting firm as defined by the PCAOB whose registration has not been suspended or revoked
and who has not requested such registration to be withdrawn. 

(p) Financial Statements. The financial statements filed with the
Commission as a part of the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries (including NantCell, Inc.) as of the dates indicated and the results of
their operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be
expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and
has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus. The combined consolidated financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries and the related notes thereto included in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or the Prospectus present fairly the information contained
therein, have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines and have been properly presented on the bases described therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable
and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. 

(q)
Companys Accounting System. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries make and keep books and records and maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are
executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the
information called for in all material respects and is prepared in all material respects in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(r) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and
outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Base Prospectus or the
Prospectus or upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, in each case described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). The Common Stock (including the Shares) conform in all material respects to the
description thereof contained in the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus. All of the issued and outstanding Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with all
federal and state securities laws. None of the outstanding Common Stock was issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company, except for such rights
as have been duly waived. There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital
stock of the Company other than those described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and except for such rights as have been duly waived. The descriptions of the Companys stock option, stock bonus, stock
purchase and other stock or equity incentive plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus accurately and fairly presents the information
required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights. Except as described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, each Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the Company, directly or through other subsidiaries of the Company, free and clear of
any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity. 

(s) Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock is
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq), and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the
registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from Nasdaq, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or Nasdaq is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the
Companys knowledge, it is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq. 

(t) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or other applicable organizational document),
(ii) in violation of any statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their properties, or (iii) in default in the
performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
may be bound, except, in the case of the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii), for such defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 

(u) No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
Warrants, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, by the Warrants, and by the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and the issuance and sale of the Securities (including the use of proceeds from the
sale of the Securities as described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) will not conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of,
or constitute a default under, (A) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is bound or
to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, (B) the certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or other applicable organizational document) of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or (C) any
statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their properties, except, in the case of clauses (A) and (C), for such
defaults, breaches, or violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 

(v) No Material Actions or Proceedings. Other than as set forth in the Registration
Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no legal or governmental proceedings pending to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any officer or director of the Company, is a party or of
which any property or assets of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any officer or director of the Company, is the subject which, if determined adversely to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (or such
officer or director), would individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Change; and, to the Companys knowledge, no such proceedings are threatened by governmental authorities or others. 

(w) Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and the Subsidiaries own, possess or license adequate rights to use all material
trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names and other source identifiers, and all goodwill associated with the foregoing, inventions, patents, copyrights and copyrightable works, licenses, approvals, technology, know-how, trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures, and other intellectual property rights (including all registrations and applications
for registration of the foregoing, as applicable) (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) used in, held for use in or necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted and as proposed in the
Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or the Prospectus to be conducted. To the knowledge of the Company: (1) neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has materially infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the Intellectual
Property Rights of any third party, and (2) neither the manufacture of, nor the use or sale of, any of the Companys or the Subsidiaries product candidates described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
materially infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no
rights of third parties (including any Liens or encumbrances) to any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, there is no pending or threatened in writing action, suit, proceeding or claim by any third party (i) challenging the Companys or any of the Subsidiaries rights in or to, or alleging a violation of any of the
terms of, any of their owned or licensed Intellectual Property Rights; (ii) alleging that the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; or
(iii) challenging the validity, scope or enforceability of any Intellectual Property Rights owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, and in the case of each of (i), (ii) and (iii), the Company is unaware of
any facts that would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to the Companys knowledge, there is no material infringement,
misappropriation, breach or default, or other violation by others of any Intellectual Property Rights owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries. The Company and the Subsidiaries have at all times taken reasonable
steps in accordance with normal industry practice to maintain the confidentiality of all Intellectual Property Rights, the value of which to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is contingent upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. All founders, current and former employees, consultants, and other parties involved in the development of Intellectual Property Rights for the
Company and the Subsidiaries have signed confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with the Company or a Subsidiary pursuant to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries either (x) has obtained ownership of and is the exclusive
owner of such Intellectual Property Rights, or (y) has obtained a valid and unrestricted right to exploit such Intellectual Property Rights, sufficient for the conduct of the business as currently conducted and as proposed in the Registration
Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted, except where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 

(x) All Necessary Permits, etc. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company and each subsidiary possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations or permits required by state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted and as described
in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (Permits). Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of, or in default under, any of the Permits, or has received any notice of violation of or
default under or proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit. 

(y) Title to Properties. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good
and marketable title to all personal property owned by them (other than with respect to Intellectual Property Rights (as defined above), which for the avoidance of doubt is addressed exclusively in Section 3.1(x)), in each case free and clear
of all Liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus or such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and
proposed to be made of such property by the Company 

and the Subsidiaries; any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as
are not material and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and the Subsidiaries. 

(z) Tax Law Compliance. (i) The Company and each of the Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns
required to be filed or have requested extensions thereof and have paid all taxes required to be paid thereon (except for cases in which the failure to file such tax returns or pay such taxes would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Change), (ii) the Company and each of the Subsidiaries have no liability for unpaid taxes, except as currently being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by GAAP have been created in the financial statements of the Company
or where such liability would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change and (iii) no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries
has received written notice of, or has knowledge of, any tax deficiency that could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company or the Subsidiaries, in each case which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Change. 

(aa) Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment
for the Securities or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act) 

(bb) Insurance. Except as otherwise
disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or Prospectus, each of the Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by recognized, financially sound and reputable institutions with policies in such amounts and with such deductibles and
covering such risks as are generally deemed adequate and customary for their businesses including, but not limited to, policies covering real and personal property owned or leased by the Company and the Subsidiaries against theft, damage,
destruction, acts of vandalism and earthquakes and policies covering the Company and the Subsidiaries for product liability claims and clinical trial liability claims. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any of the Subsidiaries will not
be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost
that would not be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has been denied any insurance coverage which it has sought or for which it has applied except as
would not be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. 

(cc) Related Party Transactions.
No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, or stockholders of the Company, on the other, that is required by the Act to be described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus and that is not so described in such documents. There are no related-party transactions involving the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement,
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus which have not been described as required. 

(dd) FINRA Matters. Any letters, filings or other
supplemental information provided to Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) pursuant to FINRA Rules or NASD Conduct Rules is true, complete and correct. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act specified in FINRA Rule 5110(h)(1)(C). 

(ee) No Unlawful Contributions
or Other Payments. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary, has made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or
candidate for, any federal, state or foreign office in violation of any law or of the character required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(ff) Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company and the Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable
foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received
all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where
such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or 

approvals would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without
limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating
activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which would, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 

(gg) ERISA Compliance. Each employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) that the Company or any member of its Controlled Group (defined as any organization which is under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) sponsors or maintains (each, a Plan) has been maintained, in all material respects, in compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and
regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code. 

(hh) Brokers. Except as described in the Registration Statement,
Disclosure Package and Prospectus, the Company is not a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person that would give rise to a valid claim against the Company or any Underwriter for a brokerage commission, finders fee or
like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares. 

(ii) No Outstanding Loans or Other Extensions of Credit. The
Company does not have any outstanding extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company except for such extensions of credit as are expressly permitted by
Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. 

(jj) Compliance with Laws. The Company and the Subsidiaries have been and are in
compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, except where failure to be so in compliance could not be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(kk) Dividend Restrictions. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, no subsidiary of the
Company is prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying dividends to the Company, or from making any other distribution with respect to such subsidiarys equity securities or from repaying to the Company or any other subsidiary
of the Company any amounts that may from time to time become due under any loans or advances to such subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any property or assets to the Company or to any other subsidiary. 

(ll) Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any
director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries has (i) made, offered, promised or authorized any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other
unlawful expense or taken any act in furtherance thereof; (ii) made, offered, promised or authorized any direct or indirect unlawful payment; or (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977 (the FCPA), the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law. The Company and the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys affiliates, have
conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

(mm) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with the requirements of applicable anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT ACT of 2001, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the applicable
anti-money laundering laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Company and the Subsidiaries conduct business (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of the Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(nn) Regulatory Matters. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, the Company and each of
the Subsidiaries possess all licenses, sub-licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations (collectively, Authorizations) issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with,
the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are required for the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted and described in the
Registration Statement, Base Prospectus, Disclosure Package or Prospectus, including, without limitation, from the 

U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA), the European Medicines Agency (the EMA) or similar foreign, state, and local governmental or regulatory
authorities, including any government medical device regulatory agency or institutional review board (collectively, the Regulatory Authorities), such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect, and the Company is not in
violation of any such Authorizations, except, in each case, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change; and the Company has not received notice of any revocation of any such license,
sub-license, certificate, permit or authorization. 

(oo) Health Care Laws. Except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, the Company and each of the Subsidiaries (i) have operated and currently operate their respective businesses in compliance with all statutes, rules and regulations
applicable to them and their respective businesses, including, without limitation, (A) requirements governing investigational drugs and biologics under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and rules and regulations thereunder, including
regulations relating to Good Clinical Practices and Good Laboratory Practices for studies and tests that are submitted to regulatory authorities to support regulatory approvals, (B) the U.S. Animal Welfare Act and rules and regulations
thereunder, (C) the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the U.S. Civil
False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), all applicable federal, state, local and all foreign criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to the U.S. False Statements Law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(a)), 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws, the statutes, regulations and directives of applicable government funded or sponsored healthcare programs, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes; (D) the Standards for Privacy
of Individually Identifiable Health Information, the Security Standards, and the Standards for Electronic Transactions and Code Sets promulgated under HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C.
Section 17921 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof or any other law or regulation the purpose of which is to protect the privacy of
individuals or prescribers; (E) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, the regulations promulgated thereunder; (F) the U.S. Controlled Substances Act
(21 U.S.C. Section 801 et seq.); and (G) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, relating to the regulation of the Company and the ownership, testing, development, registration, licensure, manufacture,
packaging, processing, use, recordkeeping, filing of reports, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product or product candidate under development, manufactured or distributed
by or on behalf of the Company or such subsidiary (collectively, Applicable Laws), except where the failure to so operate or be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (ii) have not
received any FDA Form 483, written notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or written notice alleging or asserting material noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or Authorizations or otherwise providing
notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Regulatory Authority, any court or arbitrator or other governmental authority or agency; (iii) have not received any
recalls, field notifications, field corrections, market withdrawals, dear doctor letters, investigator notices, safety alerts or other notice of action relating to an alleged lack of safety, efficacy, or regulatory compliance of the
Companys products or product candidates; (iv) have filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any
Applicable Laws, that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a
subsequent submission) and no material deficiencies regarding compliance with applicable law have been asserted by any applicable Regulatory Authority with respect to any such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments; and (v) are not a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory
authority. 

(pp) Clinical Trials. (i) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus,
any preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, any preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted on behalf of the Company or the Subsidiaries or in which the
Company or the Subsidiaries have participated for the purposes of supporting a regulatory filing or application submitted to a Regulatory Authority, were, and if still pending, are, being conducted in all material respects in accordance with
approved study protocols and Applicable Laws, including those of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, to which the Company and the Subsidiaries are subject; (ii) the descriptions of the results of such studies,

tests and trials contained in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus are accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly present the data derived from such
studies, tests and trial; (iii) neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries have received any notices or correspondence from the FDA, any other Regulatory Authority or any other governmental agency, institutional review board, ethics
committee or other similar entity requiring, or would reasonably be expected to result in a requirement for, the termination, suspension or material modification of any studies, tests or preclinical or clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, nor is the Company aware of any facts that would form a reasonable basis for any such termination, suspension or modification; and (iv) except to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement,
Disclosure Package or Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any studies, tests or trials, the results of which the Company believes reasonably call into question the study, test or trial results described or referred to in the Registration
Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(qq) Certain FDA Matters. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor,
to the knowledge of the Company, any of its or any of the Subsidiaries officers, directors or managing employees (as defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a-5(b)), is or has been excluded, suspended or
debarred from participation in any Federal Health Care Program, (as defined at 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7(b)(f)), debarred by FDA or comparable authorities pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 335a or similar laws, or
made subject to any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action which could reasonably be expected to result in such exclusion, suspension or debarment. 

(rr) Manufacturing. The Companys manufacturing facilities and operations and, to the Companys knowledge, the manufacturing
facilities and operations of its suppliers, are operated in compliance in all material respects with all Applicable Laws. 

(ss)
Sanctions. None of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any
sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), or the U.S. Department of State and including, without
limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury, the United Nations Security Council, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
Sanctions), nor is the Company or any of the Subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions (including, without limitation, the
so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic and so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic or any other regions of Ukraine as may be identified by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, pursuant to Executive Order 14065, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria), and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Shares hereunder, or lend,
contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time
of such funding, is the subject or the target of Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise)
of Sanctions; and for the past five years, the Company and the Subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the
subject or target of Sanctions or with any sanctioned country. 

(tt) Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is in compliance, in all material
respects, with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(uu)
Cybersecurity. (i) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (x) to the Companys knowledge, there has been no material security breach or other material compromise of any of the
Companys or the Subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, or confidential, personally identifiable, or personal data (including any such data of their respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors or other third parties collected, processed, stored, maintained or otherwise used by or on behalf of the Company or the Subsidiaries) (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any material security breach or other material compromise to their IT Systems and Data; and (ii) the Company and the
Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices, except as would not, in the case of clauses (i) or (ii), individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change.

(vv) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at
all prior times were, in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, relating to the use, processing, privacy and
security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, including without limitation HIPAA, and the Company and the Subsidiaries have taken commercially
reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May 25, 2018, have been and currently are in compliance with, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the
Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their
policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, processing, and analysis of its IT Systems and Data (the Policies). The Company further certifies that neither
it nor any subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any
investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law. 

(ww) Disclosure. The statements set forth, or incorporated by reference, in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus under the caption Description of our Capital Stock, insofar as they purport to constitute a summary of the terms of the Common Stock, and under the captions Risk FactorsRisks Related to Government Regulation,
Risk FactorsRisks Related to Intellectual Property, Business of ImmunityBioIntellectual Property, Business of ImmunityBioGovernment Regulation, Business of ImmunityBioIntellectual
Property and Plan of Distribution, insofar as they purport to describe the provisions of the laws and documents referred to therein, are accurate, complete and fair in all material respects. 

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date): 

(a) Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and
when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable
principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or
indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the
Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date
on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act. 

(d) Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(e) Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the
opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the Companys public filings with the Commission and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its
financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can
acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. The Company and such Purchaser acknowledges that the Company and its officers, employees and agents have not
disclosed any non-public information to such Purchaser and such Purchaser has not requested such information be disclosed to it. (f) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than
consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales,
of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers
representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating
or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other
Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

ARTICLE IV. 

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1 Shares and Warrant Shares. The Shares shall be issued free of legends. If all or any portion of a Warrant is
exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares, or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be
issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the
sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall promptly notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall immediately notify such holders when the registration
statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in
compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares
effective for as long as any Warrants remain outstanding. 

4.2 Furnishing of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns
Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
pursuant to the Exchange Act, even if the Company is not the subject to the reporting requirements thereof. 

4.3 Integration. The Company shall not
sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of applicable rules
and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of
the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents required to be filed as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required
by the Exchange Act (the Form 8-K). From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents. In addition, effective upon the
issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of
each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party
with prior notice of such public statement or communication, or if such disclosure is consistent with the Form 8-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any
Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection
with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such
disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure. 

4.5 Shareholder Rights
Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by
virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. 

4.6 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company
covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The
Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers,
directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any
notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of
such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. 

4.7 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder
for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables and other liabilities arising in the ordinary course of the Companys
business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation that is inconsistent with the pending proposed settlement of litigation described in the
Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. 

4.8 Indemnification of
Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act),
and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling
persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable
attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this
Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such
Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the
Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally
judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall
promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized
by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any
material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company
will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the
extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the
other Transaction Documents. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof
the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Purchaser Party of a release from all liability in respect to such Covered action, and such settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Purchaser Party. The
indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, however, that if it
is subsequently determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that a Purchaser was not entitled to receive such periodic payments, such Purchaser shall promptly (but in no
event later than five (5) Business Days) return such payments to the Company. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any
liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 

4.9 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and
the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares
pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10 Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain
the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and
promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action
reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The
Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust
Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. 

4.11 Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No
consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered
to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to
treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise. 

4.12 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any
Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending
at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants
that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence
and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first
publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities
laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality
or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agents, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in
Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no
direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager
that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. 

4.13 Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise
included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their
Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

ARTICLE V. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated by (i) any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties
or (ii) by the Company by written notice to the Purchasers, in either case if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

5.2 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in
the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the
Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers. 

5.3 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been
merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted
to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as
set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the
extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiary, the Company shall simultaneously file
such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers. No
provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the
initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any
provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof except to the extent expressly
stated in such waiver, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately and adversely affects the rights and
obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5
shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company. 

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

5.7 Successors and Assigns. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers. 

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8. 

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be
commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in
such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or Proceeding. 

5.10 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities. 

5.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by
facsimile transmission, electronic mail, or otherwise by electronic transmission (including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g.,www.docusign.com) evidencing an intent to sign this Agreement, such
facsimile transmission, electronic mail or other electronic transmission shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf
signature page were an original thereof. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by facsimile transmission, electronic mail or other electronic transmission is legal, valid and binding for all purposes. 

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use
their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the
intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the
other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser
may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to 

time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in
the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate
exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored
right). 

5.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the
issuance of such replacement Securities. 

5.15 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law,
including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason
of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from,
disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause
of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had
not occurred. 

5.17 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under
any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled
to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and
Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other
Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. 

5.18 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is
a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or
other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled. 

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of
any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

5.20 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed
and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the
Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

5.21 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

IMMUNITYBIO, INC. 

Address for Notice:

3530 John Hopkins
Court

San Diego, CA 92121

By: /s/ Richard Adcock 

Name: Richard Adcock E-Mail:

Title: Chief Executive Officer Richard.Adcock@immunitybio.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.

12235 El Camino Real

San Diego, CA 92130

E-mail:mwaters@wsgr.com; bcapps@wsgr.com

Attention: Martin J. Waters and Benjamin Capps 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Steven Boyd 

Name of Authorized Signatory: Steven Boyd 

Title of Authorized
Signatory: CIO of Armistice Capital, LLC, the Investment Manager 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address for Delivery of
Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): 

Subscription Amount: $75,000,000.51 

Shares: 29,024,768 @ $2.584/unit 

Warrant Shares: 29,024,768 @
$3.101 strike Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99% 

EIN Number: 98-1058273 

Notwithstanding anything
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any
condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as
applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such
other party on the Closing Date. 

Exhibit A 

Form of Warrant 

[Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d943675dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

ImmunityBio Announces Execution of $75 Million Equity Financing with an Institutional Investor 

CULVER CITY, Calif., April 8, 2025 ImmunityBio, Inc. (NASDAQ: IBRX), a leading immunotherapy company, today
announced that it has executed financing to provide further working capital and support its ongoing business operations. The Company entered into a securities purchase agreement for a registered direct offering with a single institutional
investor, providing for the issuance of common stock of ImmunityBio as well as warrants for the purchase of additional shares of common stock of ImmunityBio that is expected to result in gross proceeds at closing of approximately $75 million
before deducting any offering-related expenses, subject to customary closing conditions. If fully exercised, the warrants could result in additional gross proceeds of up to approximately $90 million. 

The securities to be sold by the Company are offered under its automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3
(Registration No. 333-278770). A final prospectus supplement, which contains additional information relating to the offering, will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website
at www.sec.gov. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

About ImmunityBio 

ImmunityBio is a vertically-integrated
biotechnology company developing next-generation therapies and vaccines that bolster the natural immune system to defeat cancers and infectious diseases. The Companys range of immunotherapy and cell therapy platforms, alone and together, act
to drive and sustain an immune response with the goal of creating durable and safe protection against disease. Designated an FDA Breakthrough Therapy, ANKTIVA is the first FDA-approved immunotherapy for non-muscle invasive bladder cancer CIS that activates natural killer cells, T cells, and memory T cells for a long-duration response. The Company is applying its science and platforms to treating cancers, including
the development of potential cancer vaccines, as well as developing immunotherapies and cell therapies that we believe sharply reduce or eliminate the need for standard high-dose chemotherapy. These platforms and their associated product candidates
are designed to be more effective, accessible, and easily administered than current standards of care in oncology and infectious diseases. For more information, visit ImmunityBio.com (Founders Vision) and connect with us on X (Twitter),
Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements regarding
the timing and size of the proposed offering, the potential exercise of the warrants being offered and resulting additional proceeds to the Company, the anticipated closing of the equity financing described herein and use of proceeds to be received
from such financing, the application of the Companys science and platforms to treat cancers or develop cancer vaccines, immunotherapies and cell therapies that reduce or eliminate the need for standard high-dose chemotherapy. Statements
in this press release that are not statements of historical fact are considered forward-looking statements, which are usually identified by the use of words such as anticipates, believes, continues,
goal, could, estimates, scheduled, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, indicate, projects,
seeks, should, will, strategy, and variations of such words or similar expressions. Statements of past performance, efforts, or results of our preclinical and clinical trials, about which inferences or
assumptions may be made, can also be forward-looking statements and are not indicative of future performance or results. Forward-looking statements are neither forecasts, promises nor guarantees, and are based on the current beliefs of
ImmunityBios management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to ImmunityBio. Such information may be limited or incomplete, and ImmunityBios statements should not be read to indicate that it has
conducted a thorough inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. Such statements reflect the current views of ImmunityBio with respect to future events and are subject to known and unknown risks, including
business, regulatory, economic and competitive risks, uncertainties, contingencies and assumptions about ImmunityBio, including, without limitation, (i) whether the equity financing transaction described herein will close on the timeline
anticipated, if at all, (ii) those related to the regulatory submission, filing and review process and the timing thereof, (iii) the ability of ImmunityBio to fund its ongoing and anticipated clinical trials, (iv) whether
clinical trials will result in registrational pathways, (v) whether clinical trial data will be accepted by regulatory agencies, (vi) the ability of ImmunityBio to continue its planned preclinical and clinical development of its
development programs through itself and/or its investigators, and the timing and success of any such continued preclinical and clinical development, patient enrollment and planned regulatory submissions, (vii) potential delays in product
availability, regulatory approvals, and reimbursement decisions, (viii) ImmunityBios ability to retain and hire key personnel, (ix) ImmunityBios ability to obtain additional financing to fund its operations and complete the
development and commercialization of its various product candidates, (x) potential product shortages or manufacturing disruptions that may impact the availability and timing of product, (xi) ImmunityBios ability to successfully
commercialize its approved product and product candidates, (xii) ImmunityBios ability to scale its manufacturing and commercial supply operations for its approved product and future approved products, and (xiii) ImmunityBios
ability to obtain, maintain, 

-2- 

protect, and enforce patent protection and other proprietary rights for its product candidates and technologies. More details about these and other risks that may impact ImmunityBios
business are described under the heading Risk Factors in the Companys Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 3, 2025, and in subsequent filings
made by ImmunityBio with the SEC, which are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. ImmunityBio cautions you not to place undue reliance on any forward looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. ImmunityBio does not
undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement or other information in this press release, except to the extent required by law. 

Contacts:

Investors 

Hemanth Ramaprakash, PhD, MBA 

+1-858-746-9289

Hemanth.Ramaprakash@ImmunityBio.com 

Media 

Sarah Singleton 

+1-415-290-8045

Sarah.Singleton@ImmunityBio.com 

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ibrx-20250407.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ibrx-20250407_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ibrx-20250407_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g943675g0408083746194.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001326110

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 07, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ImmunityBio, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-37507

Entity Tax Identification Number 43-1979754

Entity Address, Address Line One 3530 John Hopkins Court

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (844)

Local Phone Number 696-5235

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol IBRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.immunitybio.com//20250407/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d943675d8k.htm 
ibrx-20250407.xsd 
ibrx-20250407_lab.xml 
ibrx-20250407_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-075102-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d943675d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001326110 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

false 
0001326110 
8-K 
2025-04-07 
ImmunityBio, Inc. 
DE 
001-37507 
43-1979754 
3530 John Hopkins Court 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(844) 
696-5235 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
IBRX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>