<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030650.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030650.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401172110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030650
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUDIOEYE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001362190
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38640
		FILM NUMBER:		25800953

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5210 E. WILLIAMS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 750
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85711
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-331-5324

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5210 E. WILLIAMS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 750
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85711
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511082d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000136219000013621902025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): March 31, 2025

AUDIOEYE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
charter)

Delaware 001-38640 20-2939845

State of Other Jurisdiction of 

Incorporation Commission File Number IRS Employer Identification No.

5210 E. Williams Circle, Suite 750

Tucson, Arizona85711

(Address of principal executive offices / Zip Code)

(866) 331-5324

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form
8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share AEYE The NasdaqCapital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 31, 2025, AudioEye, Inc. (the Company) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, ADA Site Compliance, LLC and Criterion
508 Solutions, Inc. (together with the Company, individually and collectively, jointly and severally, Borrower), entered
into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement) with Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation (the Lender).

The
Loan Agreement provides for a (i) term loan facility, comprising of a $12.0 million term loan advance (the Term A Advance)
funded on March 31, 2025, and subsequent term loan advances at the Borrowers request within the Draw Period (March 31,
2025 through March 31, 2026) subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, in a minimum amount of $1.0 million and an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5.0 million (the Term B Advances and together with the Term A Advance, the Term
Advances); and (ii) revolving line of credit in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $3.0 million (the Revolving
Facility). The Term Advances and the Revolving Facility have a maturity date of March 31, 2030.

Proceeds from the Term Advances and the Revolving Facility may be used (a) to repay the Borrower's outstanding liabilities and obligations
to SG Credit Partners under its existing debt; (b) for working capital or general corporate purposes to fund general business requirements
(except that proceeds from the Revolving Facility may not be used for earn-out payments or other deferred considerations related to acquisitions,
or for stock buy-backs); and (c) subject to the Lender's consent, for future acquisitions. 

The
outstanding Term Advances and the Revolving Facility bear interest on the outstanding daily balance at a floating rate equal to 3.25%
above the term SOFR rate, which is defined as greater of (i) 2.30% and (ii) the 1-month Term SOFR Reference Rate.

For
each Term Advance, Borrower is obligated to pay interest-only payments with respect to such Term Advance through the day before the Term
Loan Amortization Date, which is April 10, 2026. Beginning on the Term Loan Amortization Date, Borrower shall repay each outstanding
Term Advance in (i) quarterly principal payments in an amount equal to the Repayment Installment (as defined in the Loan Agreement),
payable on the tenth (10th) day of each calendar quarter, plus (ii) monthly payments of accrued interest, payable on the tenth (10th)
day of each month. Borrowers final payment for each Term Advance, due on March 31, 2030, shall include all outstanding principal
and accrued and unpaid interest under such Term Advance. Once repaid, the Term Advances may not be reborrowed. The interest on the Revolving
Facility is payable monthly with the principal outstanding amount due at maturity. The Borrowers also paid facility fees equal to
a total amount of $50,000 on the closing date.

The
Borrowers provided a first priority security interest in all existing and future acquired assets owned by the Borrowers. The Loan Agreement
contains certain customary covenants that limit the Borrowers ability to engage in certain transactions. The Loan Agreement also
contains customary indemnification obligations and customary events of default, including, among other things, (i) non-payment, (ii) breach
of warranty, (iii) non-performance of covenants and obligations, (iv) default on other indebtedness, (v) judgments,
(vi) change of control, (vii) bankruptcy and insolvency and (viii) impairment of assets.

In
addition, the Borrower must maintain at all times from the closing date through and including the calendar quarter ended June 30,
2026, (a) unrestricted and unencumbered cash (other than Liens in favor of Lender under the Loan Agreement) held in accounts in the
name of Borrower at the Lender equal to at least $3.0 million measured as of the last day of each calendar month, and (b) a ratio
of certain total committed debt to its Annual Recurring Revenue between 0.70 to 0.55, depending on the testing date, measured as of the
last day of each calendar quarter. During the period of time commencing on September 30, 2026, and continuing through and including
March 31, 2030, Borrower shall maintain (a) a ratio of its aggregate funded indebtedness to its adjusted EBITDA for the prior
twelve months of no greater than (i) 2.50 to 1.00 for the calendar quarters commencing September 30, 2026 through and including
June 30, 2027, and (ii) 2.00 to 1.00 at all times thereafter, in each case measured as of the last day of each calendar quarter.
and (b) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 1.50 to 1.00.

There are no material
relationships between the Company and the Lender, other than in respect of the Loan Agreement.

The foregoing description
of the Loan Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such document, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02 Termination of
a Material Definitive Agreement.

In
connection with the entry into the Loan Agreement, the Company used the proceeds from the Term A Advance provided thereunder to repay
in full all indebtedness, liabilities and other obligations outstanding under, and terminated, the Loan and Security Agreement dated November 30,
2023, among the Company and SG Credit Partners, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Prior Loan Agreement), which provided
for a $7.0 million term loan. On March 31, 2025, the Prior Loan Agreement had an outstanding balance of approximately $7.3 million,
which was repaid in full on that date.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet of a Registrant.

The disclosure required
by this Item is included in Item 1.01, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit 

Number Description

10.1 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among the Company, ADA Site Compliance, LLC, Criterion 508 Solutions, Inc.
and Western Alliance Bank.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

April 1, 2025 AudioEye, Inc.

(Registrant)

By /s/ Kelly Georgevich

Name: Kelly Georgevich

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511082d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AUDIOEYE, INC.,
A DELAWARE CORPORATION, ADA SITE COMPLIANCE, LLC, A DELAWARE

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AND CRITERION 508 SOLUTIONS, INC., AN IOWA
CORPORATION

WESTERN
ALLIANCE BANK, an arizona corporation

LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

This Loan
And Security Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of March 31, 2025, by and among (a) Western
Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation (Bank) and (b) (i) AUDIOEYE, INC.,
a Delaware corporation (AudioEye), (ii) ADA SITE COMPLIANCE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(ADA), and (iii) CRITERION 508 SOLUTIONS, INC., an Iowa corporation (Criterion, together
with AudioEye and ADA, individually and collectively, jointly and severally, Borrower).

Recitals

Borrower wishes to obtain
credit from time to time from Bank, and Bank desires to extend credit to Borrower. This Agreement sets forth the terms on which Bank will
advance credit to Borrower, and Borrower will repay the amounts owing to Bank.

Agreement

The parties agree as follows:

1. Definitions
and Construction.

1.1 Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions:

Accounts means
all presently existing and hereafter arising accounts, contract rights, payment intangibles, and all other forms of obligations owing
to Borrower arising out of the sale or lease of goods (including, without limitation, the licensing of software and other technology)
or the rendering of services by Borrower, whether or not earned by performance, and any and all credit insurance, guaranties, and other
security therefor, as well as all merchandise returned to or reclaimed by Borrower and Borrowers Books relating to any of the foregoing.

Acquisition
is any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the Closing Date, by which Borrower (a) acquires
any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or
(b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a
majority (in number of votes) of the equity interests of a Person which has ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other
similar management personnel of a Person (other than equity interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
or a majority of the outstanding equity interests of a Person.

ADA has the
meaning set forth in the preamble.

ADA Indebtedness
is defined in clause (d)(i) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness.

Adjusted EBIDA
means, with respect to any period of determination, EBDA (without duplication) plus (a) interest expense, as determined in accordance
with GAAP, minus (b) (i) capital expenditures, (ii) capitalized software expenses and (iii) cash settlements of equity
awards.

Adjusted EBITDA
means, with respect to any period of determination, EBDA (without duplication) plus (a) (i) interest expense, plus (ii) income
tax expense, each as determined in accordance with GAAP, minus (b) (i) capital expenditures, (ii) capitalized software
expenses and (iii) cash settlements of equity awards.

Advance or Advances
means a cash advance or cash advances under the Revolving Line.

Affiliate means,
with respect to any Person, any Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly such Person, any Person that controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person, and each of such Persons senior executive officers, directors, and partners.

Agreement has
the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Annual Recurring Revenue
is, for any date of determination, the sum of (a) for the Borrowers Enterprise Channel, the total of the annualized recurring
fee recognized in accordance with GAAP under each active Contract at the date of determination, plus (b) for the Borrowers
Partner and Marketplace Channel, the annual or monthly recurring fee (annualized) recognized in accordance with GAAP for all active customers
as of the day of determination, in each case assuming no changes to the subscription.

AudioEye has
the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Availability Amount
means the Revolving Line, minus the outstanding principal balance of any Advances.

Bank has the
meaning set forth in the preamble.

Bank Expenses
means all: reasonable and documented costs or expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses) incurred
in connection with the preparation, negotiation, administration, and enforcement of the Loan Documents; reasonable and documented Collateral
audit fees; and Banks reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses incurred in amending, enforcing, or defending
the Loan Documents (including fees and expenses of appeal), incurred before, during, and after an Insolvency Proceeding, whether or not
suit is brought or any other Event of Default.

Benchmark Replacement
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR Rate.

Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR Rate.

Borrower has
the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Borrowers Books
means all of Borrowers books and records including: ledgers; records concerning Borrowers assets or liabilities, the Collateral,
business operations, or financial condition; and all computer programs, or tape files, and the equipment, containing such information.

Business Day
means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or other days on which banks in the State of California are authorized or required to close.

Change in Control
shall mean (i) a transaction in which any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), other than David Moradi, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50.0%) of the shares
of all classes of stock or other equity securities, as applicable, then outstanding of AudioEye ordinarily entitled to vote in the election
of directors, empowering such person or group to elect a majority of the board of directors of AudioEye, who
did not have such power before such transaction or (ii) AudioEye no longer owns one hundred percent (100.0%) of any other Borrower
except pursuant to a transaction otherwise permitted by this Agreement or to the extent consented to in writing by Bank in its sole discretion.

Closing Date
means the date of this Agreement.

Code means the
California Uniform Commercial Code, as amended from time to time.

Collateral means
the property described on Exhibit A attached hereto.

Committed
Debt means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00), plus (ii) any
indebtedness in connection with earn-out payments, contingent considerations, or deferred payment obligations, including the ADA Indebtedness
as reflected as a contingent liability in Borrowers publicly filed financial statements on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K from
time to time.

Committed Debt to ARR
Ratio means, as of any date of determination, (i) the aggregate Committed Debt divided by (ii) Borrowers
Annual Recurring Revenue.

2

Community Bank Account
means that certain account of Borrower maintained with Community State Bank ending *******364.

Contingent Obligation
means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to (i) any
indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit, or other obligation of another; (ii) any obligations with respect to undrawn letters
of credit, corporate credit cards, or merchant services issued or provided for the account of that Person; and (iii) all obligations
arising under any agreement or arrangement designed to protect such Person against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates
or commodity prices; provided, however, that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements
for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount
equal to the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated
or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by Bank in good faith; provided,
however, that such amount shall not in any event exceed the maximum amount of the obligations under the guarantee or other support
arrangement.

Contracts means
subscription license contracts, maintenance contracts, and support contracts of Borrower.

Control Agreement
means any control agreement entered into among the depository institution at which Borrower maintains a deposit account or the securities
intermediary or commodity intermediary at which Borrower maintains a securities account or a commodity account, Borrower, and Bank pursuant
to which Bank obtains control (within the meaning of the Code) over any such account.

Copyrights means
any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations, and like protections in each work or authorship and derivative
work thereof.

Credit Extension
means each Advance, each Term Advance, or any other extension of credit by Bank for the benefit of Borrower hereunder.

Credit Extension Request
Form is that certain form, in the form substantially set forth in Exhibit B hereto.

Criterion has
the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Criterion Indebtedness
is defined in clause (d)(ii) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness.

Current Assets
means, as of any applicable date, all amounts that should, in accordance with GAAP, be included as current assets on the consolidated
balance sheet of Borrower (calculated on a consolidated basis with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries).

Current Liabilities
means, as of any applicable date, all amounts that should, in accordance with GAAP, be included as current liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheet of Borrower (calculated on a consolidated basis with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries), as at such date, plus, to
the extent not already included therein, all outstanding Credit Extensions made under this Agreement.

Daily Balance
means the amount of the Obligations owed at the end of a given day.

Division means,
in reference to any Person which is an entity, the division of such Person into two (2) or more separate Persons, with the dividing
Person either continuing or terminating its existence as part of such division, including, without limitation, as contemplated under Section 18-217
of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act for limited liability companies formed under Delaware law, or any analogous action taken
pursuant to any other applicable law with respect to any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity.

Draw Period
means the period of time commencing upon the Closing Date and continuing through March 31, 2026.

3

EBDA means,
with respect to any period of determination, Borrowers and its Subsidiaries Net Income; plus (without duplication) (i) depreciation
and amortization, plus (ii) non-cash expenses and charges deemed by Bank to be extraordinary, plus (iii) non-cash stock compensation,
loss on disposal or impairment of long-lived assets and valuation adjustment to liabilities, plus (iv) any out-of-pocket fees and
expenses of Borrower related to any Acquisitions, minus all non-cash gains, non-recurring gains, and extraordinary gains increasing EBDA
deemed by Bank to be extraordinary or non-recurring, each as determined in accordance with GAAP.

Enterprise Channel
means (a) Borrowers Enterprise channel, which generally speaking, consists of Borrowers larger customers and organizations,
including those with non-platform custom websites, who generally engage directly with Borrowers sales personnel for custom pricing
and solutions (which channel also includes federal, state and local government agencies) and revenue attributable to ADA Site Compliance
and (b) any other channel of Borrower other than the Partner and Marketplace Channel.

ERISA means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.

Event of Default
has the meaning assigned in Article 8.

Excess Cash Flow
means, for any fiscal year, calculated on a consolidated basis with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, Borrowers (a) Adjusted
EBITDA, minus (b) the sum of the following, to the extent actually paid in cash during such fiscal period, without duplication:
(i) all taxes paid (or required to be paid), (ii) cash interest expenses, (iii) mandatory debt principal amortization payments,
(iv) without duplication of (iii), other payments constituting the current portion of long-term debt, (v) Permitted Stock Buybacks
and any additional stock buybacks approved by Bank in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, (vi) deferred payments or earn-out
payments related to the ADA Indebtedness, the Criterion Indebtedness or in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, and (vii) any
out-of-pocket fees and expenses of Borrower related to any Acquisitions, plus or minus (c) the change, if any, in Working
Capital for such period.

Facility Fees
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b) hereof.

Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio means, as of any date of determination, (a) (i) (A) Adjusted EBIDA as of the last day of such trailing calendar
quarter, multiplied by (B) four (4), minus (ii) Permitted Stock Buybacks as of the last day of such trailing twelve (12) month
period, divided by (b) (i) (A) interest payments made by Borrower under this Agreement during the trailing
calendar quarter, multiplied by (B) four (4), plus (ii) the current portion of long-term debt and any current portion of any
indebtedness in connection with earn-out payments, deferred payments or contingent considerations, including the ADA Indebtedness and
Criterion Indebtedness.

Funded Debt
means, at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (calculated on a consolidated
basis with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries) at such date, determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding any liabilities referred
to in clause (d) of the definition of Indebtedness. For the avoidance of doubt, Funded Debt shall include any indebtedness
in connection with earn-out payments, contingent considerations, or deferred payment obligations as reflected as a contingent liability
in Borrowers publicly filed financial statements on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K from time to time.

Future Earnout Indebtedness
is defined in clause (d)(iii) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness.

GAAP means generally
accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time.

Governmental Approval
means any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice,
of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority.

Governmental Authority
is any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body,
court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory, or administrative functions of or
pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization.

4

Guarantor is
any Person providing a Guaranty in favor of Bank.

Guaranty is
any guarantee of all or any part of the Obligations, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented.

Guaranty Documents
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.10 hereof.

Indebtedness
means (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services, including, without limitation,
reimbursement and other obligations with respect to surety bonds and letters of credit, (b) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds,
debentures or similar instruments, (c) all capital lease obligations and (d) all Contingent Obligations.

Insolvency Proceeding
means any proceeding commenced by or against any person or entity under any provision of the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended,
or under any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions,
extension generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief.

Intellectual Property
Collateral means all of Borrowers right, title, and interest in and to the following: Copyrights, Trademarks, and Patents;
all trade secrets, all design rights, claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of the rights included
above, all licenses or other rights to use any of the Copyrights, Patents, or Trademarks, and all license fees and royalties arising from
such use to the extent permitted by such license or rights; all amendments, renewals, and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks,
or Patents; and all proceeds and products of the foregoing, including, without limitation, all payments under insurance or any indemnity
or warranty payable in respect of any of the foregoing.

Inventory means
all inventory in which Borrower has or acquires any interest, including work in process and finished products intended for sale or lease
or to be furnished under a contract of service, of every kind and description now or at any time hereafter owned by or in the custody
or possession, actual or constructive, of Borrower, including such inventory as is temporarily out of its custody or possession or in
transit and including any returns upon any accounts or other proceeds, including insurance proceeds, resulting from the sale or disposition
of any of the foregoing and any documents of title representing any of the above, and Borrowers Books relating to any of the foregoing.

Investment means
any beneficial ownership of (including stock, partnership interest, or other securities) any Person, or any loan, advance, or capital
contribution to any Person.

IP Security Agreement
means that certain intellectual property security agreement by and between Borrower and Bank dated as of the Closing Date, as amended,
modified, supplemented, and/or restated form time-to-time.

IRC means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.

Leverage Ratio
means, the ratio, of (a) the aggregate Funded Debt on any date of determination, divided by (b) Adjusted EBITDA
for the trailing (12) month period ending as of such date of determination.

Lien means any
mortgage, lien, deed of trust, charge, pledge, security interest, or other encumbrance.

Liquidity means,
as of any date of determination, (i) unrestricted and unencumbered cash held in accounts in the name of Borrower at Bank, plus (ii) the
unused portion of the Availability Amount.

5

Loan Documents
means, collectively, this Agreement, the IP Security Agreement, any Control Agreement, any agreements related to letters of credit, any
subordination/intercreditor agreements, any pledge or security agreements, any note or notes executed by Borrower or any other Person,
and any other agreement, instrument or document entered into in connection with this Agreement, all as amended, restated, supplemented,
or otherwise modified or extended from time to time.

Material Adverse Effect
means a material adverse effect on (i) the business operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of Borrower to repay the Obligations or otherwise perform its obligations under the Loan Documents
or (iii) the value or priority of Banks security interests in the Collateral.

Monthly Recurring
Revenue means Annual Recurring Revenue as of the end of such measurement period divided by twelve.

Negotiable Collateral
means all letters of credit of which Borrower is a beneficiary, notes, drafts, instruments, securities, documents of title, and chattel
paper, and Borrowers Books relating to any of the foregoing.

Net Income means
income after taxes and all other appropriate deductions from revenue according to GAAP.

Obligations
means all debt, principal, interest, the Facility Fees, Bank Expenses, and other amounts owed to Bank by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement,
the Loan Documents, or any other agreement, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing, or hereafter arising,
including any interest that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding and including any debt, liability, or obligation
owing from Borrower to others that Bank may have obtained by assignment or otherwise.

Partner and Marketplace
Channel means Borrowers Partner and Marketplace channel, which consists of Borrowers Content
Management System partners, platform & agency partners, authorized resellers and our marketplace and serves small and
medium sized businesses who are on a partner or reseller's web-hosting platform or who purchase Borrowers solution from Borrowers
marketplace.

Patents means
all patents, patent applications, and like protections, including, without limitation, improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals,
reissues, extensions, and continuations-in-part of the same.

Periodic Payments
means all installments or similar recurring payments that Borrower may now or hereafter become obligated to pay to Bank pursuant to the
terms and provisions of any instrument, or agreement now or hereafter in existence between Borrower and Bank.

Permitted Acquisition
means any Permitted Term B Acquisition and any other acquisitions consented to by Bank in writing in its sole and absolute discretion.

Permitted Bank Accounts
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(a) hereof.

Permitted Indebtedness
means:

(a) Indebtedness
of Borrower in favor of Bank arising under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;

(b) Indebtedness
existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in the Schedule;

(c) Indebtedness
secured by a lien described in clause (c) of the defined term Permitted Liens, provided (i) such Indebtedness
does not exceed the lesser of the cost or fair market value of the equipment financed with such Indebtedness and (ii) such Indebtedness
does not exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) in the aggregate at any given time;

(d) Indebtedness
consisting of contingent consideration, earn-out payments and working capital adjustments (i) in connection with the acquisition
of ADA (the ADA Indebtedness), (ii) in connection with the acquisition of Criterion (the Criterion
Indebtedness) and (iii) in connection with any Permitted Acquisition (Future Earnout Indebtedness);
provided that, ADA Indebtedness and Criterion Indebtedness with respect to working capital adjustments shall not exceed Four Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($400,000.00) in the aggregate at any time;

6

(e) unsecured
Indebtedness with respect to corporate credit cards and merchant services with financial institutions other than Bank, provided that the
aggregate amount outstanding of all such unsecured Indebtedness shall not exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) at any time;

(f) Indebtedness
consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business;

(g) Indebtedness
consisting of the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business, provided that Indebtedness in connection with such
financing arrangements does not exceed Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000.00) at any time;

(h) unsecured
Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business; and

(i) Subordinated
Debt.

Permitted Investment
means:

(a) Investments
existing on the Closing Date disclosed in the Schedule;

(b) Investments
(i) among Borrowers, (ii) among Subsidiaries that are not Borrowers, (iii) by a Subsidiary that is not a Borrower in a
Borrower, provided that if the Investment constitutes Indebtedness of the applicable Borrower to such Subsidiary, such Indebtedness shall
be subject to an intercompany subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Bank;

(c) Investments
consisting of repurchases of equity interests permitted pursuant to Section 7.6;

(d) Investments
consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of Borrower;

(e) Investments
(including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement
of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;

(f) Investments
consisting of Permitted Stock Buybacks;

(g) Investments
consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates,
in the ordinary course of business; provided that this paragraph (g) shall not apply to Investments of Borrower in any Subsidiary;

(h) Investments
consisting of deposit or securities accounts (but only to the extent that Borrower is permitted to maintain such accounts pursuant to
Section 6.7 of this Agreement) in which, to the extent required pursuant to Section 6.7, Bank has a first priority perfected
security interest to the extent required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement;

(i) (i) marketable
direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States of America or any agency or any State thereof maturing within
one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof, (ii) commercial paper maturing no more than one (1) year from the date
of creation thereof and currently having rating of at least A-2 or P-2 from either Standard & Poors Corporation or
Moodys Investors Service, (iii) certificates of deposit maturing no more than one (1) year from the date of investment
therein issued by Bank and (iv) Banks money market accounts;

7

(j) Investments
in Permitted Acquisitions; and

(k) other
Investments not otherwise permitted by Section 7.7 not exceeding One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) in the aggregate at any
time.

Permitted Liens
means the following:

(a) any
Liens existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in the Schedule or arising under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;

(b) Liens
for taxes, fees, assessments, or other governmental charges or levies, either not delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings, provided the same have no priority over any of Banks security interests;

(c) Liens
(i) upon or in any equipment which was not financed by Bank, acquired or held by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the
purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such equipment, or (ii) existing
on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements
thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment;

(d) Liens
incurred in connection with the extension, renewal, or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clauses
(a) through (c) above, provided that any extension, renewal, or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered
by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the indebtedness being extended, renewed, or refinanced does not increase;

(e) Liens
of carriers, warehousemen, suppliers, or other Persons that are possessory in nature arising in the ordinary course of business so long
as such Liens attach only to Inventory, securing liabilities in the aggregate amount not to exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00)
and which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings,
which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject thereto;

(f) Liens
to secure payment of workers compensation, employment insurance, old-age pensions, social security, and other like obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA);

(g) leases
or subleases of real property granted in the ordinary course of Borrowers business (or, if referring to another Person, in the
ordinary course of such Persons business), and leases, subleases, non-exclusive licenses, or sublicenses of personal property granted
in the ordinary course of Borrowers business (or, if referring to another Person, in the ordinary course of such Persons
business), if the leases, subleases, licenses, and sublicenses do not prohibit granting Bank a security interest therein;

(h) non-exclusive
licenses of Intellectual Property granted to third parties in the ordinary course of business;

(i) Liens
in favor of other financial institutions arising in connection with a Borrowers deposit and/or securities accounts held at such
institutions, provided that (i) Bank has a first priority perfected security interest in the amounts held in such deposit and/or
securities accounts, and (ii) such accounts are permitted to be maintained pursuant to Section 6.7 of this Agreement;

(j) statutory
or common law (non-contractual) Liens of landlords;

8

(k) Liens
covering Borrowers insurance policies securing obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000.00),
in connection with any insurance premium financing described in clause (f) of the defined term Permitted Indebtedness;
and

(l) Liens
arising from attachments or judgments, orders or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Sections 8.4 and
8.7.

Permitted Stock Buybacks
means repurchases of Borrowers stock in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Permitted Stock Buyback Amount for such fiscal year
of Borrower, provided that (i) an Event of Default does not exist at the time of any such repurchase, and would not exist after giving
effect to any such repurchase and (ii) Borrower has delivered evidence, satisfactory to Bank in its sole and absolute discretion,
that Borrowers Liquidity at the time of any such repurchase, and after giving effect to any such repurchase, is at least Five Million
Dollars ($5,000,000.00).

Permitted Stock Buyback
Amount means an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00) for Borrowers 2025 fiscal
year, and (ii) Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00) for Borrowers 2026 fiscal year and each fiscal year thereafter.

Permitted Stripe Account
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(a) hereof.

Permitted Term B Acquisition
means a transaction in form and substance acceptable to Bank in all respects and consented to in writing by Bank, whereby Borrower uses
proceeds from a Term B Advance to finance an Acquisition.

Person means
any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association,
corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity, or governmental agency.

Repayment Installment
means, (a) with respect to the period commencing on the Term Loan Amortization Date through and including April 10, 2027 (i) (A) the
aggregate principal amount of Term Advances outstanding as of the Term Loan Amortization Date, multiplied by (B) five percent (5.0%),
divided by (ii) four (4), (b) with respect to the period commencing on May 10, 2027 through and including April 10,
2028 (i) (A) the aggregate principal amount of Term Advances outstanding as of the Term Loan Amortization Date, multiplied
by (B) five percent (5.0%), divided by (ii) four (4), (c) with respect to the period commencing on May 10, 2028 through
and including April 10, 2029 (i) (A) the aggregate principal amount of Term Advances outstanding as of the Term Loan
Amortization Date, multiplied by (B) five percent (5.0%), divided by (ii) four (4), and (d) with respect to the period
commencing on May 10, 2029 through and including March 31, 2030 (i) (A) the aggregate principal amount of
Term Advances outstanding as of the Term Loan Amortization Date, multiplied by (B) five percent (5.0%), divided by (ii) four
(4).

Responsible Officer
means each of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, and the Controller of Borrower.

Revolving Facility
means the facility under which Borrower may request Bank to issue Advances, as specified in Section 2.1(a) hereof.

Revolving Line
means a credit extension of up to Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00).

Revolving Line Facility
Fees has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b) hereof.

Revolving Maturity
Date means March 31, 2030.

Schedule means
the schedule of exceptions attached hereto and approved by Bank, if any.

Shares means
one hundred percent (100.00%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units, or other securities owned or held of record
by Borrower in any Subsidiary of Borrower.

9

Subordinated Debt
means any debt incurred by Borrower that is subordinated to the debt owing by Borrower to Bank on terms acceptable to Bank (and identified
as being such by Borrower and Bank), pursuant to a subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.

Subsidiary means
any corporation, company or partnership in which (i) any general partnership interest or (ii) more than fifty percent (50%)
of the stock or other units of ownership which by the terms thereof has the ordinary voting power to elect the board of directors, managers
or trustees of the entity, at the time as of which any determination is being made, is owned by Borrower, either directly or through an
Affiliate.

Term A Advance
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b)(i).

Term B Advance
and Term B Advances each have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b)(i).

Term Advance Facility
Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a) hereof.

Term Loan Amortization
Date means April 10, 2026.

Term Loan Maturity
Date is March 31, 2030.

Term SOFR has
the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR Rate.

Term SOFR Rate
means the greater of (a) 2.30% and (b) the 1-month Term SOFR Reference Rate (Term SOFR) which is published
for loans in United States Dollars by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited and is obtained by Bank from Bloomberg Financial Services
Systems with the code TSFR1M (or, if no longer available, any similar or successor publication selected by Bank). The Term SOFR Rate shall
initially be determined on the date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days immediately before the date of this Agreement
and shall thereafter be adjusted monthly on the first day of each calendar month to be the Term SOFR determined by Bank to be in effect
on the date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of each calendar month. U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities.

If Bank determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that either of the following has occurred: (i) Term SOFR ceases to exist
or is no longer available; or (ii) a public announcement by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of Term SOFR, or a determination
made by Bank, that Term SOFR is no longer representative, then commencing on the next reset date, the interest rate hereunder shall be
replaced with such alternate base rate and spread (collectively, Benchmark Replacement) as Bank determines in its
sole discretion to be most comparable to the then-current interest rate. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to this section
would be less than 2.30%, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 2.30% for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

In connection with the implementation
of a Benchmark Replacement, Bank will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
will become effective without any further action or consent of Borrower. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes, such as changes to the definitions
of Business Day, Interest Period, or timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest,
that Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration
thereof in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Bank decides that adoption of any portion of such market
practice is not administratively feasible or if Bank determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement
exists, in such other manner of administration as Bank decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents).

10

Testing Period A
is the period of time commencing on the Closing Date, and continuing through and including the calendar quarter ended June 30, 2026.

Testing Period B
is the period of time commencing on September 30, 2026, and continuing through and including March 31, 2030.

Trademarks means
any trademark and servicemark rights, whether registered or not, applications to register and registrations of the same and like protections,
and the entire goodwill of the business of Borrower connected with and symbolized by such trademarks.

Transfer has
the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Transition Period
is the period of time commencing on the Closing Date and continuing through the earliest to occur of (i) July 29, 2025, or (ii) an
Event of Default.

Working Capital
means, at a particular date, the excess, if any, of Current Assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) over Current Liabilities at such
date.

1.2 Accounting
Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, and all calculations made
hereunder shall be made in accordance with GAAP. When used herein, the terms financial statements shall include the notes
and schedules thereto.

2. Loan
and Terms of Payment.

2.1 Credit
Extensions.

Borrower promises to pay to
the order of Bank, in lawful money of the United States of America, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Credit Extensions made
by Bank to Borrower hereunder. Borrower shall also pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of such Credit Extensions at rates in accordance
with the terms hereof.

(a) Revolving
Advances.

(i) Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Borrower may request Advances in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed
the Availability Amount. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) may
be repaid and reborrowed at any time prior to the Revolving Maturity Date, at which time all Advances under this Section 2.1(a) shall
be immediately due and payable. Borrower may prepay any Advances without penalty or premium.

(ii) Whenever
Borrower desires an Advance, Borrower will notify Bank no later than 3:00 p.m. Pacific time, on the Business Day that the Advance
is to be made. Each such notification shall be made (i) by telephone or in-person followed by written confirmation from Borrower
within twenty-four (24) hours, (ii) by electronic mail, or (iii) by delivering to Bank a Credit Extension Request Form in
substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto. Bank is authorized to make Advances under this Agreement, based upon instructions
received from a Responsible Officer or a designee of a Responsible Officer, or without instructions if in Banks discretion such
Advances are necessary to meet Obligations which have become due and remain unpaid. Bank shall be entitled to rely on any notice given
by a person who Bank reasonably believes to be a Responsible Officer or a designee thereof, and Borrower shall indemnify and hold Bank
harmless for any damages or loss suffered by Bank as a result of such reliance. Bank will credit the amount of Advances made under this
Section 2.1(a) to Borrowers deposit account.

(b) Term
Advances.

(i) Availability.
Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon Borrowers request, Bank agrees to make one (1) advance
to Borrower (the Term A Advance) on the Closing Date, in an original principal amount equal to Twelve Million Dollars ($12,000,000.00);
provided that all or a portion of the Term A Advance shall be used to repay in-full Borrowers outstanding liabilities and obligations
to SG Credit Partners. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at any time during the Draw Period, Bank agrees
to make term loan advances to Borrower (each a Term B Advance and collectively, the Term B Advances), upon
Borrowers request, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00). The Term A Advance and
the Term B Advances are hereinafter referred to singly as a Term Advance and, collectively, as the Term Advances.
Each Term B Advance must be in an amount of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00).

11

(ii) Repayment.
For each Term Advance, Borrower shall pay interest-only payments with respect to such Term Advance in accordance with Section 2.3(c) through
the day before the Term Loan Amortization Date. Beginning on the Term Loan Amortization Date, Borrower shall repay each outstanding Term
Advance in accordance with Section 2.3(c) in (i) quarterly principal payments in an amount equal to the Repayment Installment,
payable on the tenth (10th) day of each calendar quarter, plus (ii) monthly payments of accrued interest, payable on the tenth (10th)
day of each month. Borrowers final payment for each Term Advance, due on the Term Loan Maturity Date, shall include all outstanding
principal and accrued and unpaid interest under such Term Advance. Once repaid, the Term Advances may not be reborrowed.

(iii) Prepayment.

(A) Voluntary Prepayment.
Borrower shall have the option to prepay all, but not less than all, of any Term Advances under this Agreement, provided Borrower (A) deliver
written notice to Bank of its election to prepay such Term Advances at least ten (10) days prior to such prepayment and (B) pay,
on the date of such prepayment, (1) all outstanding principal with respect to the Term Advances, plus accrued but unpaid interest,
plus (2) all fees (including any late fee), and other sums, including Bank Expenses, if any, that shall have become due and payable
hereunder.

(B) Mandatory Prepayment
upon an Acceleration. If the Term Advances are accelerated after the occurrence of an Event of Default, Borrower shall immediately
pay to Bank an amount equal to the sum of (A) all outstanding principal of the Term Advances, plus accrued but unpaid interest (including
interest at the default rate), plus (B) all other fees, and other sums, including Bank Expenses, if any, that shall have become due
and payable hereunder.

(C)Excess
Cash Flow. Within thirty (30) days of delivery to Bank of audited annual financial statements pursuant to Section 6.3(b), and
commencing with the delivery to Bank of the financial statements for Borrowers fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and each
fiscal year of Borrower thereafter (provided, if such financial statements are not delivered to Bank on the date such statements are
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.3(b), then within ten (10) days after the date such statements were required
to be delivered to Bank pursuant to Section 6.3(b)), Borrower shall pay Bank a principal payment in an amount equal to the following
percentages of Excess Cash Flow with respect to such fiscal year based upon Borrowers applicable Leverage Ratio as a mandatory
prepayment on account of the outstanding Obligations of Borrower to Bank:

Leverage Ratio Percentage of Excess Cash Flow

> 2.50:1.00 50.0%

< 2.50:1.00 and > 2.00:1.00 25.0%

< 2.00:1.00 0.0%

(iv) Procedures
for Borrowing. Whenever a Borrower desires a Term Advance, Borrower will notify Bank no later than 3:00 p.m. Pacific time,
at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date on which the Term Advance is to be made. Each such notification shall be made
(i) by telephone or in-person followed by written confirmation from Borrower within twenty-four (24) hours, (ii) by electronic
mail, or (iii) by delivering to Bank a Credit Extension Request Form in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto.
Bank shall be entitled to rely on any notice given by a person whom Bank reasonably believes to be a Responsible Officer or a designee
thereof, and Borrower shall indemnify and hold Bank harmless for any damages or loss suffered by Bank as a result of such reliance. Bank
will credit the amount of each Term Advance made under this Section 2.1(b) to a Borrowers deposit account.

12

2.2 Reserved.

2.3 Interest
Rates, Payments, and Calculations.

(a) Interest
Rates.

(i) Advances.
Except as set forth in Section 2.3(b), the Advances under the Revolving Facility shall bear interest, on the outstanding Daily Balance
thereof, at a floating rate equal to three and one-quarter of one percent (3.25%) above the Term SOFR Rate.

(ii) Term
Advances. Except as set forth in Section 2.3(b), the outstanding Term Advances shall bear interest on the outstanding Daily Balance
thereof, at a floating rate equal to three and one-quarter of one percent (3.25%) above the Term SOFR Rate.

(b) Late
Fee; Default Rate. If any payment is not made within ten (10) days after the date such payment is due, Borrower shall pay Bank
a late fee equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5.0%) of the amount of such unpaid amount or (ii) the maximum amount permitted
to be charged under applicable law, not in any case to be less than Twenty-Five Dollars ($25.00). All Obligations shall bear interest,
from and after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at a rate equal to five percent (5.0%) above the interest
rate applicable immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default, unless Bank agrees in writing in its sole and absolute discretion
to impose a lesser increase or no increase.

(c) Payments.
Interest hereunder shall be due and payable on the tenth (10th) calendar day of each month during the term hereof. Bank shall,
at its option, charge such interest, all Bank Expenses, and all Periodic Payments against any of Borrowers deposit accounts or
against the Revolving Line, in which case those amounts shall thereafter accrue interest at the rate then applicable hereunder. Any interest
not paid when due shall be compounded by becoming a part of the Obligations, and such interest shall thereafter accrue interest at the
rate then applicable hereunder. All payments shall be free and clear of any taxes, withholdings, duties, impositions, or other charges,
to the end that Bank will receive the entire amount of any Obligations payable hereunder, regardless of source of payment.

(d) Computation.
In the event the Term SOFR Rate is changed from time to time hereafter, the applicable rate of interest hereunder shall be increased or
decreased, on the dates set forth in the definition thereof.

2.4 Crediting
Payments.

(a) Prior
to the occurrence of an Event of Default, Bank shall credit a wire transfer of funds, check or other item of payment to such deposit account
or Obligation as Borrower specifies. After the occurrence of an Event of Default, the receipt by Bank of any wire transfer of funds, check,
or other item of payment shall be immediately applied to conditionally reduce Obligations, but shall not be considered a payment on account
unless such payment is of immediately available federal funds or unless and until such check or other item of payment is honored when
presented for payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any wire transfer or payment received by Bank after
12:00 noon Pacific time shall be deemed to have been received by Bank as of the opening of business on the immediately following
Business Day. Whenever any payment to Bank under the Loan Documents would otherwise be due (except by reason of acceleration) on a date
that is not a Business Day, such payment shall instead be due on the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as the case may
be, shall accrue and be payable for the period of such extension.

13

(b) Borrower
hereby authorizes Bank to automatically deduct from any deposit account(s) of Borrower with Bank, including without limitation deposit
account numbered 2989, the amount of any loan payment. If the funds in the account(s) are insufficient to cover any payment, Bank
shall not be obligated to advance funds to cover the payment, and Borrower agrees to pay any applicable fees for this service disclosed
in the Schedule of Fees and Charges applicable to Borrowers account(s).

2.5 Fees.
Borrower shall pay to Bank the following:

(a) Term
Advance Facility Fee. On the Closing Date, a facility fee equal to Forty-Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($42,500.00) in respect
of the Term Advances, which shall be deemed fully earned as of the Closing Date (the Term Advance Facility Fee);

(b) Revolving
Line Facility Fees. On the Closing Date, a facility fee equal to Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($7,500.00) in respect of the
Revolving Line, and on each anniversary of the Closing Date, each of which shall be deemed fully earned as of the Closing Date (the Revolving
Line Facility Fees; together with the Term Advance Facility Fee, the Facility Fees); and

(c) Bank
Expenses. On the Closing Date, all Bank Expenses incurred through the Closing Date, including reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses and, after the Closing Date, all Bank Expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, as and when they are
incurred by Bank.

2.6 Term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date and, subject to Section 13.7, shall continue in full force and effect for
so long as any Obligations remain outstanding or Bank has any obligation to make Credit Extensions under this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Bank shall have the right to terminate its obligation to make Credit Extensions under this Agreement immediately and without
notice upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. Notwithstanding termination, Banks Lien on the Collateral
shall remain in effect for so long as any Obligations are outstanding.

3. Conditions
of Loans.

3.1 Conditions
Precedent to Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of Bank to make the initial Credit Extension is subject to the condition precedent
that Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, the following, duly executed by the applicable parties thereto:

(a) this
Agreement;

(b) a
certificate of the Secretary of Borrower with respect to incumbency and resolutions authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement;

(c) UCC
National Form Financing Statement;

(d) the
IP Security Agreement;

(e) agreement
to provide insurance and evidence satisfactory to Bank that the insurance policies required by Section 6.6 hereof are in full force
and effect;

(f) payment
of the fees and Bank Expenses then due specified in Section 2.5 hereof;

(g) current
financial statements of Borrower;

(h) an
audit of the Collateral, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Bank;

(i) Intellectual
Property search results and completed exhibits to the IP Security Agreement;

14

(j) duly
executed signature to a payoff letter from SG Credit Partners and evidence that (i) the Liens securing Indebtedness owed by Borrower
to SG Credit Partners will be terminated and (ii) the documents and/or filings evidencing the perfection of such Liens, including
without limitation any financing statements and/or control agreements, have or will, concurrently with the initial Credit Extension, be
terminated;

(k) certified
copies, dated as of a recent date, of financing statement searches, as Bank may request, accompanied by written evidence (including any
UCC termination statements) that the Liens indicated in any such financing statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been or,
in connection with the initial Credit Extension, will be terminated or released;

(l) the
perfection certificate of Borrower;

(m) such
other documents, and completion of such other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.

3.2 Conditions
Precedent to All Credit Extensions. The obligation of Bank to make each Credit Extension, including the initial Credit Extension,
is further subject to the following conditions:

(a) timely
receipt by Bank of the Credit Extension Request Form, as provided in Section 2.1;

(b) the
absence of any circumstance or circumstances that could have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) the
representations and warranties contained in Section 5 shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of
such Credit Extension Request Form and on the effective date of each Credit Extension as though made at and as of each such date,
and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or would exist after giving effect to such Credit Extension. The making
of each Credit Extension shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by Borrower on the date of such Credit Extension as to the
accuracy of the facts referred to in this Section 3.2; and

(d) with
respect to each Term B Advance, confirmation in writing by Bank, that Borrower has delivered evidence to Bank, satisfactory to Bank in
its sole and absolute discretion, that (i) Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.8 at
all times prior to the date such Term B Advance is made and after giving effect to such Term B Advance on a pro-forma basis and (ii) the
proceeds of such Term B Advance shall be used solely in connection with a Permitted Term B Acquisition.

3.3 Covenant
to Deliver. Borrower agrees to deliver to Bank each item required to be delivered to Bank under this Agreement as a condition precedent
to any Credit Extension. Borrower expressly agrees that a Credit Extension made prior to the receipt by Bank of any such item shall not
constitute a waiver by Bank of Borrowers obligation to deliver such item, and the making of any Credit Extension in the absence
of a required item shall be in Banks sole discretion.

4. Creation
of Security Interest.

4.1 Grant
of Security Interest. Borrower grants and pledges to Bank a continuing security interest in all presently existing and hereafter acquired
or arising Collateral in order to secure prompt repayment of any and all Obligations and in order to secure prompt performance by Borrower
of each of its covenants and duties under the Loan Documents. Except as set forth in the Schedule, such security interest constitutes
a valid, first-priority security interest in the presently existing Collateral, and will constitute a valid, first-priority security interest
in Collateral acquired after the date hereof, in each case, subject to Permitted Liens.

15

4.2 Delivery
of Additional Documentation Required. Borrower shall from time to time execute and deliver to Bank, at the request of Bank, all Negotiable
Collateral, all financing statements and other documents that Bank may reasonably request, in form satisfactory to Bank, to perfect and
continue the perfection of Banks security interests in the Collateral and in order to fully consummate all of the transactions
contemplated under the Loan Documents. Borrower from time to time may deposit with Bank specific time deposit accounts to secure specific
Obligations. Borrower authorizes Bank to hold such balances in pledge and to decline to honor any drafts thereon or any request by Borrower
or any other Person to pay or otherwise transfer any part of such balances for so long as the Obligations are outstanding.

4.3 Authorization
to File Financing Statements. Borrower hereby authorizes Bank to file financing statements, without notice to Borrower, with all appropriate
jurisdictions to perfect or protect Banks interest or rights hereunder, including a notice that any disposition of the Collateral,
by either Borrower or any other Person, shall be deemed to violate the rights of Bank under the Code.

4.4 Right
to Inspect. Bank (through any of its officers, employees, or agents) shall have the right, upon reasonable prior notice, from time
to time during Borrowers usual business hours but no more than once a year (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing),
to inspect Borrowers Books and to make copies thereof and to check, test, and appraise the Collateral in order to verify Borrowers
financial condition or the amount, condition of, or any other matter relating to, the Collateral.

5. Representations
and Warranties.

Borrower represents and warrants
as follows:

5.1 Due
Organization and Qualification. Borrower and each Subsidiary is a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, duly existing
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and qualified and licensed to do business in any other jurisdiction
in which the conduct of its business or its ownership of property requires that it be so qualified.

5.2 Due
Authorization; No Conflict. The execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents are within Borrowers powers, have
been duly authorized, and are not in conflict with nor constitute a breach of any provision contained in Borrowers Articles/Certificate
of Incorporation or Formation or Bylaws/Operating Agreement, nor will they constitute an event of default under any material agreement
to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower is bound, nor will they contravene, conflict with or violate any applicable order, writ,
judgment, injunction, decree, determination, or award of any Governmental Authority by which Borrower or any of Borrowers property
or assets may be bound or affected. Borrower is not in default under any material agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

5.3 No
Prior Encumbrances. Borrower has good and marketable title to its property, free and clear of Liens, except for Permitted Liens.

5.4 Reserved.

5.5 Merchantable
Inventory. All Inventory is in all material respects of good and marketable quality, free from all material defects, except for Inventory
for which adequate reserves have been made.

5.6 Collateral
and Intellectual Property Collateral. Borrower is the sole owner of the Intellectual Property Collateral, except (i) as stated
herein and (ii) for non-exclusive licenses granted by Borrower to its customers in the ordinary course of business. Each of the Patents
is valid and enforceable, and no part of the Intellectual Property Collateral has been judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in
part, and no claim has been made that any part of the Intellectual Property Collateral violates the rights of any third party. Except
as set forth in the Schedule, Borrowers rights as a licensee of intellectual property do not give rise to more than five percent
(5.0%) of its gross revenue in any given month, including without limitation revenue derived from the sale, licensing, rendering or disposition
of any product or service. Except as set forth in the Schedule, Borrower is not a party to, or bound by, any agreement that restricts
the grant by Borrower of a security interest in Borrowers rights under such agreement.

16

5.7 Name;
Location of Chief Executive Office. Except as disclosed in the Schedule, Borrower has not done business under any name other than
that specified on the signature page hereof. The chief executive office of Borrower is located at the address indicated in Section 10
hereof. Except as disclosed in the Schedule, all of Borrowers Inventory and Equipment is located only at the location set forth
in Section 10 hereof.

5.8 Litigation.
Except as set forth in the Schedule, there are no actions or proceedings pending by or against Borrower or any Subsidiary before any court
or administrative agency in which an adverse decision could have a Material Adverse Effect, or a material adverse effect on Borrowers
interest or Banks security interest in the Collateral.

5.9 No
Material Adverse Change in Financial Statements. All consolidated and consolidating financial statements related to Borrower and any
Subsidiary that Bank has received from Borrower fairly present in all material respects Borrowers financial condition as of the
date thereof and Borrowers consolidated and consolidating results of operations for the period then ended. There has not been a
material adverse change in the consolidated or the consolidating financial condition of Borrower since the date of the most recent of
such financial statements submitted to Bank.

5.10 Solvency,
Payment of Debts. Borrower is solvent and able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature.

5.11 Regulatory
Compliance. Borrower and each Subsidiary have met the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to any employee benefit plans
subject to ERISA, and no event has occurred resulting from Borrowers failure to comply with ERISA that could result in Borrowers
incurring any material liability. Borrower is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Borrower is not engaged principally, or as one of the important
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T
and U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). Borrower has complied with all the provisions of the Federal Fair Labor
Standards Act. Borrower has not violated any statutes, laws, ordinances or rules applicable to it, violation of which could have
a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
violation in any material respect of any applicable requirement of law relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive
Order No. 13224, effective September 24, 2001, The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank
Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 5330), the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1-44, as amended), the Uniting
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107 56,
signed into law October 26, 2001, the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010 as amended and the Criminal
Justice (Terrorist Offences) Act 2005.

5.12 Environmental
Condition. Except as disclosed in the Schedule, none of Borrowers or any Subsidiarys properties or assets has ever been
used by Borrower or any Subsidiary or, to the best of Borrowers knowledge, by previous owners or operators, in the disposal of,
or to produce, store, handle, treat, release, or transport any hazardous waste or hazardous substance other than in accordance with applicable
law; to the best of Borrowers knowledge, none of Borrowers properties or assets has ever been designated or identified in
any manner pursuant to any environmental protection statute as a hazardous waste or hazardous substance disposal site, or a candidate
for closure pursuant to any environmental protection statute; no lien arising under any environmental protection statute has attached
to any revenues or to any real or personal property owned by Borrower or any Subsidiary; and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary has received
a summons, citation, notice, or directive from the Environmental Protection Agency or any other federal, state or other governmental agency
concerning any action or omission by Borrower or any Subsidiary resulting in the releasing, or otherwise disposing of hazardous waste
or hazardous substances into the environment.

5.13 Taxes.
Borrower and each Subsidiary have filed or caused to be filed all tax returns required to be filed, and have paid, or have made adequate
provision for the payment of, all taxes reflected therein, except (a) to the extent such taxes are being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any,
as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made therefor, or (b) if such taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions
do not, individually or in the aggregate, exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00).

17

5.14 Subsidiaries.
Borrower does not own any stock, partnership interest, or other equity securities of any Person, except for Permitted Investments.

5.15 Government
Consents. Borrower and each Subsidiary have obtained all material consents, approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations
or filings with, and given all notices to, all Governmental Authorities that are necessary for the continued operation of Borrowers
business as currently conducted.

5.16 Accounts.
Except to the extent permitted by Section 6.7 hereof, none of Borrowers nor any Subsidiarys property is maintained
or invested with a Person other than Bank.

5.17 Full
Disclosure. No representation, warranty or other statement made by Borrower in any certificate or written statement furnished to Bank
contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained
in such certificates or statements not misleading.

6. Affirmative
Covenants.

Borrower shall do all of the
following:

6.1 Good
Standing. Borrower shall maintain its and each of its Subsidiaries corporate or limited liability company, as applicable, existence
and good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which it is required under applicable
law, except jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers
business or operations. Borrower shall maintain, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, in force all licenses, approvals
and agreements, the loss of which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.2 Government
Compliance. Borrower shall meet, and shall cause each Subsidiary to meet, the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to
any employee benefit plans subject to ERISA. Borrower shall comply, and shall cause each Subsidiary to comply, with all statutes, laws,
ordinances and government rules and regulations to which it is subject, noncompliance with which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.3 Financial
Statements, Reports, Certificates. Borrower shall deliver the following to Bank:

(a) as
soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar month, (i) a company-prepared consolidated
balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement covering Borrowers consolidated operations during such period, prepared
in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, in a form acceptable to Bank and certified by a Responsible Officer and (ii) a Compliance
Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto;

(b) as
soon as available, but in any event within one hundred eighty (180) days after the end of Borrowers fiscal year, audited consolidated
financial statements of Borrower prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, together with an unqualified opinion (other than
any qualification related to any pending maturity date of the Credit Extensions) on such financial statements by MaloneBailey, LLP or
any other independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Bank;

(c) copies
of all statements, reports and notices sent or made available generally by Borrower to its security holders or to any holders of Subordinated
Debt and, copies of the Form 10-K Annual Report, Form 10-Q Quarterly Report and Form 8-K Current Report for Borrower within
ten (10) days the date of filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

(d) promptly
upon receipt of notice thereof, a report of any legal actions pending or threatened against Borrower or any Subsidiary that could result
in damages or costs to Borrower or any Subsidiary of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00) or more;

18

(e) such
budgets, sales projections, operating plans, or other financial information as Bank may reasonably request from time to time;

(f) within
thirty (30) days after the end of each month, (i) a Monthly Recurring Revenue and Annual Recurring Revenue report by customer, (ii) a
key performance indicators report, and (iii) a monthly churn report, each in form and substance satisfactory to Bank;

(g) annual
operating budget (including income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement presented in a monthly format) approved by Borrowers
board of directors and in form and substance acceptable to Bank and confirmed in writing by Bank and Borrower shall specify the assumptions
used in creating the budget. Annual operating budgets shall, in any case, be provided to Bank no later than thirty (30) days after the
end of each fiscal year of Borrower;

(h) within
thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar month, Borrower shall deliver to Bank, a detailed aging of Borrowers accounts receivable
by invoice date, and a detailed aging of Borrowers accounts payable by invoice date, each in form and substance satisfactory to
Bank;

(i) promptly,
upon sending or receipt, copies of any management letters and correspondence relating to management letters, sent or received by Borrower
to or from Borrowers auditor. If no management letter is prepared, Borrower shall, upon Banks request, use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain a letter from such auditor stating that no deficiencies were noted that would otherwise be addressed in a
management letter;

(j) as
soon as possible, notice of the occurrence of any default or Event of Default; and

(k) promptly
upon Banks request, such other books, records, statements, lists of property and accounts, budgets,
forecasts, or reports as to Borrower and as to each guarantor of Borrowers obligations to Bank as Bank may request.

Bank shall have a right from
time to time hereafter to audit Borrowers Accounts and appraise Collateral at Borrowers expense, provided that such audits
will be conducted no more often than every twelve (12) months unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

6.4 Inventory;
Returns. Borrower shall keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition, free from all material defects except for Inventory for
which adequate reserves have been made. Returns and allowances, if any, as between Borrower and its account debtors shall be on the same
basis and in accordance with the usual customary practices of Borrower, as they exist at the time of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement. Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of all returns and recoveries and of all disputes and claims, where the return, recovery,
dispute or claim involves more than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00).

6.5 Taxes.
Borrower shall make, and shall cause each Subsidiary to make, due and timely payment or deposit of all material federal, state, and local
taxes, assessments, or contributions required of it by law, and will execute and deliver to Bank, on demand, appropriate certificates
attesting to the payment or deposit thereof; and Borrower will make, and will cause each Subsidiary to make, timely payment or deposit
of all material tax payments and withholding taxes required of it by applicable laws, including, but not limited to, those laws concerning
F.I.C.A., F.U.T.A., state disability, and local, state, and federal income taxes, and will, upon request, furnish Bank with proof satisfactory
to Bank indicating that Borrower or a Subsidiary has made such payments or deposits; provided that Borrower or a Subsidiary need not make
any payment if the amount or validity of such payment is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and is reserved against (to
the extent required by GAAP) by Borrower.

19

6.6 Insurance.

(a) Borrower,
at its expense, shall keep the Collateral insured against loss or damage by fire, theft, explosion, sprinklers, and all other hazards
and risks, and in such amounts, as ordinarily insured against by other owners in similar businesses conducted in the locations where Borrowers
business is conducted on the date hereof. Borrower shall also maintain insurance relating to Borrowers business, ownership, and
use of the Collateral in amounts and of a type that are customary to businesses similar to Borrowers.

(b) All
such policies of insurance shall be in such form, with such companies, and in such amounts as are reasonably satisfactory to Bank. All
such policies of property insurance shall contain a lenders loss payable endorsement, in a form satisfactory to Bank, showing Bank
as a lender loss payee thereof, and all liability insurance policies shall show Bank as an additional insured and shall specify that the
insurer must give at least thirty (30) days notice to Bank before canceling its policy for any reason. Upon Banks request,
Borrower shall deliver to Bank certified copies of such policies of insurance and evidence of the payments of all premiums therefor. All
proceeds payable under any such policy shall, at the option of Bank, be payable to Bank to be applied on account of the Obligations. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (a) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall have the option of applying the
proceeds of any casualty policy up to Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) in the aggregate for all losses under all casualty policies
in any twelve (12) month period, toward the replacement or repair of destroyed or damaged property; provided that any such replaced or
repaired property (i) shall be of equal or like value as the replaced or repaired Collateral and (ii) shall be deemed Collateral
in which Bank has been granted a first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens), and (b) after the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, all proceeds payable under such casualty policy shall, at the option of Bank, be payable
to Bank on account of the Obligations then due.

6.7 Accounts.

(a) Borrower
shall (i) maintain and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain all of its depository, operating, and investment accounts
with Bank and (ii) endeavor to utilize and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to endeavor to utilize Banks International
Banking Division for any international banking services required by Borrower, including, but not limited to, foreign currency wires, hedges,
swaps, fx contracts, and letters of credit. Any Guarantor shall maintain all depository, operating and securities/investment accounts
with Bank and Banks Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) Borrower shall be permitted to maintain accounts with financial
institutions other than Bank (the Permitted Bank Accounts) provided that (i) the maximum aggregate balance in
the Permitted Bank Accounts (for all such accounts) shall not exceed (A) at all times prior to the expiration of the Transition Period,
fifty percent (50.0%) of the Dollar value of all of Borrowers and its Subsidiaries accounts, in each case, at all financial
institutions, wherever located and (B) at all times after the expiration of the Transition Period, ten percent (10.0%) of the Dollar
value of all of Borrowers and its Subsidiaries accounts, in each case, at all financial institutions, wherever located and
(ii) the Permitted Bank Accounts shall be subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Bank pursuant to the terms of Section 6.7(b) and
Section 6.14 hereof and (b) Borrower shall be permitted to maintain one (1) account with Stripe (the Permitted
Stripe Account), provided that Borrower shall transfer any and all funds deposited into the Permitted Stripe Account into an
account of Borrower maintained with Bank within three (3) Business Days after such deposit into the Permitted Stripe Account. In
addition to the foregoing, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Borrower shall transfer, within thirty (30) days of such Event
of Default, any and all funds in the Permitted Bank Accounts to an account of Borrower with Bank.

(b) In
addition to and without limiting the restrictions in (a), Borrower shall provide Bank five (5) days prior written notice before establishing
any banking or investment account at or with any bank or financial institution other than Bank or Banks Affiliates. Subject to
the terms of Section 6.14, for each banking or investment account that Borrower at any time maintains, Borrower shall cause the applicable
bank or financial institution (other than Bank) at or with which any such account is maintained to execute and deliver a Control Agreement
or other appropriate instrument with respect to such account to perfect Banks Lien in such account in accordance with the terms
hereunder which Control Agreement may not be terminated without the prior written consent of Bank. The provisions of the previous sentence
shall not apply to (i) the Permitted Stripe Account, (ii) the Community Bank Account solely to the extent that the aggregate
amount of funds maintained in the Community Bank Account does not exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) at any time (and, if such
aggregate amount exceeds Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) in the aggregate at any time, the provisions of the previous sentence shall
apply and a Control Agreement shall be required) and (iii) deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes, and other
employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of Borrowers employees and identified to Bank by Borrower as such (and
which do not (and will not at any time) contain deposits in an aggregate amount greater than the amount equal to Borrowers ordinary,
current and necessary payroll for one (1) payroll period).

20

6.8 Financial
Covenants.

(a) Minimum
Cash. Borrower shall maintain at all times during Testing Period A, measured as of the last day of each calendar month, unrestricted
and unencumbered cash (other than Liens in favor of Bank under this Agreement) held in accounts in the name of Borrower at Bank equal
to at least Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00).

(b) Committed
Debt to ARR Ratio. During Testing Period A, the Committed Debt to ARR Ratio, measured as of the last day of each calendar quarter,
shall not exceed the following:

Period Ending Committed Debt to ARR Ratio

March 31, 2025 0.70x

June 30, 2025 0.70x

September 30, 2025 0.65x

December 31, 2025 0.60x

March 31, 2026 0.60x

June 30, 2026 0.55x

(c) Maximum
Total Leverage. During Testing Period B, Borrowers Leverage Ratio, measured as of the last day of each calendar quarter, shall
not at any time exceed (i) for the calendar quarters commencing September 30, 2026 through and including June 30, 2027,
2.5x. and (ii) at all times thereafter, 2.0x.

(d) Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio. Borrower shall maintain at all times during Testing Period B, measured as of the last day of each calendar
quarter, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 1.50x.

6.9 Intellectual
Property Rights.

(a) Borrower
shall promptly give Bank written notice of any applications or registrations of intellectual property rights filed with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, including the date of such filing and the registration or application numbers, if any. Borrower shall (i) give
Bank not less than 30 days prior written notice of the filing of any applications or registrations with the United States Copyright Office,
including the title of such intellectual property rights to be registered, as such title will appear on such applications or registrations,
and the date such applications or registrations will be filed, and (ii) prior to the filing of any such applications or registrations,
shall execute such documents as Bank may reasonably request for Bank to maintain its perfection in such intellectual property rights to
be registered by Borrower, and upon the request of Bank, shall file such documents simultaneously with the filing of any such applications
or registrations. Upon filing any such applications or registrations with the United States Copyright Office, Borrower shall promptly
provide Bank with (i) a copy of such applications or registrations, without the exhibits, if any, thereto, (ii) evidence of
the filing of any documents requested by Bank to be filed for Bank to maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in
such intellectual property rights, and (iii) the date of such filing.

(b) Bank
may audit Borrower's Intellectual Property Collateral to confirm compliance with this Section, provided such audit may not occur more
often than twice per year, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Bank shall have the right, but not the obligation,
to take, at Borrower's sole expense, any actions that Borrower is required under this Section to take but which Borrower fails to
take, after fifteen (15) days notice to Borrower. Borrower shall reimburse and indemnify Bank for all reasonable costs and reasonable
expenses incurred in the reasonable exercise of its rights under this Section.

21

6.10 Use
of Proceeds. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions solely (i) to repay in-full Borrowers outstanding
liabilities and obligations with SG Credit Partners, (ii) for Permitted Term B Acquisitions; provided that, Advances shall not be
used for earn-out payments or other deferred considerations related to any Permitted Term B Acquisitions, Permitted Stock Buybacks or
ADA Indebtedness and (iii) as growth capital, working capital or general corporate purposes in order to fund its general business
requirements in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and not for personal, family, household, or agricultural purposes.

6.11 Landlord
Waivers; Bailee Waivers. In the event that Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, after the Closing Date, intends to add any new offices
or business locations, including warehouses, or otherwise store any portion of the Collateral with, or deliver any portion of the Collateral
to, a bailee, in each case pursuant to Section 7.2, then Borrower or such Subsidiary will, in the event that the Collateral at any
new location is valued in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) in the aggregate, use commercially reasonable efforts
to cause such bailee or landlord, as applicable, to execute and deliver a bailee waiver or landlord waiver, as applicable, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank prior to the addition of any new offices or business locations, or any such storage with or
delivery to any such bailee, as the case may be.

6.12 Formation
or Acquisition of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding and without limiting the negative covenants contained in Sections 7.3 and 7.7 hereof,
at the time that Borrower or any Guarantor forms any direct or indirect Subsidiary or acquires any direct or indirect Subsidiary after
the Closing Date, Borrower and such Guarantor shall (a) cause such new Subsidiary to provide to Bank a joinder to this Agreement
to become a co-borrower hereunder, or a Guaranty to become a Guarantor hereunder, at Banks discretion, together with such appropriate
financing statements and/or Control Agreements, all in form and substance satisfactory to Bank (including being sufficient to grant Bank
a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary), (b) provide
to Bank appropriate certificates and powers and financing statements, pledging all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in such
new Subsidiary, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank; and (c) provide to Bank all other documentation in form and substance
satisfactory to Bank, including (at Banks election) one (1) or more opinions of counsel satisfactory to Bank, which in its
opinion is appropriate with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above. Any document, agreement,
or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this Section 6.12 shall be a Loan Document.

6.13 Further
Assurances. At any time and from time to time, Borrower shall execute and deliver such further instruments and take such further action
as may reasonably be requested by Bank to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

6.14 Post-Closing
Deliverables. Borrower shall deliver to Bank within (i) thirty (30) days of the Closing Date, evidence satisfactory to Bank that
the insurance endorsements required by Section 6.6 hereof are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing
lender loss payable and/or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor Bank, (ii) within ninety (90) days of the Closing
Date, a Control Agreement with respect to any Permitted Bank Account, (iii) ninety (90) days of the Closing Date, UCC-3 financing
statements with respect to the UCC-1 financing statements listed in the Schedule and (iv) within fifteen (15) days of the Closing
Date, a foreign qualification certificate for AudioEye from the Secretary of State of the State of Illinois.

7. Negative
Covenants.

Borrower will not do any of
the following:

7.1 Dispositions.
Convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of (including, without limitation, pursuant to a Division) (collectively, a Transfer),
or permit any of its Subsidiaries to Transfer, all or any part of its business or property, other than: (i) Transfers of Inventory
and any reports and feedback generated by software or services, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; (ii) Transfers
of non-exclusive licenses and similar arrangements for the use of the property of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business; (iii) Transfers of worn-out or obsolete Equipment which was not financed by Bank; (iv) Transfers consisting of
the sale or issuance of any stock of Borrower permitted under Section 7.2 of this Agreement; (v) Transfers consisting of Permitted
Investments; (vi) Transfers consisting of Borrowers use or transfer of money or cash equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited
by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; and (vii) other Transfers not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.1
of non-material property with a value not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) in the aggregate in any twelve (12)
month period.

22

7.2 Change
in Business; Change in Control or Executive Office. Engage in any business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business,
other than the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower and any business substantially similar or related thereto (or incidental thereto);
or cease to conduct business in the manner conducted by Borrower as of the Closing Date; or suffer or permit a Change in Control; or without
thirty (30) days prior written notification to Bank, relocate its chief executive office or state of organization or change its legal
name; or without Banks prior written consent, change the date on which its fiscal year ends.

7.3 Mergers
or Acquisitions. Other than any Permitted Acquisitions, merge or consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate,
with or into any other business organization, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the
capital stock, equity securities, or property of another Person (including, without limitation, pursuant to a Division).

7.4 Indebtedness.
Create, incur, assume or be or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary so to do, other than Permitted
Indebtedness.

7.5 Encumbrances.
Create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist any Lien with respect to any of its property (including without limitation, its Intellectual
Property Collateral), or assign or otherwise convey any right to receive income, including the sale of any Accounts, or permit any of
its Subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Liens, or agree with any Person other than Bank not to grant a security interest in, or
otherwise encumber, any of its property (including without limitation, its Intellectual Property Collateral), or permit any Subsidiary
to do so.

7.6 Distributions.
Pay any dividends or make any other distribution or payment on account of or in redemption, retirement, or purchase of any capital stock,
or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except for (i) the Permitted Stock Buyback, (ii) the repurchase the stock of former
employees pursuant to stock repurchase agreements in an aggregate amount not to exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) during
any twelve (12) month period, as long as an Event of Default does not exist prior to such repurchase or would not exist after giving effect
to such repurchase and (iii) any transactions where shares of AudioEye are surrendered to AudioEye by its employees to satisfy tax
withholding obligations with the settlement of restricted stock units or the issuance of restricted stock.

7.7 Investments.
Directly or indirectly acquire or own, or make any Investment in or to any Person, or permit any of its Subsidiaries so to do, other than
Permitted Investments; or maintain or invest any of its property with a Person other than Bank or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do
so unless such Person has entered into a Control Agreement with Bank in form and substance satisfactory to Bank; or suffer or permit any
Subsidiary to be a party to, or be bound by, an agreement that restricts such Subsidiary from paying dividends or otherwise distributing
property to Borrower.

7.8 Transactions
with Affiliates. Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower except
for transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrowers business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable
to Borrower than would be obtained in an arms length transaction with a non-affiliated Person.

7.9 Subordinated
Debt. Make any payment in respect of any Subordinated Debt, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any such payment, except in
compliance with the terms of such Subordinated Debt, or amend any provision contained in any documentation relating to the Subordinated
Debt without Banks prior written consent. For the abundance of caution, in no event shall Borrower make any payment under any Subordinated
Debt if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of such payment.

23

7.10 Inventory
and Equipment. Store the Inventory or the Equipment with a bailee, warehouseman, or other third party unless the third party has been
notified of Banks security interest and Bank (a) has received an acknowledgment from the third party that it is holding or
will hold the Inventory or Equipment for Banks benefit or (b) is in pledge possession of the warehouse receipt, where negotiable,
covering such Inventory or Equipment. Store or maintain any Equipment or Inventory at a location other than the location set forth in
Section 10 of this Agreement (as may be updated in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof) or as permitted pursuant to Section 6.11
hereof.

7.11 Compliance.
Become an investment company or be controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, or become principally engaged in, or undertake as one of its important activities, the business of extending credit
for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock, or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for such purpose. Fail to meet the
minimum funding requirements of ERISA, permit a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, to occur, fail to comply
with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act or violate any law or regulation, which violation could have a Material Adverse Effect, or a
material adverse effect on the Collateral or the priority of Banks Lien on the Collateral, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to
do any of the foregoing.

7.12Capital
Expenditures. Make or contract to make, without Banks prior written consent, capital expenditures, including leasehold improvements
but expressly excluding any internally developed software and any expenditures relating to any Acquisition, in any fiscal year in an amount
exceeding Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00).

8. Events
of Default.

Any one (1) or more of
the following events shall constitute an Event of Default by Borrower under this Agreement:

8.1 Payment
Default. If Borrower fails to pay, when due, any of the Obligations;

8.2 Covenant
Default.

(a) If
Borrower fails to perform any obligation under Article 6 (other than Section 6.1, Section 6.2, and Section 6.4) or
violates any of the covenants contained in Article 7 of this Agreement; or

(b) If
Borrower fails or neglects to perform or observe any obligation under Section 6.1, Section 6.2, and Section 6.4 or any
other material term, provision, condition, covenant contained in this Agreement, in any of the Loan Documents, or in any other present
or future agreement between Borrower and Bank and as to any default under such other term, provision, condition or covenant that can be
cured, has failed to cure such default within ten (10) days after Borrower receives notice thereof or any officer of Borrower becomes
aware thereof; provided, however, that if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the ten (10) day period
or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such ten (10) day period, and such default is likely to be cured within
a reasonable time, then Borrower shall have an additional reasonable period (which shall not in any case exceed thirty (30) days) to attempt
to cure such default, and within such reasonable time period the failure to have cured such default shall not be deemed an Event of Default
but no Credit Extensions will be made.

8.3 Governmental
Approval. Any Governmental Approval issued to Borrower shall have been revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in an adverse
manner or not renewed for a full term, and such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal has had, or could reasonably
be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect;

8.4 Attachment.
If any portion of Borrowers assets is attached, seized, subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or is levied upon, or comes into
the possession of any trustee, receiver, or person acting in a similar capacity and such attachment, seizure, writ, or distress warrant
or levy has not been removed, discharged or rescinded within ten (10) days, or if Borrower is enjoined, restrained, or in any way
prevented by court order from continuing to conduct all or any material part of its business affairs, or if a judgment or other claim
becomes a lien or encumbrance upon any material portion of Borrowers assets, or if a notice of lien, levy, or assessment is filed
of record with respect to any of Borrowers assets by the United States Government, or any department, agency, or instrumentality
thereof, or by any state, county, municipal, or governmental agency, and the same is not paid within ten (10) days after Borrower
receives notice thereof, provided that none of the foregoing shall constitute an Event of Default where such action or event is stayed
or an adequate bond has been posted pending a good faith contest by Borrower (provided that no Credit Extensions will be required to be
made during such cure period);

24

8.5 Insolvency.
If Borrower becomes insolvent, or if an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by Borrower, or if an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced against
Borrower and is not dismissed or stayed within forty-five (45) days (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the dismissal
of such Insolvency Proceeding);

8.6 Other
Agreements. If there is a default or other failure to perform in any agreement to which Borrower or any Guarantor is a party or by
which it is bound resulting in a right by a third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness
in an amount in excess of Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) or which could have a Material Adverse Effect;

8.7 Judgments.
If a judgment or judgments for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at least Two Hundred Thousand Dollars
($200,000.00) (not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which liability has been accepted by such insurance carrier) shall
be rendered against Borrower and shall remain unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of ten (10) days (provided that no Credit Extensions
will be made prior to the satisfaction or stay of such judgment);

8.8 Misrepresentations.
If any material misrepresentation or material misstatement exists now or hereafter in any warranty or representation set forth herein
or in any certificate delivered to Bank by any Responsible Officer pursuant to this Agreement or to induce Bank to enter into this Agreement
or any other Loan Document;

8.9 Subordinated
Debt. Any document, instrument, or agreement evidencing the subordination of any Subordinated Debt shall for any reason be revoked
or invalidated or otherwise cease to be in full force and effect, any Person shall be in breach thereof or contest in any manner the validity
or enforceability thereof or deny that it has any further liability or obligation thereunder, or the Obligations shall for any reason
be subordinated or shall not have the priority contemplated by this Agreement or any applicable subordination or intercreditor agreement;
or

8.10 Guaranty.
If any guaranty of all or a portion of the Obligations ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect, or any Guarantor fails
to perform any obligation under any Guaranty or a security agreement securing any Guaranty (collectively, the Guaranty Documents),
or any event of default occurs under any Guaranty Document or any Guarantor revokes or purports to revoke a Guaranty, or any material
misrepresentation or material misstatement exists now or hereafter in any warranty or representation set forth in any Guaranty Document
or in any certificate delivered to Bank in connection with any Guaranty Document, or if any of the circumstances described in Sections
8.3 through 8.9 occur with respect to any Guarantor, or any Guarantor dies or becomes subject to any criminal prosecution, or any circumstances
arise causing Bank, in good faith, to become insecure as to the satisfaction of any of any Guarantors obligations under the Guaranty
Documents.

9. Banks
Rights and Remedies.

9.1 Rights
and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may, at its election, without notice of
its election and without demand, do any one (1) or more of the following, all of which are authorized by Borrower:

(a) Declare
all Obligations, whether evidenced by this Agreement, by any of the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, immediately due and payable (provided
that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 8.5, all Obligations shall become immediately due and payable
without any action by Bank);

25

(b) Cease
advancing money or extending credit to or for the benefit of Borrower under this Agreement or under any other agreement between Borrower
and Bank;

(c) Settle
or adjust disputes and claims directly with account debtors for amounts, upon terms and in whatever order that Bank reasonably considers
advisable;

(d) Make
such payments and do such acts as Bank considers necessary or reasonable to protect its security interest in the Collateral. Borrower
agrees to assemble the Collateral if Bank so requires, and to make the Collateral available to Bank as Bank may designate. Borrower authorizes
Bank to enter the premises where the Collateral is located, to take and maintain possession of the Collateral, or any part of it, and
to pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any encumbrance, charge, or lien which in Banks determination appears to be prior or superior
to its security interest and to pay all expenses incurred in connection therewith. With respect to any of Borrowers owned premises,
Borrower hereby grants Bank a license to enter into possession of such premises and to occupy the same, without charge, in order to exercise
any of Banks rights or remedies provided herein, at law, in equity, or otherwise;

(e) Set
off and apply to the Obligations any and all (i) balances and deposits of Borrower held by Bank, or (ii) indebtedness at any
time owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower held by Bank;

(f) Ship,
reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell (in the manner provided for herein)
the Collateral. Bank is hereby granted a license or other right, solely pursuant to the provisions of this Section 9.1, to use, without
charge, Borrowers labels, patents, copyrights, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, service marks,
and advertising matter, or any property of a similar nature, as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising
for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Banks exercise of its rights under this Section 9.1, Borrowers
rights under all licenses and all franchise agreements shall inure to Banks benefit;

(g) Dispose
of the Collateral by way of one or more contracts or transactions, for cash or on terms, in such manner and at such places (including
Borrowers premises) as Bank determines is commercially reasonable, and apply any proceeds to the Obligations in whatever manner
or order Bank deems appropriate;

(h) Bank
may credit bid and purchase at any public sale; and

(i) Any
deficiency that exists after disposition of the Collateral as provided above will be paid immediately by Borrower.

9.2 Power
of Attorney. Effective only upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints
Bank (and any of Banks designated officers, or employees) as Borrowers true and lawful attorney to: (a) send requests
for verification of Accounts or notify account debtors of Banks security interest in the Accounts; (b) endorse Borrowers
name on any checks or other forms of payment or security that may come into Banks possession; (c) sign Borrowers name
on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any Account, drafts against account debtors, schedules and assignments of Accounts, verifications
of Accounts, and notices to account debtors; (d) dispose of any Collateral; (e) make, settle, and adjust all claims under and
decisions with respect to Borrowers policies of insurance; (f) settle and adjust disputes and claims respecting the accounts
directly with account debtors, for amounts and upon terms which Bank determines to be reasonable; and (g) to file, in its sole discretion,
one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral. The appointment of Bank as
Borrowers attorney in fact, and each and every one of Banks rights and powers, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable
until all of the Obligations have been fully repaid and performed and Banks obligation to provide Credit Extensions hereunder is
terminated.

9.3 Accounts
Collection. At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may notify any Person owing funds
to Borrower of Banks security interest in such funds and verify the amount of such Account. Borrower shall collect all amounts
owing to Borrower for Bank, receive in trust all payments as Banks trustee, and immediately deliver such payments to Bank in their
original form as received from the account debtor, with proper endorsements for deposit.

26

9.4 Bank
Expenses. If Borrower fails to pay any amounts or furnish any required proof of payment due to third persons or entities, as required
under the terms of this Agreement, then Bank may do any or all of the following after reasonable notice to Borrower: (a) make payment
of the same or any part thereof; (b) set up such reserves under a loan facility in Section 2.1 as Bank deems necessary to protect
Bank from the exposure created by such failure; or (c) obtain and maintain insurance policies of the type discussed in Section 6.6
of this Agreement, and take any action with respect to such policies as Bank deems prudent. Any amounts so paid or deposited by Bank shall
constitute Bank Expenses, shall be immediately due and payable, and shall bear interest at the then applicable rate hereinabove provided,
and shall be secured by the Collateral. Any payments made by Bank shall not constitute an agreement by Bank to make similar payments in
the future or a waiver by Bank of any Event of Default under this Agreement.

9.5 Banks
Liability for Collateral. So long as Bank complies with reasonable banking practices, Bank shall not in any way or manner be liable
or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any manner
or fashion from any cause; (c) any diminution in the value thereof; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman,
bailee, forwarding agency, or other person whomsoever. All risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral shall be borne by Borrower.

9.6 Remedies
Cumulative. Banks rights and remedies under this Agreement, the Loan Documents, and all other agreements shall be cumulative.
Bank shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. No exercise
by Bank of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by Bank of any Event of Default on Borrowers part shall
be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by Bank shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence by it. No waiver by Bank shall be
effective unless made in a written document signed on behalf of Bank and then shall be effective only in the specific instance and for
the specific purpose for which it was given.

9.7 Demand;
Protest. Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice
of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel
paper, and guarantees at any time held by Bank on which Borrower may in any way be liable.

10. Notices.

All notices, consents, requests,
approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit
in the U.S. mail, first class, registered, or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission,
when sent by electronic mail; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid;
or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the
address, or email address indicated below. Bank or Borrower may change its mailing or electronic mail address by giving the other party
written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.

If to Borrower: AUDIOEYE, INC.

ADA
SITE COMPLIANCE, LLC

CRITERION
508 SOLUTIONS, INC.

5210
E. Williams Cir, Ste 750

Tucson,
AZ 85711

Attn:
Kelly Georgevich

EMAIL:
kgeorgevich@audioeye.com

27

with a copy to: Faegre
Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP

2200
Wells Fargo Center

90
South Seventh Street

Minneapolis,
Minnesota 55419

Attn: Nicole
J. Leimer

Email: nicole.leimer@faegredrinker.com

If to Bank: If to Bank: WESTERN
ALLIANCE BANK

One
East Washington Street

Suite 1400

Phoenix,
AZ 85004

ATTN: Legal
Dept

Email
- LegalDepartment@westernalliancebank.com

and

405
Colorado Street, Suite 1650

Austin,
Texas 78701

Attn:
Francesco Corradino

EMAIL:
Francesco.Corradino@bridgebank.com

with a copy to: Morrison &
Foerster LLP

200
Clarendon Street 20th Floor

Boston,
Massachusetts 02116

Attn: David
A. Ephraim, Esquire

Email: DEphraim@mofo.com

The parties hereto may change
the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner given to the other.

11. CHOICE
OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER.

This Agreement and all other
Loan Documents shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to
principles of conflicts of law. Each of Borrower and Bank hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and Federal courts
located in the County of Santa Clara, State of California. BORROWER AND BANK EACH HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL
OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING
CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT
THE FOREGOING WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR IT TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT
HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION
WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

12. JUDICIAL
REFERENCE PROVISION.

12.1 In
the event the Jury Trial Waiver set forth above is not enforceable, the parties elect to proceed under this Judicial Reference Provision.

12.2 With
the exception of the items specified in Section 12.3, below, any controversy, dispute or claim (each, a Claim)
between the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other document, instrument or agreement between the undersigned
parties (collectively in this Section, the Loan Documents), will be resolved by a reference proceeding in
California in accordance with the provisions of Sections 638 et seq. of the California Code of Civil Procedure (CCP),
or their successor sections, which shall constitute the exclusive remedy for the resolution of any Claim, including whether the Claim
is subject to the reference proceeding. Except as otherwise provided in the Loan Documents, venue for the reference proceeding will be
in the state or federal court in the county or district where the real property involved in the action, if any, is located or in the state
or federal court in the county or district where venue is otherwise appropriate under applicable law (the Court).

28

12.3 The
matters that shall not be subject to a reference are the following: (i) nonjudicial foreclosure of any security interests in real
or personal property, (ii) exercise of self-help remedies (including, without limitation, set-off), (iii) appointment of a receiver
and (iv) temporary, provisional or ancillary remedies (including, without limitation, writs of attachment, writs of possession, temporary
restraining orders or preliminary injunctions). This reference provision does not limit the right of any party to exercise or oppose any
of the rights and remedies described in clauses (i) and (ii) or to seek or oppose from a court of competent jurisdiction any
of the items described in clauses (iii) and (iv). The exercise of, or opposition to, any of those items does not waive the right
of any party to a reference pursuant to this reference provision as provided herein.

12.4 The
referee shall be a retired judge or justice selected by mutual written agreement of the parties. If the parties do not agree within ten
(10) days of a written request to do so by any party, then, upon request of any party, the referee shall be selected by the Presiding
Judge of the Court (or his or her representative). A request for appointment of a referee may be heard on an ex parte or expedited
basis, and the parties agree that irreparable harm would result if ex parte relief is not granted. Pursuant to CCP 170.6,
each party shall have one peremptory challenge to the referee selected by the Presiding Judge of the Court (or his or her representative).

12.5 The
parties agree that time is of the essence in conducting the reference proceedings. Accordingly, the referee shall be requested, subject
to change in the time periods specified herein for good cause shown, to (i) set the matter for a status and trial-setting conference
within fifteen (15) days after the date of selection of the referee, (ii) if practicable, try all issues of law or fact within one
hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the conference and (iii) report a statement of decision within twenty (20) days after
the matter has been submitted for decision.

12.6 The
referee will have power to expand or limit the amount and duration of discovery. The referee may set or extend discovery deadlines or
cutoffs for good cause, including a partys failure to provide requested discovery for any reason whatsoever. Unless otherwise ordered
based upon good cause shown, no party shall be entitled to priority in conducting discovery, depositions may be taken by
either party upon seven (7) days written notice, and all other discovery shall be responded to within fifteen (15) days after service.
All disputes relating to discovery which cannot be resolved by the parties shall be submitted to the referee whose decision shall be final
and binding.

12.7 Except
as expressly set forth herein, the referee shall determine the manner in which the reference proceeding is conducted including the time
and place of hearings, the order of presentation of evidence, and all other questions that arise with respect to the course of the reference
proceeding. All proceedings and hearings conducted before the referee, except for trial, shall be conducted without a court reporter,
except that when any party so requests, a court reporter will be used at any hearing conducted before the referee, and the referee will
be provided a courtesy copy of the transcript. The party making such a request shall have the obligation to arrange for and pay the court
reporter. Subject to the referees power to award costs to the prevailing party, the parties will equally share the cost of the
referee and the court reporter at trial.

12.8 The
referee shall be required to determine all issues in accordance with existing case law and the statutory laws of the State of California.
The rules of evidence applicable to proceedings at law in the State of California will be applicable to the reference proceeding.
The referee shall be empowered to enter equitable as well as legal relief, enter equitable orders that will be binding on the parties
and rule on any motion which would be authorized in a court proceeding, including without limitation motions for summary judgment
or summary adjudication. The referee shall issue a decision at the close of the reference proceeding which disposes of all claims of the
parties that are the subject of the reference. Pursuant to CCP 644, such decision shall be entered by the Court as a judgment or
an order in the same manner as if the action had been tried by the Court and any such decision will be final, binding and conclusive.
The parties reserve the right to appeal from the final judgment or order or from any appealable decision or order entered by the referee.
The parties reserve the right to findings of fact, conclusions of laws, a written statement of decision, and the right to move for a new
trial or a different judgment, which new trial, if granted, is also to be a reference proceeding under this provision.

29

12.9 If
the enabling legislation which provides for appointment of a referee is repealed (and no successor statute is enacted), any dispute between
the parties that would otherwise be determined by reference procedure will be resolved and determined by arbitration. The arbitration
will be conducted by a retired judge or justice, in accordance with the California Arbitration Act 1280 through 1294.2 of
the CCP as amended from time to time. The limitations with respect to discovery set forth above shall apply to any such arbitration proceeding.

12.10 THE
PARTIES RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT ALL CONTROVERSIES, DISPUTES AND CLAIMS RESOLVED UNDER THIS REFERENCE PROVISION WILL BE DECIDED BY A REFEREE
AND NOT BY A JURY. AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF ITS, HIS OR HER OWN CHOICE, EACH PARTY
KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY, AND FOR THE MUTUAL BENEFIT OF ALL PARTIES, AGREES THAT THIS REFERENCE PROVISION WILL APPLY TO ANY CONTROVERSY,
DISPUTE OR CLAIM BETWEEN OR AMONG THEM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO, THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.

13. General
Provisions.

13.1 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each of the
parties; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by Borrower without Banks
prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in Banks sole discretion. Bank shall have the right without the
consent of or notice to Borrower to sell, transfer, negotiate, or grant participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Banks
obligations, rights and benefits hereunder.

13.2 Indemnification.
Borrower shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Bank and its officers, employees, and agents against: (a) all obligations, demands,
claims, and liabilities claimed or asserted by any other party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and
(b) all losses or Bank Expenses in any way suffered, incurred, or paid by Bank as a result of or in any way arising out of, following,
or consequential to transactions between Bank and Borrower whether under this Agreement, or otherwise (including without limitation reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses), except for losses caused by Banks gross negligence or willful misconduct.

13.3 Time
of Essence. Time is of the essence for the performance of all obligations set forth in this Agreement.

13.4 Severability
of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement for the purpose of
determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.

13.5 Amendments
in Writing, Integration. Neither this Agreement nor the Loan Documents can be amended or terminated orally. All prior agreements,
understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement
and the Loan Documents, if any, are merged into this Agreement and the Loan Documents.

13.6 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed
and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement.

13.7 Survival.
All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect so long as any Obligations
remain outstanding or Bank has any obligation to make Credit Extensions to Borrower. The obligations of Borrower to indemnify Bank with
respect to the expenses, damages, losses, costs and liabilities described in Section 13.2 shall survive until all applicable statute
of limitations periods with respect to actions that may be brought against Bank have run.

30

13.8 Confidentiality.
In handling any confidential information Bank and all employees and agents of Bank, including but not limited to accountants, shall exercise
the same degree of care that it exercises with respect to its own proprietary information of the same types to maintain the confidentiality
of any non-public information thereby received or received pursuant to this Agreement except that disclosure of such information may be
made (i) to the subsidiaries or affiliates of Bank in connection with their present or prospective business relations with Borrower,
(ii) to prospective transferees or purchasers of any interest in the Credit Extensions, (iii) as required by law, regulations,
rule or order, subpoena, judicial order, or similar order, (iv) as may be required in connection with the examination, audit,
or similar investigation of Bank and (v) as Bank may determine in connection with the enforcement of any remedies hereunder. Confidential
information hereunder shall not include information that either: (a) is in the public domain or in the knowledge or possession of
Bank when disclosed to Bank, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to Bank through no fault of Bank; or (b) is disclosed
to Bank by a third party, provided Bank does not have actual knowledge that such third party is prohibited from disclosing such information.

13.9 Patriot
Act Notice. Bank notifies Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed
into law on October 26, 2001) (the Patriot Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies
Borrower, which information includes names and addresses and other information that will allow Bank to identify Borrower in accordance
with the Patriot Act.

14. CO-BORROWERS.

14.1 Co-Borrowers.
Borrowers are jointly and severally liable for the Obligations and Bank may proceed against one Borrower to enforce the Obligations without
waiving its right to proceed against the other Borrower. This Agreement and the Loan Documents are a primary and original obligation of
each Borrower and shall remain in effect notwithstanding future changes in conditions, including any change of law or any invalidity or
irregularity in the creation or acquisition of any Obligations or in the execution or delivery of any agreement between Bank and any Borrower.
Each Borrower shall be liable for existing and future Obligations as fully as if all of the Credit Extensions were advanced to such Borrower.
Bank may rely on any certificate or representation made by any Borrower as made on behalf of, and binding on, each Borrower, including
without limitation Credit Extension Request Forms and Compliance Certificates. Each Borrower appoints each other Borrower as its agent
with all necessary power and authority to give and receive notices, certificates or demands for and on behalf of each Borrower, to act
as disbursing agent for receipt of any Advances on behalf of each Borrower and to apply to Bank on behalf of each Borrower for Advances,
any waivers and any consents. This authorization cannot be revoked, and Bank need not inquire as to one Borrowers authority to
act for or on behalf of another Borrower.

14.2 Subrogation
and Similar Rights. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Borrower irrevocably waives,
until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) are paid in full and Bank has no further obligation to make Credit Extensions
to each Borrower, all rights that it may have at law or in equity (including, without limitation, any law subrogating a Borrower to the
rights of Bank under the Loan Documents) to seek contribution, indemnification, or any other form of reimbursement from any other Borrower,
or any other Person now or hereafter primarily or secondarily liable for any of the Obligations, for any payment made by a Borrower with
respect to the Obligations in connection with the Loan Documents or otherwise and all rights that it might have to benefit from, or to
participate in, any security for the Obligations as a result of any payment made by a Borrower with respect to the Obligations in connection
with the Loan Documents or otherwise. Any agreement providing for indemnification, reimbursement or any other arrangement prohibited under
this Section shall be null and void. If any payment is made to a Borrower in contravention of this Section, such Borrower shall hold
such payment in trust for Bank and such payment shall be promptly delivered to Bank for application to the Obligations, whether matured
or unmatured.

31

14.3 Waivers
of Notice. Each Borrower waives, to the extent permitted by law, notice of acceptance hereof; notice of the existence, creation or
acquisition of any of the Obligations; notice of an Event of Default except as set forth herein; notice of the amount of the Obligations
outstanding at any time; notice of any adverse change in the financial condition of any other Borrower or of any other fact that might
increase a Borrowers risk; presentment for payment; demand; protest and notice thereof as to any instrument; and all other notices
and demands to which Borrower would otherwise be entitled by virtue of being a co-borrower or a surety. Each Borrower waives any defense
arising from any defense of any other Borrower, or by reason of the cessation from any cause whatsoever of the liability of any other
Borrower. Banks failure at any time to require strict performance by any Borrower of any provision of the Loan Documents shall
not waive, alter or diminish any right of Bank thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance therewith. Each Borrower also waives
any defense arising from any act or omission of Bank that changes the scope of Borrowers risks hereunder. Each Borrower hereby
waives any right to assert against Bank any defense (legal or equitable), setoff, counterclaim, or claims that such Borrower individually
may now or hereafter have against another Borrower or any other Person liable to Bank with respect to the Obligations in any manner or
whatsoever.

14.4 Subrogation
of Defenses. For so long as any Obligations are outstanding or Bank has any obligations to make Credit Extensions to Borrower hereunder,
each Borrower hereby agrees not to assert any defense based on impairment or destruction of its subrogation or other rights against any
other Borrower and waives all benefits which might otherwise be available to it under California Civil Code Sections 2809, 2810, 2819,
2839, 2845, 2848, 2849, 2850, 2899, and 3433 and California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 580a, 580b, 580d and 726, as those statutory
provisions are now in effect and hereafter amended, and under any other similar statutes now and hereafter in effect. This Section 14.4
shall have no further force or effect and shall terminate automatically upon the indefeasible repayment in full in cash of all Obligations
owing to Bank and the termination of this Agreement and Banks obligation to make Credit Extensions to Borrower hereunder.

14.5 Right
to Settle, Release

(a) The
liability of Borrower hereunder shall not be diminished by (i) any agreement, understanding, or representation that any of the Obligations
is or was to be guaranteed by another Person or secured by other property, or (ii) any release or unenforceability, whether partial
or total, of rights, if any, which Bank may now or hereafter have against any other Person, including another Borrower, or property with
respect to any of the Obligations.

(b) Without
notice to any given Borrower and without affecting the liability of any given Borrower hereunder, Bank may (i) compromise, settle,
renew, extend the time for payment, change the manner or terms of payment, discharge the performance of, decline to enforce, or release
all or any of the Obligations with respect to any other Borrower by written agreement with such other Borrower, (ii) grant other
indulgences to another Borrower in respect of the Obligations, (iii) modify in any manner any documents relating to the Obligations
with respect to any other Borrower by written agreement with such other Borrower, (iv) release, surrender or exchange any deposits
or other property securing the Obligations, whether pledged by a Borrower or any other Person, or (v) compromise, settle, renew,
or extend the time for payment, discharge the performance of, decline to enforce, or release all or any obligations of any guarantor,
endorser or other Person who is now or may hereafter be liable with respect to any of the Obligations.

14.6 Subordination.
All indebtedness of a Borrower now or hereafter arising held by another Borrower, except as disclosed in the attached Schedule, is subordinated
to the Obligations, and Borrower holding the indebtedness shall take all actions reasonably requested by Bank to effect, to enforce and
to give notice of such subordination.

15. NOTICE
OF FINAL AGREEMENT.

BY
SIGNING THIS DOCUMENT EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND AGREES THAT: (A) THIS WRITTEN AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE
PARTIES, (B) THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND (C) THIS WRITTEN AGREEMENT MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED
BY EVIDENCE OF ANY PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDINGS OF THE PARTIES.

[Signature
Page Follows]

32

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

AUDIOEYE, INC. 

By: /s/ Kelly Georgevich

Name: Kelly Georgevich 

Title: Chief Financial Officer

ADA SITE COMPLIANCE, LLC

By: /s/ Kelly Georgevich

Name: Kelly Georgevich

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CRITERION 508 SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Kelly Georgevich

Name: Kelly Georgevich

Title: Chief Financial Officer

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, AN ARIZONA CORPORATION

By: /s/ Francesco Corradino

Name: Francesco Corradino

Title: Director

EXHIBIT A

DEBTOR: AUDIOEYE,INC., a Delaware corporation

ADA
SITE COMPLIANCE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

CRITERION 508 SOLUTIONS, INC.,
an Iowa corporation

SECURED PARTY: WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, an Arizona corporation

COLLATERAL
DESCRIPTION ATTACHMENT

TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

All personal property of Borrower
(herein referred to as Borrower or Debtor) whether presently existing or hereafter created or acquired, and
wherever located, including, but not limited to:

(a) all
accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables), chattel paper (including tangible and electronic chattel paper), deposit accounts,
documents (including negotiable documents), equipment (including all accessions and additions thereto), Intellectual Property Collateral
and other general intangibles (including payment intangibles and software), goods (including fixtures), instruments (including promissory
notes), inventory (including all goods held for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, and including returns and
repossessions), investment property (including securities and securities entitlements), letter of credit rights, money, and all of Debtors
books and records with respect to any of the foregoing, and the computers and equipment containing said books and records; and

(b) any
and all cash proceeds and/or noncash proceeds of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, insurance proceeds, and all supporting
obligations and the security therefor or for any right to payment. All terms above have the meanings given to them in the California Uniform
Commercial Code, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Exhibit B

CREDIT EXTENSION REQUEST FORM

(To be submitted no later than 3:00 PM to be
considered for same day processing)

To: Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation 

Date: 

From: AUDIOEYE, INC., ADA SITE COMPLIANCE, LLC and CRITERION 508 SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Borrower's Name 

Authorized Signature 

Authorized Signer's
Name (please print) 

Phone Number 

To Account # 

Borrower hereby requests funding in the amount
of $ _______ in accordance with the Credit Extension as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement dated March 31, 2025.

All representations and warranties of Borrower
stated in the Loan and Security Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the date of this Credit Extension
Request Form; provided that those representations and warranties expressly referring to another date shall be true, correct and
complete in all material respects as of such date.

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined have the meanings set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement.

Exhibit C

Compliance
Certificate

TO: WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, an Arizona corporation

FROM: AUDIOEYE, INC., a Delaware corporation (AudioEye)

CRITERION 508 SOLUTIONS, INC., an
Iowa corporation (Criterion)

ADA
SITE COMPLIANCE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (ADA, together with AudioEye and Criterion, individually
and collectively, jointly and severally, Borrower)

The undersigned authorized
officer of ___________________________ hereby certifies that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement
between Borrower and Bank (the Agreement), (i) Borrower is in complete compliance for the period ending _______________
with all required covenants except as noted below and (ii) except as noted below or on the attached, all representations and warranties
of Borrower stated in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof (provided, however, that those
representations and warranties expressly referring to another date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date).
Attached herewith are the required documents supporting the above certification. The Officer further certifies that these are prepared
in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and are consistently applied from one period to the next except as
explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes.

Please indicate compliance status by circling
Yes/No under Complies column.

Reporting Covenant Required Complies

Annual financial statements (CPA Audited) FYE within 180 days if required by Borrowers board of directors Yes No

Monthly financial statements, Compliance Certificate, Monthly Recurring Revenue & Annual Recurring Revenue by customer reports, KPI reports, churn reports Monthly within 30 days Yes No

10K and 10Q (as applicable) Yes No

Annual operating budget as approved by board of directors FYE within 30 days Yes No

A/R & A/P Agings Monthly within 30 days Yes No

Collateral Audit Initial and Annual (if requested) Yes No

Deposit balances with Bank $ ___________________ 

Deposit balance outside Bank $ ___________________ 

Financial Covenants: Required Actual Complies

Minimum Cash (during Testing Period A) >$3,000,000.00 $ Yes No

Committed Debt to ARR Ratio (during Testing Period A) See Section 6.8(b) _______ Yes No

Maximum Total Leverage (during Testing Period B) See Section 6.8(c) _______ Yes No

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (during Testing Period B) >1.50x _______ Yes No

1

Other Matters: 

Response?

(Circle or select Yes

or No
from drop

down menu)

Have there been any amendments of or other changes to the Operating Documents of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, any such entitys formation documents or bylaws (if a corporation), limited liability company agreement (if a limited liability company), or partnership agreement or limited partnership agreement (if a partnership or limited partnership)? If yes, provide copies of any such amendments or changes with this Compliance Certificate. Y/N

Are there any exceptions with respect to the above? If yes, please attach comments regarding such exceptions to this Compliance Certificate. Y/N

Sincerely, 

SIGNATURE 

TITLE 

DATE:_________________________________ 

2

SCHEDULE OF EXCEPTIONS

Permitted Indebtedness (Section 1.1)

None.

Permitted Investments (Section 1.1)

None.

Permitted Liens (Section 1.1)

UCC financing statement no. 2019 4895319 filed on July 12, 2019
by Financial Agent Services relating to certain MacBooks

UCC financing statement no 2021 2987338 filed on April 16, 2021
by Corporation Service Company, as representative relating to certain MacBooks

Grant of Security Interest (Section 4.1)

None.

Inbound Licenses (Section 5.6)

None.

Prior Names and Locations (Section 5.7)

The Borrower has computer equipment at various locations.

Litigation (Section 5.8)

None

Environmental Condition (Section 5.12)

None.

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>aeye-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aeye-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aeye-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38640

Entity Registrant Name AUDIOEYE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001362190

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-2939845

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5210 E. Williams Circle

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 750

Entity Address, City or Town Tucson

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85711

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 331-5324

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol AEYE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://audioeyeinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aeye-20250331.xsd 
aeye-20250331_lab.xml 
aeye-20250331_pre.xml 
tm2511082d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030650-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm2511082d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001362190 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001362190 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
AUDIOEYE, INC. 
DE 
001-38640 
20-2939845 
5210 E. Williams Circle 
Suite 750 
Tucson 
AZ 
85711 
866 
331-5324 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
AEYE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>