<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001654954-25-000715.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001654954-25-000715.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124161429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-25-000715
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LAKELAND INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000798081
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				133115216
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15535
		FILM NUMBER:		25554374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1525 PERIMETER PARKWAY, SUITE 325
		CITY:			HUNTSVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35806
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-645-9291

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1525 PERIMETER PARKWAY, SUITE 325
		CITY:			HUNTSVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35806
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>lake_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?lake_8k.htm

0000798081false00007980812025-01-222025-01-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 22, 2025

__________________________________________

Lakeland Industries, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

0-15535 

13-3115216

(State or other jurisdiction 

(Commission 

(IRS Employer

of incorporation) 

File Number) 

Identification No.)

1525 Perimeter Parkway, Suite 325Huntsville, AL35806

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (256) 350-3873

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value 

LAKE 

NASDAQ Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 22, 2025, Lakeland Industries, Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters listed on Schedule I to the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriters), relating to the previously announced underwritten public offering (the Offering) by the Company of 1,820,000 shares (the Underwritten Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock).

The public offering price of the Underwritten Shares was $22.00 per share, and the Underwriter agreed to purchase the Underwritten Shares from the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement at a price of $20.68 per share (the Purchase Price). Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days, to purchase up to an additional 273,000 shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares and, together with the Underwritten Shares, the Shares) at the Purchase Price, which was exercised in full on January 23, 2025.

The Company estimates that the net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, will be approximately $42.8 million.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), other obligations of the parties and other terms and conditions customary in agreements of this type. A copy of the Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit.

The Offering was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280783) (the Registration Statement) that was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 12, 2024 and declared effective by the SEC on July 23, 2024, including the prospectus forming a part of the Registration Statement, and a final prospectus supplement, which was filed with the SEC on January 24, 2025, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. The Offering closed on January 24, 2025.

In connection with the Offering, certain information relating to Part II, Item 14 of the Registration Statement under the heading Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution is being filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 22, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had commenced the Offering, on January 23, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had priced the Offering, and on January 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had closed the Offering. Copies of these press releases are attached as Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description of Exhibit

1.1* 

Underwriting Agreement by and between Lakeland Industries, Inc. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as representative of the underwriters, dated January 22, 2025.

5.1 

Opinion of Maynard Nexsen PC.

23.1 

Consent of Maynard Nexsen PC (contained in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 

Press Release of the Company, dated January 22, 2025.

99.2 

Press Release of the Company, dated January 23, 2025.

99.3 

Press Release of the Company, dated January 24, 2025.

99.4 

Information relating to Part II, Item 14 Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution of the Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-280783)

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LAKELAND INDUSTRIES, INC. 

/s/ Roger D. Shannon 

Roger D. Shannon 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: January 24, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>lake_ex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
lake_ex11.htm

EXHIBIT 1.1

1,820,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

OF

LAKELAND INDUSTRIES, INC.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

January 22, 2025

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

As the Representative of the Several 

Underwriters Named on Schedule I hereto

888 San Clemente Drive, Suite 400

Newport Beach, California 92660

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Lakeland Industries, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement as being subsidiaries or affiliates of Lakeland Industries, Inc., the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with the several underwriters (such underwriters, including the Representative (as defined below), the Underwriters and each an Underwriter) named in Schedule I hereto for which Roth Capital Partners, LLC is acting as representative to the several Underwriters (the Representative) on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

It is understood that the several Underwriters are to make a public offering of the Public Shares as soon as the Representative deems it advisable to do so. The Public Shares are to be offered to the public at the initial public offering price set forth in the Prospectus.

It is further understood that you will act as the Representative for the Underwriters in the offering and sale of the Closing Shares and, if any, the Option Shares in accordance with this Agreement.

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Affiliate means with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Closing Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing Date means the hour and the date on the Trading Day on which all conditions precedent to (i) the Underwriters obligations to pay the Closing Purchase Price and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Closing Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third Trading Day following the date hereof or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company.

Closing Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b), which aggregate purchase price shall be net of the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Closing Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Auditors means Deloitte & Touche LLP (Deloitte) (for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2024 and 2023) and RSM US LLP (RSM) (commencing with the quarter ended October 31, 2024).

Company Counsel means Maynard Nexsen PC, with offices located at 1901 Sixth Ave N, Suite 1700, Birmingham, Alabama 35203.

Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Effective Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

Underwriter Counsel means DLA Piper LLP (US), with offices located at 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105.

Environmental Laws means all Laws, now or hereafter in effect and as amended, relating to the Environment, health, safety, natural resources or Hazardous Materials, including CERCLA; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.; the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.; the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.; and the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution Date shall mean the date on which the parties execute and enter into this Agreement.

2

Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any equity or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Shares issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith (for at least three (3) months after the acquisition date), and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Hazardous Materials means (i) petroleum and petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, transformers or other equipment that contain polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (ii) any other chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of hazardous substances, hazardous wastes, hazardous materials, extremely hazardous wastes, restricted hazardous wastes, toxic substances, toxic pollutants, contaminants or pollutants, or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law.

Indebtedness means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up Agreements means the lock-up agreements that are delivered on the date hereof by each of the Companys officers and directors, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

Material Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Offering shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(c).

Option Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(c).

Option Closing Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(b), which aggregate purchase price shall be net of the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Option Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Over-Allotment Option shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

3

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preliminary Prospectus means, if any, any preliminary prospectus relating to the Shares included in the Registration Statement or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b).

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus Supplement means, if any, any supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission.

Public Shares means, collectively, the Closing Shares and, if any, the Option Shares.

Registration Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280783) with respect to the Shares, each as amended as of the date hereof, including the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement, if any, the Preliminary Prospectus, if any, and all exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement.

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with Section 2.1(a) and Section 2.2(a).

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means Computershare Limited, with offices located at 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

4

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.

(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell in the aggregate 1,820,000 shares of Common Stock, and each Underwriter agrees to purchase, severally and not jointly, at the Closing, the number of shares of Common Stock (the Closing Shares) set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I hereof;

(b) The aggregate purchase price for the Closing Shares shall equal the amount set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I hereto (the Closing Purchase Price). The purchase price for one Share shall be $20.68 (the Share Purchase Price); and

(c) On the Closing Date, each Underwriter shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Underwriters Closing Purchase Price and the Company shall deliver to, or as directed by, such Underwriter its respective Closing Shares and the Company shall deliver the other items required pursuant to Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Underwriter Counsel or such other location as the Company and the Representative shall mutually agree. The Public Shares are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus Supplement (the Offering).

2.2 Over-Allotment Option.

(a) For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Closing Shares, the Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 273,000 shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares).

(b) In connection with an exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, (a) the purchase price to be paid for the Option Shares is equal to the product of the Share Purchase Price multiplied by the number of Option Shares to be purchased (the aggregate purchase price to be paid on an Option Closing Date, the Option Closing Purchase Price).

(c) The Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to this Section 2.2 may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Shares within 45 days after the Execution Date. An Underwriter will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option by the Representative. The Over-Allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (each, an Option Closing Date), which will not be later than one (1) full business day after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of Underwriter Counsel or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, each Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Shares specified in such notice. The Representative may cancel the Over-Allotment Option at any time prior to the expiration of the Over-Allotment Option by written notice to the Company.

5

2.3 Deliveries. The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Underwriter (if applicable) the following:

(i) At the Closing Date, the Closing Shares and, as to each Option Closing Date, if any, the applicable Option Shares, which shares shall be delivered via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system for the accounts of the several Underwriters;

(ii) At the Closing Date, a legal opinion of Company Counsel addressed to the Underwriters, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto and as to the Closing Date and as to each Option Closing Date, if any, a bring-down opinion from Company Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(iii) At the Closing Date, a legal opinion of Underwriter Counsel addressed to the Underwriters, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter, and as to the Closing Date and as to each Option Closing Date, if any, a bring-down opinion from Underwriter Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(iv) Contemporaneously herewith, cold comfort letters, addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative from each of Deloitte and RSM dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and bring-down letters from each of Deloitte and RSM dated as of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any;

(v) Contemporaneously herewith, the duly executed and delivered Principal Financial Officers Certificate of the Companys Principal Financial Officer, in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative, dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement; and a bring-down Principal Financial Officers Certificate dated as of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any;

(vi) On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, the duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, substantially in the form required by Exhibit B attached hereto;

(vii) On the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, the duly executed and delivered Secretarys Certificate, substantially in the form required by Exhibit C attached hereto; and

(viii) Contemporaneously herewith, the duly executed and delivered Lock-Up Agreements.

2.4 Closing Conditions. The respective obligations of each Underwriter hereunder in connection with the Closing and each Option Closing Date are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the date in question (other than representations and warranties of the Company already qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the date in question shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by the Company, Company Counsel, Underwriter Counsel and Company Auditors of the items set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement;

(iv) the Registration Statement shall be effective on the date of this Agreement and at each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative;

6

(v) by the Execution Date, if required by FINRA, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement;

(vi) the Closing Shares and the Option Shares have been approved for listing on the Trading Market; and

(vii) prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus; (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Affiliate of the Company before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and neither the Registration Statement nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Execution Date, as of the Closing Date and as of each Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

(a) Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(a), all of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns, directly or indirectly, capital stock or other equity interests of any other Person.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company, each of the Subsidiaries organized under the laws of the United States, and, to the Companys knowledge, each of the Subsidiaries organized under non-United States laws, is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as described in the SEC Reports. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

7

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including, without limitation, U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations and the Companies Act 2006 and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom and the EU Regulation (No. 596/2014) on market abuse), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (ii) notices and filings as are required to be made under applicable Nasdaq rules, (iii) filings as are required to be made with FINRA, if applicable, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Registration Statement. The Company has filed with the Commission the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which became effective on July 23, 2024 (the Effective Date), for the registration under the Securities Act of the Shares. At the time of such filing, the Company met the requirements of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act and complies with said Rule and the Prospectus Supplement will meet the requirements set forth in Rule 424(b). The Company has advised the Representative of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Exchange Act, on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described, referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Company's knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, free writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company will not, without the prior consent of the Representative, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.

8

(g) Issuance of Shares. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The holder of the Shares will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Shares has been duly and validly taken. The Sharesconform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement.

(h) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys equity plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plan and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Shares, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Underwriters) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. The authorized shares of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the Companys securities were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers, exempt from such registration requirements. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Shares.

9

(i) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to (x) any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representative expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described in Section 6.3. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the SEC Reports conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in material default thereunder and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(j) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) that are material to the Company other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) except for a change in the auditors as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not changed its independent registered accounting firm or altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity plans and (vi) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one Trading Day prior to the date of this Agreement. Unless otherwise disclosed in an SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital stock.

10

(k) Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(k), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(l) Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own, lease and operate their properties and assets or conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports (the Company Permits), except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Company Permit. The disclosures in the Registration Statement concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects. All Company Permits are valid and in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full force and effect could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is, and each of its Subsidiaries is, in compliance with the terms and requirements of such Company Permits, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(o) Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws in all material respects, including, but not limited to, possessing all permits and other governmental authorizations required for their operations under applicable Environmental Laws. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened Action pursuant to any Environmental Law against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice from any person, including but not limited to any governmental authority, alleging that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been or is in violation of any applicable Environmental Law or otherwise may be liable under any applicable Environmental Law, which violation or liability is unresolved. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party or subject to any material order of a governmental authority pursuant to Environmental Law. With respect to real property that is currently owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or was formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to the Companys knowledge, (i) there have been no releases, spills or discharges of Hazardous Materials on or underneath, or migrating to or from any of such real property, and (ii) there is no storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any such real property, that in either case would reasonably be expected to result in an obligation to remediate such environmental condition pursuant to applicable Environmental Law in effect as of the Closing Date or result in liability pursuant to applicable Environmental Law in effect as of the Closing Date with respect to remediation conducted by other Persons. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not, either expressly or by operation of law, assumed, undertaken, or provided an indemnity with respect to any material liability (contingent or otherwise) or material investigatory, remedial or corrective obligation of any other Person relating to Environmental Laws.

(p) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable rights to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties, and (iii) Liens as set forth in the SEC Reports. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

12

(q) Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries own, or have valid and enforceable rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights as are necessary or required to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). The Intellectual Property Rights are currently in compliance with all legal requirements (including timely filings, proofs, prosecution, disclosures and payments of fees) and are valid, subsisting and enforceable and no loss of any of the material Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any Subsidiary is reasonably foreseeable (except for patents upon the expiration of their statutory term). None of the Intellectual Property Rights is now involved in, or has been involved in within the past three (3) years, any cancellation, Action, opposition proceeding, or other dispute, litigation or proceeding, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such action is threatened. No patent contained in the Intellectual Property Rights is now involved in any interference, reissue, re-examination or opposition proceeding and no such patent has been misused. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned within two (2) years of the date of this Agreement. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not infringed, misappropriated or otherwise impaired or conflicted with, and the conduct of the Companys and its Subsidiaries businesses as currently conducted does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise impair or conflict with (collectively, Infringe) any intellectual property or other rights of any third party. To the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights are not being Infringed by any third party. There is no litigation, claim or order that was either made within the past three (3) years or is presently pending or outstanding or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened or imminent, that alleges that the conduct of the respective businesses of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries Infringes any intellectual property rights of a third party, or that seeks to limit or challenge or that concerns the ownership, use, patentability, registrability, validity or enforceability of any Intellectual Property Rights and the Companys and its Subsidiaries use of any Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken all actions reasonably necessary to maintain, protect, and enforce all material Intellectual Property Rights, including the secrecy, confidentiality and value of trade secrets and other confidential information. All non-administrative employees, consultants and independent contractors of the Company or any Subsidiary who have had access to confidential information of the Company or any Subsidiary and/or who have been involved in, or have contributed to, the creation or development of any Intellectual Property Rights have executed a written agreement to maintain the confidentiality of such confidential information and to assign to the Company or such Subsidiary all Intellectual Property Rights created or developed by such Person in the course of such Persons employment or other engagement with the Company and has executed appropriate agreements that are substantially consistent with the Companys standard forms thereof.

(r) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(s) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including issuances under any equity plan of the Company.

13

(t) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including the Subsidiaries, is made known to the certifying officers by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the Companys most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, is being prepared. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has established internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company's certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and the Companys internal control over financial reporting (collectively, internal controls) as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of such internal controls based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Company's internal controls or, to the Company's Knowledge, in other factors that could significantly affect the Company's internal controls.

(u) Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. To the Companys knowledge, there are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

(v) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

(x) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees of the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

14

(y) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of the Underwriters and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents.

(z) Disclosure; 10b-5. The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, if any, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations under the Securities Act and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations. Each of the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The SEC Reports, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to the SEC Reports incorporated by reference in the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement), in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; provided that this representation and warranty shall not apply to (x) any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representative expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described in Section 6.3. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.

(aa) No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

15

(bb) Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.

(cc) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

(dd) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the FCPA.

(ee) Accountants. Deloitte, whose report is filed with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and RSM, are independent registered public accounting firms as required by the Exchange Act. RSM shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(ee), the Company Auditors have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

16

(ff) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, directors or officers, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any employee, agent, affiliate or other Person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, or the non-Ukrainian-government controlled regions of Kherson or Zaporizhzhia of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria (each, a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Public Shares hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any Person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. For the past five years, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged and will not engage in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. The Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted, maintain and enforce, and will continue to maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all Sanctions provisions.

(gg) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements, including, to the extent applicable, those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, the U.S. Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and each of the Subsidiaries conduct business, each as may be amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. The Company and the Subsidiaries have instituted, maintained and enforced, and will continue to maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable Money Laundering Laws.

(hh) D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement provided to the Underwriters is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

(ii) FINRA Affiliation. To the Companys knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Companys unregistered securities has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA) that is participating in the Offering. The Company will advise the Representative and Underwriter Counselif it learns that any officer, director or owner of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm.

(jj) Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or Underwriter Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

(kk) Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set forth in the Companys latest Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on May 1, 2024, as supplemented on May 10, 2024. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading Market. At least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Trading Market. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

17

(ll) Smaller Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.

(mm) Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Shares to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

(nn) Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) under the Securities Act) of the Public Shares and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Underwriters complete conformed copies of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part thereof, and conformed copies of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as an Underwriter reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares other than the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement, and copies of the documents incorporated by reference therein. The Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

4.2 Federal Securities Laws.

(a) Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Shares in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will notify the Underwriters promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 4.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Securities Act.

18

(b) Filing of Final Prospectus Supplement. The Company will file the Prospectus Supplement (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424.

(c) Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three years from the Execution Date, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company will not deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph shall not apply in the event of the acquisition of the Company, whether by merger or other form.

(d) Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the rules and regulations under the Securities Act, without the prior written consent of the Representative. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative is herein referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in the rules and regulations under the Securities Act, and has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act, including timely Commission filing where required, legending and record keeping.

4.3 Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, from time to time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act such number of copies of each Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to you two original executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all original executed consents of certified experts.

4.4 Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Underwriters. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus until nine (9) months from the Execution Date, and will notify the Underwriters immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 4.4 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

4.5 Review of Financial Statements. For a period of five (5) years from the Execution Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accountants to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph shall not apply in the event of the acquisition of the Company, whether by merger or other form.

19

4.6 Expenses of the Offering.

(a) General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Shares to be sold in the Offering (including the Option Shares) with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public Offering Filing System fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Closing Shares and Option Shares on the Trading Market and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine; (c) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of such Shares under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the fees and expenses of Blue Sky counsel); (d) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including, without limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, Underwriters Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (e) the costs and expenses of the Companys public relations firm; (f) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering the Shares; (g) fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent for the Shares (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company); (h) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the Underwriters; (i) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (j) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (k) the Underwriters costs of mailing prospectuses to prospective investors; and (l) the costs associated with advertising the Offering in the national editions of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times after the Closing Date. The Underwriters may also deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, or each Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters.

(b) Accountable Expenses. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to Section 4.6(a), on the Closing Date it will pay to the Representative all costs and expenses incident to the performance of the Representative under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters, subject to a cap of $125,000, by deduction from the proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein.

4.7 Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application described under the caption Use Of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

4.8 Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Execution Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations under the Securities Act, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Execution Date.

4.9 Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares.

4.10 Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

4.11 Accountants. The Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm for a period of at least three years after the Execution Date. The Underwriters acknowledge that the Company Auditor is acceptable to the Underwriters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph shall not apply in the event of the acquisition of the Company, whether by merger or other form.

20

4.12 FINRA. The Company shall advise the Underwriters (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 5% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of an Underwriter.

4.13 No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual and commercial in nature, based on arms-length negotiations and that neither the Underwriters nor their affiliates or any selected dealer shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company acknowledges that the Underwriters may have financial interests in the success of the Offering that are not limited to the difference between the price to the public and the purchase price paid to the Company by the Underwriters for the shares and the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose, or account to the Company for, any of such additional financial interests. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty.

4.14 [RESERVED]

4.15 Board Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and with the listing requirements of the Trading Market and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder.

4.16 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. At the request of the Representative, by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time), or such other time mutually agreed to with the Company, on the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the Offering. The Company and the Representative shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the Offering, and neither the Company nor any Underwriter shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of such Underwriter, or without the prior consent of such Underwriter, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. The Company will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the first business day following the 40th day following the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business.

4.17 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Underwriter of the Shares is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Underwriter of Shares could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Shares.

4.18 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Option Shares pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option.

4.19 Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Closing Shares and Option Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph shall not apply in the event of the acquisition of the Company, whether by merger or other form.

21

4.20 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until the ninety (90) day anniversary of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.20 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.21 Research Independence. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriters research analysts and research departments, if any, are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters research analysts may hold and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company and/or the offering that differ from the views of its investment bankers. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against such Underwriter with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Representative is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for their own accounts or the accounts of their customers and hold long or short position in debt or equity securities of the Company.

ARTICLE V.

DEFAULT BY UNDERWRITERS

If on the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, if any, any Underwriter shall fail to purchase and pay for the portion of the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which such Underwriter has agreed to purchase and pay for on such date (otherwise than by reason of any default on the part of the Company), the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters, shall use their reasonable efforts to procure within 36 hours thereafter one or more of the other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase from the Company such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms set forth herein, the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase. If during such 36 hours the Representative shall not have procured such other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, agreed to be purchased by the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters, then (a) if the aggregate number of Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur does not exceed 10% of the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, covered hereby, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in proportion to the respective numbers of Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which they are obligated to purchase hereunder, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase, or (b) if the aggregate number of Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur exceeds 10% of the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, covered hereby, the Company or the Representative will have the right to terminate this Agreement without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters or of the Company except to the extent provided in Article VI hereof. In the event of a default by any Underwriter or Underwriters, as set forth in this Article V, the applicable Closing Date may be postponed for such period, not exceeding seven days, as the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters, may determine in order that the required changes in the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. The term Underwriter includes any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter. Any action taken under this Section shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

22

ARTICLE VI.

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1 Indemnification of the Underwriters. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters, and each dealer selected by each Underwriter that participates in the offer and sale of the Shares (each a Selected Dealer) and each of their respective directors, officers and employees and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or any Selected Dealer (Controlling Person) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between such Underwriter and the Company or between such Underwriter and any third party or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i) any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Shares, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Article VI, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Shares under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, Trading Market or any securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the applicable Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any application, as the case may be. With respect to any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in the Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6.1 shall not inure to the benefit of an Underwriter to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such Underwriter results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the Person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Shares to such Person as required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and if the untrue statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance by the Company with its obligations under this Agreement. The Company agrees promptly to notify each Underwriter of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or Controlling Persons in connection with the issue and sale of the Public Shares or in connection with the Registration Statement or Prospectus.

6.2 Procedure. If any action is brought against an Underwriter, a Selected Dealer or a Controlling Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant to Section 6.1, such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such Underwriter or such Selected Dealer, as the case may be) and payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by the Company in connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such action, or (iii) such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by such Underwriter (in addition to local counsel), Selected Dealer and/or Controlling Person shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter, Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the Company shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such action which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

23

6.3 Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers and employees and agents who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to such Underwriter, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to such Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in such Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any such application. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other Person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against such Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other Person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to such Underwriter by the provisions of this Article VI. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.3, no Underwriter shall be required to indemnify the Company for any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions applicable to the Shares purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters' obligations in this Section 6.3 to indemnify the Company are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

6.4 Contribution.

(a) Contribution Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Securities Act in any case in which (i) any Person entitled to indemnification under this Article VI makes a claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined (by the entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Article VI provides for indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the part of any such Person in circumstances for which indemnification is provided under this Article VI, then, and in each such case, the Company and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company and such Underwriter, as incurred, in such proportions that such Underwriter is responsible for that portion represented by the percentage that the underwriting discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the initial offering price appearing thereon and the Company is responsible for the balance; provided, that, no Person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section, each director, officer and employee of such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.4, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions applicable to the Shares purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters' obligations in this Section 6.4 to contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

(b) Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 6.4 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available.

24

ARTICLE VII.

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 Termination.

(a) Termination Right. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in its opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on any Trading Market shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Shares, or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Shares or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Shares.

(b) Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Article VI shall not be in any way effected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

7.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

7.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the e-mail address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

7.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Representative. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

25

7.5 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

7.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.

7.7 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action, suit or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Article VI, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

7.8 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the Option Closing, if any, and the delivery of the Shares.

7.9 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

7.10 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

7.11 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Underwriters and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

26

7.12 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

7.13 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

7.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE FOREVER ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

7.15 Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(i) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, shall be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(ii) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(iii) For purposes of this Section 19, (a) affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, (b) subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 of the Securities Act; (c) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k), (d) Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b), (e) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable, and (f) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

[Signature Page Follows]

27

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours, 

LAKELAND INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Roger D. Shannon 

Name: Roger D. Shannon 

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Address for Notice:

1525 Perimeter Parkway, Suite 325 

Huntsville, Alabama 35806 

Accepted on the date first above written.

ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC

As a Representative of the several

Underwriters listed on Schedule I

By: 

/s/ Aaron M. Gurewitz 

Name: Aaron M. Gurewitz 

Title: President and Head of Investment Banking 

Address for Notice:

888 San Clemente Drive, Suite 400

Newport Beach, CA 92660

28

SCHEDULE I

SCHEDULE OF UNDERWRITERS

Underwriters 

Closing 

Shares 

Closing 

Purchase 

Price 

Roth Capital Partners, LLC 

1,365,000 

$ 28,228,200 

Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC 

227,500 

$ 4,704,700 

Maxim Group LLC 

227,500 

$ 4,704,700 

Total 

1,820,000 

$ 37,637,600 

EXHIBIT A

Legal Opinion

[omitted]

EXHIBIT B

Officers Certificate

[omitted]

EXHIBIT C

Secretarys Certificate

[omitted]

EXHIBIT D

Lock-Up Agreement

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

[__] [__], 2025

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

888 San Clemente Drive

Newport Beach, CA 92660

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands that you, as the representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), propose to enter into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Lakeland Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), relating to a proposed offering of securities of the Company (the Offering) including shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company will also grant the Underwriters an option to purchase additional shares of Common Stock in an amount equal to up to 15% of the Closing Shares (the Option Shares). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Underwriting Agreement.

In consideration of the foregoing, and in order to induce you to participate in the Offering, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that, other than with respect to the sale of the Option Shares to the Underwriters pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Representative, the undersigned will not, during the period (the Lock-Up Period) beginning on the date hereof and ending on the date 90 days after the date of the final prospectus relating to the Offering (the Final Prospectus), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file (or participate in the filing of) a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect of, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock (including without limitation, shares of Common Stock which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant); (2) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the shares of Common Stock, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of any shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock; or (4) publicly announce an intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (1), (2) or (3) above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictions set forth in the paragraph above shall not apply to (a) transfers (i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, provided that the donee or donees thereof agree to be bound in writing by the restrictions set forth herein, or (ii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned, provided that the trustee of the trust agrees to be bound in writing by the restrictions set forth herein, and provided further that any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value; (b) dispositions by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or a member of the immediate family of the undersigned; (c) distributions to partners, members, or direct or indirect shareholders or any other direct or indirect equity owner of the undersigned (including, without limitation, to any entity or entities that directly or indirectly control, or are under common control with, the undersigned); (d) dispositions to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity in which the undersigned and/or any member of the immediate family of the undersigned owns a beneficial ownership interest, or dispositions to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity that manages, or that is controlled or managed by or is under common control or management with, the undersigned (including, without limitation, to any investment company or entity that manages, or that is controlled or managed by or is under common control or management with, the undersigned); (e) transfers or dispositions by operation of law, including pursuant to an order of a court or government agency, including a qualified domestic order; (f) the exercise of any option or warrant (but not the sale of any Common Stock received on the exercise thereof) and transfers of Common Stock or other Company securities subject to this Lock-Up Agreement to the Company in full or partial payment of the exercise price for options or warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock or to the Company for full or partial payment of taxes required to be paid upon the exercise of options or warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock, or upon the vesting of restricted shares or restricted stock units; or (g) transfers of Common Stock or other Company securities subject to this Lock-Up Agreement pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made to all holders of Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company occurring after the consummation of the Public Offering; provided that in the event that the tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the undersigneds shares of the Common Stock shall remain subject to the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement; provided, however, that (i) in the case of a transfer pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, it shall be a condition to the transfer that the transferee execute an agreement stating that the transferee is receiving and holding the securities subject to the provisions of this Lock-Up Agreement; (ii) in the case of a transfer pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (f), if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock by the undersigned during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include, in the case of any transfer or exercise, as the case may be, which was not for cash, a statement in such report to the effect that such transfer or distribution is not a disposition for cash. 

For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin. For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, change of control means any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, other than the Company, would become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of 50% of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company. 

The foregoing restrictions are expressly agreed to preclude the undersigned from engaging in any hedging or other transaction which is designed to or reasonably expected to lead to or result in a sale or disposition of shares of Common Stock even if such securities would be disposed of by someone other than the undersigned. Such prohibited hedging or other transactions would include without limitation any short sale or any purchase, sale or grant of any right (including without limitation any put option or put equivalent position or call option or call equivalent position) with respect to any of the shares of Common Stock or with respect to any security that includes, relates to, or derives any significant part of its value from such shares (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any broad-based market basket or index).

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement. All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of the undersigned.

The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar or depositary against the transfer of the undersigneds shares of Common Stock except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions.

The undersigned understands that, if the Offering is not completed by 5:30 p.m. Eastern time, February 28, 2025, or if the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the securities to be sold thereunder, the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Lock-Up Agreement.

This Lock-Up Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. The undersigned irrevocably (i) submits to the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Borough of Manhattan and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, for the purpose of any suit, action, or other proceeding arising out of this Lock-Up Agreement (each a Proceeding), (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of any Proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court, (iii) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any immunity from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process therein, (iv) agrees not to commence any Proceeding other than in such courts, and (v) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claim that such Proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum.

[Signature page follows]

Very truly yours, 

(Name - Please Print) 

(Signature) 

(Name of Signatory if an entity - Please Print) 

(Title of Signatory if an entity -Please Print)

Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lake_ex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION
<TEXT>
lake_ex51.htm

EXHIBIT 5.1

1901 Sixth Ave. N, Suite 1700

Birmingham, AL 35203

Telephone 205.254.1000

January 24, 2025

Lakeland Industries, Inc.

1525 Perimeter Parkway, Suite 325

Huntsville, Alabama 35806

Re: 

Prospectus Supplement to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-280783)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Lakeland Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the filing by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of a prospectus supplement, dated January 22, 2025, and filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on January 24, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to the prospectus dated July 23, 2024 (together with the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus), included as part of the above-referenced Registration Statement (the Registration Statement), relating to the issuance and sale by the Company of an aggregate of 2,093,000 shares (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, which includes 273,000 shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise by the Underwriters (as defined below) of an over-allotment option to purchase additional shares, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), by and between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters (the Underwriters). This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5)(i) of Regulation S-K, as promulgated by the Commission.

In rendering this opinion letter, we have examined originals or copies of the following documents: (a) the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, (b) the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws, (c) the Registration Statement, (d) the Underwriting Agreement and (e) the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) and of the pricing committee of the Board with respect to the filing of the Registration Statement and the issuance of the Shares. We have also examined such other documents, certificates and other instruments and made such other investigations as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of this opinion letter. We have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies. We have relied as to certain matters on information obtained from public officials and officers of the Company, and other sources believed by us to be responsible.

Lakeland Industries, Inc.

January 24, 2025

Page 2

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the limitations and qualifications herein set forth, we are of the opinion that the issuance of the Shares has been duly authorized by the Company and, when the Shares have been issued and paid for under the terms and conditions set forth in the Prospectus and the Underwriting Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of Alabama and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. We express no opinion as to any law or matter other than as expressly set forth above, and no opinion on any other matter may be inferred or implied herefrom. The opinion expressed herein is rendered as of the date hereof and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update this letter or advise you of any change in any matter after the date hereof.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company in connection with the offering and its incorporation into the Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Prospectus. In giving such consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Maynard Nexsen, PC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lake_ex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
lake_ex991.htm

EXHIBIT 99.1

Lakeland Fire + Safety Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock

HUNTSVILLE, AL January 22, 2025 Lakeland Industries, Inc. (Lakeland Fire + Safety or Lakeland) (NASDAQ: LAKE), a leading global manufacturer of protective clothing for industry, healthcare, and first responders, today announced a proposed underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock. Lakeland also expects to grant to the underwriters of the offering a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 15% of the shares of its common stock in the underwritten public offering on the same terms and conditions. All of the shares of common stock to be sold in the offering are to be sold by Lakeland.

Lakeland intends to use the net proceeds from the proposed offering for the repayment of certain indebtedness, and for operations and the growth of its business, including working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The offering is subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when such offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of such offering.

Roth Capital Partners is acting as sole book-running manager.

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280783) relating to the shares was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and became effective on July 23, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, when available, may be obtained by contacting: Roth Capital Partners, LLC, 888 San Clemente, Suite 400, Newport Beach, CA 92660, by telephone at (800) 678-9147 or by email at rothecm@roth.com.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the shares of common stock, nor will there be any sale of the shares of common stock in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted.

About Lakeland Fire + Safety

Lakeland Fire + Safety manufactures and sells a comprehensive line of fire services and industrial protective clothing and accessories for the industrial and first responder markets. Our products are sold globally by our in-house sales teams, our customer service group, and authorized independent sales representatives to a network of over 2,000 global safety and industrial supply distributors. Our authorized distributors supply end users, such as integrated oil, chemical/petrochemical, automobile, transportation, steel, glass, construction, smelting, cleanroom, janitorial, pharmaceutical, and high technology electronics manufacturers, as well as scientific, medical laboratories and the utilities industry. In addition, we supply federal, state and local governmental agencies and departments, such as fire and law enforcement, airport crash rescue units, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security and the Centers for Disease Control. Internationally, we sell to a mixture of end users directly and to industrial distributors, depending on the particular country and market. In addition to the United States, sales are made into more than 50 foreign countries, the majority of which were into China, the European Economic Community ("EEC"), Canada, Chile, Argentina, Russia, Kazakhstan, Colombia, Mexico, Ecuador, India, Uruguay, Middle East, Southeast Asia, Australia, Hong Kong and New Zealand.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that phrase is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, which address Lakeland's expectations of sources or uses for capital or which express the Company's expectation for the future with respect to financial performance or operating strategies, including statements regarding the proposed public offering and the use of proceeds therefrom, can be identified as forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described from time to time in Press Releases and Forms 8-K, registration statements, quarterly and annual reports and other reports and filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or made by management. As a result, there can be no assurance that Lakeland's future results will not be materially different from those described herein as "believed," "projected," "planned," "intended," "anticipated," "can," "estimated" or "expected," or other words which reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events. We caution readers that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. The Company hereby expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such statement is based, except as may be required by law.

Contacts

Lakeland Fire + Safety

256-600-1390

Roger Shannon

rdshannon@lakeland.com

Investor Relations

Chris Tyson

Executive Vice President

MZ Group - MZ North America

949-491-8235

LAKE@mzgroup.us

www.mzgroup.us

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lake_ex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
lake_ex992.htm

EXHIBIT 99.2

Lakeland Fire + Safety Announces Pricing of Public Offering of $40.0 Million of Common Stock

HUNTSVILLE, AL January 23, 2025 Lakeland Industries, Inc. (Lakeland Fire + Safety or Lakeland) (NASDAQ: LAKE), a leading global manufacturer of protective clothing for industry, healthcare, and first responders, today announced that it has priced its underwritten public offering of 1,820,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $22.00 per share.

Lakeland expects the gross proceeds from the offering to be approximately $40.0 million, before deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated offering expenses payable by Lakeland.

Roth Capital Partners is acting as sole book-running manager, and Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC and Maxim Group LLC are acting as co-managers for the offering.

Lakeland intends to use the net proceeds from the proposed offering for the repayment of certain indebtedness, and for operations and the growth of its business, including working capital and other general corporate purposes.

Lakeland has granted the underwriters in the offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 273,000 additional shares of common stock solely to cover over-allotments. Lakeland expects to close the offering, subject to market and other conditions, on or about January 24, 2025.

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280783) relating to the shares was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and became effective on July 23, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and is available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. A copy of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, when available, may be obtained by contacting: Roth Capital Partners, LLC, 888 San Clemente, Suite 400, Newport Beach, CA 92660, by telephone at (800) 678-9147 or by email at rothecm@roth.com; Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC, 920 Second Avenue South, Suite 700, Minneapolis, MN 55402, by telephone at (612) 326-1305, or by email at prospectus@lakestreetcm.com; or Maxim Group LLC, 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10022, at (212) 895-3745.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the shares of common stock, nor will there be any sale of the shares of common stock in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted.

About Lakeland Fire + Safety

Lakeland Fire + Safety manufactures and sells a comprehensive line of fire services and industrial protective clothing and accessories for the industrial and first responder markets. Our products are sold globally by our in-house sales teams, our customer service group, and authorized independent sales representatives to a network of over 2,000 global safety and industrial supply distributors. Our authorized distributors supply end users, such as integrated oil, chemical/petrochemical, automobile, transportation, steel, glass, construction, smelting, cleanroom, janitorial, pharmaceutical, and high technology electronics manufacturers, as well as scientific, medical laboratories and the utilities industry. In addition, we supply federal, state and local governmental agencies and departments, such as fire and law enforcement, airport crash rescue units, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security and the Centers for Disease Control. Internationally, we sell to a mixture of end users directly and to industrial distributors, depending on the particular country and market. In addition to the United States, sales are made into more than 50 foreign countries, the majority of which were into China, the European Economic Community ("EEC"), Canada, Chile, Argentina, Russia, Kazakhstan, Colombia, Mexico, Ecuador, India, Uruguay, Middle East, Southeast Asia, Australia, Hong Kong and New Zealand.

For more information concerning Lakeland, please visit the Company online at www.lakeland.com.

"Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that phrase is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, which address Lakeland's expectations of sources or uses for capital or which express the Company's expectation for the future with respect to financial performance or operating strategies, including statements regarding the public offering and the use of proceeds therefrom, can be identified as forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described from time to time in Press Releases and Forms 8-K, registration statements, quarterly and annual reports and other reports and filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or made by management. As a result, there can be no assurance that Lakeland's future results will not be materially different from those described herein as "believed," "projected," "planned," "intended," "anticipated," "can," "estimated" or "expected," or other words which reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events. We caution readers that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. The Company hereby expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such statement is based, except as may be required by law.

Contacts

Lakeland Industries, Inc.

256-600-1390

Roger Shannon

rdshannon@lakeland.com

Investor Relations

Chris Tyson

Executive Vice President

MZ Group - MZ North America

949-491-8235

LAKE@mzgroup.us

www.mzgroup.us

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lake_ex993.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
lake_ex993.htm

EXHIBIT 99.3

Lakeland Fire + Safety Announces Closing of Public Offering of 

Common Stock and Full Exercise of Underwriters Option to Purchase Additional Shares

HUNTSVILLE, AL January 24, 2025 Lakeland Industries, Inc. (Lakeland Fire + Safety or Lakeland) (NASDAQ: LAKE), a leading global manufacturer of protective clothing for industry, healthcare, and first responders, today announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of an aggregate of 2,093,000 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $22.00 per share, which includes the exercise in full by the underwriter of its option to purchase 273,000 additional shares of Lakelands common stock. Gross proceeds to Lakeland, before deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses payable by Lakeland, were approximately $46.0 million.

The offering included participation from new and existing institutional investors, company management and board of directors.

Roth Capital Partners acted as sole book-running manager, and Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC and Maxim Group LLC acted as co-managers for the offering. D.A. Davidson & Co. served as financial advisor to Lakeland.

Lakeland intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for the repayment of certain indebtedness, and for operations and the growth of its business, including working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280783) relating to the shares was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and became effective on July 23, 2024. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and is available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. A copy of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may be obtained by contacting: Roth Capital Partners, LLC, 888 San Clemente, Suite 400, Newport Beach, CA 92660, by telephone at (800) 678-9147 or by email at rothecm@roth.com; Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC, 920 Second Avenue South, Suite 700, Minneapolis, MN 55402, by telephone at (612) 326-1305, or by email at prospectus@lakestreetcm.com; or Maxim Group LLC, 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10022, at (212) 895-3745.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the shares of common stock, nor will there be any sale of the shares of common stock in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted.

About Lakeland Fire + Safety

Lakeland Fire + Safety manufactures and sells a comprehensive line of fire services and industrial protective clothing and accessories for the industrial and first responder markets. Our products are sold globally by our in-house sales teams, our customer service group, and authorized independent sales representatives to a strategic global network of selective fire and industrial distributors and wholesale partners. Our authorized distributors supply end users, such as integrated oil, chemical/petrochemical, automobile, transportation, steel, glass, construction, smelting, cleanroom, janitorial, pharmaceutical, and high technology electronics manufacturers, as well as scientific, medical laboratories and the utilities industry. In addition, we supply federal, state and local governmental agencies and departments, such as fire and law enforcement, airport crash rescue units, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security and the Centers for Disease Control. Internationally, we sell to a mixture of end users directly and to industrial distributors, depending on the particular country and market. In addition to the United States, sales are made into more than 50 foreign countries, the majority of which were into China, the European Economic Community ("EEC"), Canada, Chile, Argentina, Russia, Kazakhstan, Colombia, Mexico, Ecuador, India, Uruguay, Middle East, Southeast Asia, Australia, Hong Kong and New Zealand.

For more information concerning Lakeland, please visit the Company online at www.lakeland.com. 

1

"Safe Harbor" Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that phrase is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, which address Lakeland's expectations of sources or uses for capital or which express the Company's expectation for the future with respect to financial performance or operating strategies, including statements regarding the public offering and the use of proceeds therefrom, can be identified as forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described from time to time in Press Releases and Forms 8-K, registration statements, quarterly and annual reports and other reports and filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or made by management. As a result, there can be no assurance that Lakeland's future results will not be materially different from those described herein as "believed," "projected," "planned," "intended," "anticipated," "can," "estimated" or "expected," or other words which reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events. We caution readers that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. The Company hereby expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which such statement is based, except as may be required by law.

Contacts

Lakeland Fire + Safety

256-600-1390

Roger Shannon

Chief Financial Officer

rdshannon@lakeland.com 

Investor Relations

Chris Tyson

Executive Vice President

MZ Group - MZ North America

949-491-8235

LAKE@mzgroup.us 

www.mzgroup.us 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lake_ex994.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
lake_ex994.htm

EXHIBIT 99.4

Information Relating to Part II, Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution

The expenses in connection with the offer and sale of an aggregate of 2,093,000 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share, which includes the exercise in full of the Underwriters option to purchase an additional 273,000 shares, registered pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-280783) filed on July 12, 2024, other than the underwriting discount, are set forth in the following table. All amounts are estimated except the Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee, which was paid in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement.

Securities and Exchange Commission Registration Fee 

$ 14,760 

Listing Fees 

5,000 

Legal Fees and Expenses 

255,000 

Accounting Fees and Expenses 

149,075 

Advisory Fees 

200,000 

Transfer agent and registrar fees 

8,250 

Printing expenses and miscellaneous 

10,000 

Total 

$ 642,085
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lake-20250122.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>lake-20250122_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>lake-20250122_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>lake-20250122_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>lake-20250122_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>lake_ex993img2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>lake_ex993img1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>lake_ex51img1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>lake_ex992img2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>lake_ex992img1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>lake_ex991img2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>lake_ex991img1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Lakeland Industries, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000798081

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Jan. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 0-15535

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-3115216

Entity Address Address Line 1 1525 Perimeter Parkway

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 325

Entity Address City Or Town Huntsville

Entity Address State Or Province AL

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 35806

City Area Code 256

Local Phone Number 350-3873

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value

Trading Symbol LAKE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://lake.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lake-20250122.xsd 
lake-20250122_cal.xml 
lake-20250122_def.xml 
lake-20250122_lab.xml 
lake-20250122_pre.xml 
lake_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001654954-25-000715-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>lake_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000798081 

2025-01-22 
2025-01-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0000798081 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-22 
Lakeland Industries, Inc. 
DE 
0-15535 
13-3115216 
1525 Perimeter Parkway 
Suite 325 
Huntsville 
AL 
35806 
256 
350-3873 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value 
LAKE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>