<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-029361.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-029361.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219120925
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-029361
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL FUEL GAS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000070145
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				131086010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03880
		FILM NUMBER:		25638190

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			WILLIAMSVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14221-5887
		BUSINESS PHONE:		716-857-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		6363 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			WILLIAMSVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14221-5887
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d876094d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COfalse000007014500000701452025-02-192025-02-19

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 19, 2025

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New Jersey 1-3880 13-1086010

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

6363 Main Street 

Williamsville, New York 14221

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (716)857-7000

Former name or former address, if changed since last report: Not Applicable

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share NFG New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

In connection with the offering and sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.50% notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.95% notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes), National Fuel Gas Company (the Company) is filing herewith the following exhibits to its Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-273926):

1. 

Underwriting Agreement, dated February 4, 2025, by and among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and PNC Capital Markets LLC, acting as representatives of several underwriters named therein. 

2. 

Officers Certificate dated February 19, 2025, establishing the terms of the Notes. 

3. 

Form of 2030 Note, as established by the Officers Certificate above. 

4. 

Form of 2035 Note, as established by the Officers Certificate above. 

5. 

Opinion of Jones Day. 

6. 

Opinion of Lowenstein Sandler LLP. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 4, 2025, by and among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and PNC Capital Markets LLC, acting as representatives of several underwriters named therein 

Exhibit 4.1.1 Officers Certificate dated February 19, 2025, establishing the terms of the Notes 

Exhibit 4.1.2 Form of 2030 Note (included in 4.1.1 above) 

Exhibit 4.1.3 Form of 2035 Note (included in 4.1.1 above) 

Exhibit 5.1.1 Opinion of Jones Day 

Exhibit 5.1.2 Opinion of Lowenstein Sandler LLP 

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Jones Day (included in Exhibit 5.1.1) 

Exhibit 23.2 Consent of Lowenstein Sandler LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1.2) 

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Michael W. Reville

Michael W. Reville

General Counsel and Secretary

Dated: February 19, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d876094dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

National Fuel Gas Company 

$500,000,000 5.50% Notes due 2030 

$500,000,000 5.95% Notes due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

February 4, 2025 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

as Representatives of the 

Several Underwriters 

Underwriting Agreement 

February 4, 2025 

BofA
SECURITIES, INC. 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 

As
Representatives of the several Underwriters 

c/o BofA SECURITIES, INC. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New
York 10036 

c/o J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New
York 10179 

c/o PNC Capital Markets LLC 

300
Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Introductory.
National Fuel Gas Company, a New Jersey corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule A (the Underwriters), acting severally and not jointly, the respective
amounts set forth in such Schedule A of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.50% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.95% Notes due 2035
(the 2035 Notes, and together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes). BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC and PNC Capital Markets LLC have agreed to act as representatives of the several Underwriters (in
such capacity, the Representatives) in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes. If there are no Underwriters named in Schedule A other than the Representatives, then the terms Underwriters and
Representatives shall each be deemed to refer to the Underwriters. 

The Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated
as of October 1, 1999, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York), as trustee (the Trustee), including an Officers Certificate pursuant thereto (the
Indenture). The Notes will be issued in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary), pursuant to a Blanket Letter of Representations, dated
February 4, 2025 (the DTC Agreement), between the Company and the Depositary. 

The Company has prepared and filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-273926), which contains a base
prospectus (the Base Prospectus), to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of debt securities, including the Notes, and other securities of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the 

1 

Securities Act), and the offering thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Such registration statement, including the financial
statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, at each time of effectiveness under the Securities Act, including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is called
the Registration Statement. The term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Notes, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b) under the Securities Act after the date and time that this Agreement is executed (the Execution Time) by the parties hereto. The term Preliminary Prospectus shall mean any preliminary prospectus
supplement relating to the Notes, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed with the Commission pursuant to such Rule 424(b) prior to the time of filing the Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act prior
to 2:20 p.m., New York City time, on the date of this Agreement (the Initial Sale Time). All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements
to any of the foregoing, shall include any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR). 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained,
included, set forth, disclosed or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include all such
financial statements and schedules and other information that is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the Initial Sale Time; and all
references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act) that is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may
be, after the Initial Sale Time. 

The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: 

Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company

The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, as of the Initial Sale Time and as of the
Closing Date (in each case, a Representation Date), as follows: 

(a) Compliance with Registration Requirements.
The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the
part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, the Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the
Trust Indenture Act). 

2 

At the respective times the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became
effective and at each Representation Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act and (ii) did not
and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, neither
the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this Section 1(a) shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment or the Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any of the Underwriters through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it
being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 9 hereof. 

Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the
Securities Act, and the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof
filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(b) Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated
February 4, 2025, (ii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below), excluding any road show within the meaning of Rule 433 under the Securities Act and (iii) any other free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405
under the Securities Act) that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Initial Sale Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure
Package based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any
Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 9 hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means each issuer free writing
prospectus (as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) identified in Annex I hereto, including, without limitation, any road show within the meaning of Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 

(c) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (i) at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and (ii) when read together with the
other information in the Disclosure Package, at the Initial Sale Time, and when read together with 

3 

the other information in the Prospectus, at the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(d)
Company is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act
(whether by virtue of the filing of any post-effective amendment, any document incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any form of prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act)
and (iii) at the Execution Time (with the date thereof being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was and is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act).
The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that automatically became effective within three years of the date hereof. The Company has not (A) received
from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration statement form or (B) ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form. 

(e) Company is not an Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement and (ii) as of the Execution
Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by the
Commission pursuant to such Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer. 

(f) Issuer Free
Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of the Notes under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies
the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the Disclosure Package, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If at any time following the issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined in Section 3(e) hereof), there occurred
or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has
promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing
two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use
therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 9 hereof. 

4 

(g) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with
registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. 

(h) The Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(i) Authorization of the Notes and the Indenture. The Notes have been duly authorized by the Company and, when the Notes have been duly
executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and upon payment and delivery in accordance with this Agreement, the Notes will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the
Company entitled to the benefits provided by the Indenture; the Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company and qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and constitutes a valid and legally binding instrument of the Company; and the Indenture
is, and the Notes, when executed and authenticated and upon payment and delivery as aforesaid, will be enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as the same may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
fraudulent transfer, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies generally and (ii) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), including, without limitation, (A) the possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive relief or any other remedy and (B) concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith, fair dealing and equitable subordination. 

(j) Description of the Notes and the Indenture. The Notes
and the Indenture conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(k) Accuracy of Statements in Prospectus. The statements in each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus under (i) the
captions Description of the Notes and Description of Debt Securities, in each case insofar as such statements constitute a summary of the legal matters, documents or proceedings referred to therein, fairly present and
summarize, in all material respects, the matters referred to therein and (ii) the caption Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations, insofar as such statements constitute a summary of law and legal conclusions, and subject to
the qualifications set forth therein, are correct in all material respects. 

(l) No Material Adverse Change. Except as set forth in
the Disclosure Package, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package, there has not been (i) any material adverse change in the business, properties or financial condition of the Company and its
subsidiaries considered as one enterprise (any such change is called a Material Adverse Change) or (ii) any material transaction entered into by the Company other than transactions disclosed in the Disclosure Package and
transactions in the ordinary course of business. 

(m) Independent Accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who have expressed their
opinion with respect to the Companys audited financial statements incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, are independent public accountants with respect to the Company as
required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and are an independent registered public accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

5 

(n) Preparation of the Financial Statements. The financial statements, including the
related notes thereto, incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and
at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements comply as to form with the accounting requirements of the Securities Act and have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States (U.S. GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. No other financial
statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement. The summary financial data and the selected financial data included or incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly in all material
respects the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The interactive
data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been
prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(o) Incorporation and Good Standing of the
Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of New Jersey with corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its
business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by
reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(p) Incorporation and Good Standing of Significant Subsidiaries. Each of National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation, National Fuel Gas
Supply Corporation, National Fuel Gas Midstream Company, LLC and Seneca Resources Company, LLC (Seneca) is a significant subsidiary of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of
Regulation S-X) (each, a Significant Subsidiary and, collectively, the Significant Subsidiaries), has been duly incorporated or organized and is validly existing as a
corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as applicable, has corporate or limited liability company, as applicable, power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, to transact business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing
would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock or membership interests of each such Significant Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, and, in the
case of capital stock, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or claim. The
Company did not have any subsidiary not listed on Exhibit 21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 that was required to be so listed. 

6 

(q) Non-Contravention of Existing
Instruments;No further authorizations or approvals required. The consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and the fulfillment of this Agreement will not result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a
default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to, (i) the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws, each as amended, or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries is now a party or (ii) any statute, law,
order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries of any court or any federal or state governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company or its properties. No authorization, approval or consent of, or
registration or filing with, any court or governmental authority or agency (including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission) is necessary in connection with the sale of the Notes hereunder, except such as may be required under the Securities Act
and the Trust Indenture Act and in each case the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, or state securities or blue sky laws. 

(r) No Material Actions or Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, there are no legal or
governmental proceedings pending to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is the subject that, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
would, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, no such proceedings are threatened or contemplated by
governmental authorities or threatened by others. 

(s) Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus
and the Disclosure Package, (i) to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and to the
protection of human health and safety with respect to exposure to hazardous or toxic substances or wastes (Environmental Laws), (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries have received all permits,
licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its business and (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such
permit, license or approval, except where such non-compliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of
required permits, licenses or approvals would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change. 

(t) Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

(u) Companys Accounting System. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, as
such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

(v) Internal Controls and
Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP and to 

7 

maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (D) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

(w) No Material Weakness in Internal Controls. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, since the end of the
Companys most recent audited fiscal year, (i) the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) there has been no change in the Companys
internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(x) Accuracy of Exhibits. There are no franchises, contracts or documents that are required to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that have not been so described or filed as required. 

(y) Title to Property. Methods used in connection with investigating title to properties, or interests therein, owned by each of the
subsidiaries of the Company in the State of New York and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are consistent with good practice and established methods used by prudent companies engaged in similar businesses and are adequately designed to provide for
the acquisition of such titles or interests. Substantially all of the properties now owned by such subsidiaries in the State of New York and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are held without any unfavorable adjudicated claim. 

(z) Cyber Security. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, there has been no security breach or other
compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers and vendors and
any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them used in connection with their businesses) or equipment (collectively, IT Systems and Data), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT
Systems and Data, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws and statutes, all
judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, all internal policies and all contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of their IT Systems and Data and to the
protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(aa) Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and, solely after giving effect to the offer and sale of the Notes and the application
of the net proceeds thereof as described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not be, required to register as an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

8 

(bb) OFAC. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the Companys
knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC); and the Company
will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering contemplated by this Agreement, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of
financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC. 

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has taken any action,
directly or indirectly, that could reasonably be expected to result in a violation or a sanction for violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as may be amended (FCPA), or similar law of any
jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries conduct business, or the rules or regulations thereunder; and the Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures to ensure compliance therewith. No part
of the proceeds of the offering will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Company, indirectly, in violation of the FCPA, or similar law of any jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries conduct business, or the rules or
regulations thereunder. 

(dd) Anti-Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are conducted in compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements and the money laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any
governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

Any certificate signed by an
officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters set forth therein. 

Section 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Notes. 

(a) The Notes. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, all of the Notes upon the
terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the
Company the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth opposite their names on Schedule A at (i) with respect to the 2030 Notes, a purchase price of 99.376% of the principal amount thereof, payable on the Closing Date and (ii) with
respect to the 2035 Notes, at a purchase price of 99.021% of the principal amount thereof, payable on the Closing Date. 

(b) The
Closing Date. Delivery of certificates for the Notes in global form shall be made through the facilities of the Depositary unless the Representatives shall otherwise instruct. Payment for the Notes shall be made at the offices of Hunton Andrews
Kurth LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on February 19, 2025 or such other time and date as the Underwriters and the
Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such closing are called the Closing Date). 

9 

(c) Public Offering of the Notes. The Representatives hereby advise the Company that
the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes as soon after the Execution Time as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have
determined is advisable and practicable. 

(d) Payment for the Notes. Payment for the Notes shall be made at the Closing Date by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. 

It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized,
for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall
not be obligated to) make payment for any Notes to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such
Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 

(e) Delivery of the Notes. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to the Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters certificates for the Notes at the Closing Date, against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price
therefor. The certificates for the Notes shall be in such denominations and registered in such names and denominations as the Representatives shall have requested at least two full business days prior to the Closing Date and shall be made available
for inspection on the business day preceding the Closing Date at a location in New York City, as the Representatives may designate. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition
to the obligations of the Underwriters. 

Section 3. Covenants of the Company. 

The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Request. The Company, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, will comply with
the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act, and will promptly notify the Representatives, after it receives notice thereof, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness during the Prospectus Delivery Period of any
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) any comments from the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period or any request by
the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information and (iii) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of
the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain the lifting of any such stop order at the earliest possible moment. The Company will promptly effect
the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under such Rule 424 was received
for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. 

10 

(b) Filing of Amendments. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will
(i) make no amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as amended or supplemented relating to the Notes that shall be reasonably disapproved by the Representatives after reasonable notice
thereof and (ii) advise and furnish the Representatives with copies of any such amendment or supplement a reasonable amount of time prior to the making thereof. 

(c) Delivery of Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representatives, without charge, a conformed copy of the
Registration Statement as originally filed and of any amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d) Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of the Preliminary
Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus
Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any
electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the
completion of the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If, during the period that delivery of a prospectus is required at any time in connection
with the offering or sale of the Notes, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which
the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made when
such Prospectus is delivered, not misleading, or, if for any other reason it shall be necessary during the Prospectus Delivery Period to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to comply with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or the Trust
Indenture Act, the Company will notify the Representatives thereof and upon their reasonable request to file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or
omission or to make the Prospectus so comply, and the Company will furnish without charge to each Underwriter and to any dealer in securities such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

(f) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register
the Notes for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications,
registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Notes. The Company shall not be required to qualify to transact business or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such
jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified 

11 

or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. The Company will promptly advise the Representatives of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the
suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Notes for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the
issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(g) Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes sold by it in the manner described under the
caption Use of Proceeds in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

(h) Depositary. The Company will cooperate
with the Underwriters and use its best efforts to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 

(i) Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the
Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. 

(j) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional
Securities. During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the
Representatives), directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any option to sell, pledge, transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) under
the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or announce the offering of, or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of, any debt securities of the Company similar to the Notes or securities exchangeable for or
convertible into debt securities similar to the Notes (other than as contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Notes). 

(k)
Final Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet containing only a description of the Notes and the offering thereof, in a form approved by the Underwriters and attached as Exhibit D hereto, and will file such term sheet pursuant
to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such term sheet, the Final Term Sheet). Any such Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. 

(l) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period the
Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the
Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration
statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the
Notes to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of such notice under Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration
Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

12 

(m) Filing Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees
relating to the Notes within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) under the Securities Act without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the Securities Act. 

(n) Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and the Representatives as soon as
practicable an earnings statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of
the Company occurring after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement. 

The Representatives,
on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 

Section 4. Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains
the prior written consent of the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule
405 under the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been
given in respect of any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses included in Annex I to this Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to or deemed to be consented to by the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free
Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (ii) it has complied and will comply, as the case
may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. Each Underwriter represents and
agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not and will not make any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that would be required to be filed with the Commission, other than information contained in the Final Term Sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 3(k)
hereof. Prior to the preparation of the Final Term Sheet in accordance with Section 3(k) hereof, the Company and the Representatives consent to the use of the information with respect to the final terms of the Notes in communications by the
Underwriters conveying information relating to the offering thereof to investors. 

Section 5. Payment of Expenses. The Company
agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, (i) all expenses incident to the
issuance and delivery of the Notes (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes to the Underwriters, (iii) all fees and expenses of
the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors to the Company, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the
Registration 

13 

Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all
amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement, the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the Notes, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying
or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Notes for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives, preparing a
Blue Sky Survey or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions, (vi) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to
the Underwriters in connection with, the review, if any, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (the FINRA) of the terms of the sale of the Notes, (vii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (viii) any fees and expenses in connection with the rating of the Notes with the ratings agencies, (ix) all fees and expenses
(including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Notes by the Depositary for book-entry transfer, (x) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the
Registration Statement and (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section 5. Except as provided in this
Section 5 and Sections 7, 9 and 10 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own costs and expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel, transfer taxes on resale of any of the Notes by them and any advertising expenses
connected with any offers they may make. 

Section 6. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the
several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Notes as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of each
Representation Date as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission, and the Company shall not
have received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the
Underwriters. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. 

(b) Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and
certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

14 

(c) Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have
received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the
letter furnished by them pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date. 

(d) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the
Closing Date: 

(i) in the sole judgment of the Representatives there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change as
to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Notes as contemplated by the Disclosure Package; 

(ii) there shall not have been any change or decrease from the amounts specified in the letter referred to in Section 6(b)
hereof that is, in the sole judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes as contemplated by the Disclosure Package; 

(iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have sustained any loss or interference with its business from
fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree that is, in the sole judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it
impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes as contemplated by the Disclosure Package; and 

(iv) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential
downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating
organization as such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act. 

(e) Opinion of Counsel for the
Company. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion of each of (i) Jones Day, counsel for the Company, (ii) Lowenstein Sandler LLP, New Jersey counsel for the Company and (iii) Michael W.
Reville, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company and counsel for the Significant Subsidiaries, each dated as of the Closing Date, the forms of which are attached as Exhibits A, B and C, respectively. 

(f) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion and
negative assurance letter of Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of the Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. 

(g) Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received a written certificate executed by the
Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or the President or a Senior Vice President of the Company and the Principal Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that: 

(i) the Company (A) has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and, to the
Companys knowledge, no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or threatened by the Commission, and (B) has not received any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf
registration statement form; 

15 

(ii) the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company set forth
in Section 1 hereof are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of the Closing Date; and 

(iii) the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed
or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(h) Independent Engineers Letter. On the date hereof, the
Representatives shall have received from Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc., a letter dated as of such date addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, confirming that it is an independent
petroleum engineer, geologist, geophysicist and petrophysicist with respect to the Company, attaching its report with respect to the Companys oil and gas reserves and future revenues incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and stating that as of such date it is not aware of any material decreases to Senecas aggregate oil and gas reserves that have occurred after the effective date of such report. 

(i) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such
information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and
warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. 

If any condition specified in this
Section 6 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by written notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 5, 7, 9, 10 and 18 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

Section 7. Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 11 or
Section 12 hereof (other than clause (i) of Section 12 to the extent such termination relates to any of the Companys securities), the Company shall not then have any liability to any Underwriter with respect to the Notes covered
by this Agreement except as provided in Sections 5, 9 and 10 hereof; but if this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 6 hereof or clause (i) of Section 12 hereof to the extent such termination relates to
any of the Companys securities, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Notes on the Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with
any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all
out-of-pocket expenses approved in writing by the Representatives that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with
the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Notes, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges, but the Company shall then be under no
further liability to any Underwriter with respect to such Notes except as provided in Sections 5, 9 and 10 hereof. 

Section 8.
Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective until the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto. 

16 

Section 9. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers,
employees, agents and affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 501(b) under the Securities Act (each, an Affiliate), and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent, Affiliate or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or
other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or
expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the
omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter and each such director, officer, employee, agent, Affiliate and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent, Affiliate or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling,
compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent arising out of or based upon
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the
Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 9(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities
that the Company may otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees,
severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state
statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or
actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) 

17 

or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any
such director, officer or controlling person for any legal and other expense reasonably incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any
such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements regarding delivery of the Notes by the Underwriters set forth in the last paragraph on the cover page of, and the
concession and reallowance figures and the paragraphs relating to stabilization of the Notes appearing under the caption Underwriting in, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this
Section 9(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

(c) Notifications and Other
Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 9 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying
party under this Section 9, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability that it may have to any indemnified party for
contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 9 or to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such
indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by
written notice delivered to the indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such
action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless: (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by the
indemnifying party; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties)
include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that either (x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it that
are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party or (y) a conflict may exist between such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the
indemnifying party (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general
allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to a single firm of local counsel) for all such indemnified 

18 

parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by the Representatives and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). Upon receipt of notice from the
indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party
under this Section 9 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the
next preceding sentence, in which case the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. 

(d)
Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 9 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff,
the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have
requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 9(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in
accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or
threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent
(i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability
or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

Section 10. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for
in Section 9 is for any reason held to be unavailable to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such
indemnified party hereunder, shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and the Underwriters from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the
other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses and (iii) any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company and the
Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting
expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Notes as set forth on
such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or
alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or
prevent such statement or omission. 

19 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages,
liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 9(c), any reasonable legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or
defending any action or claim. 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to
this Section 10 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this
Section 10. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 10, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Notes underwritten by it and distributed to the public exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 10 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule A. For purposes
of this Section 10, each director, officer, employee, agent and Affiliate of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to
contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company with the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

Section 11. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters.
If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Notes that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of Notes, which such defaulting
Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportion to the
aggregate principal amounts of such Notes set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A bears to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting
Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives (excluding any defaulting Underwriter) with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such Notes that
such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase such Notes and the aggregate principal amount of such
Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives (excluding any defaulting Underwriter) and the Company for the
purchase of such Notes are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the 

20 

provisions of Sections 5, 7, 9, 10 and 18 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the
right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other
documents or arrangements may be effected. 

As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter shall be deemed to include any
person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 11. Any action taken under this Section 11 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

Section 12. Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives
by written notice given to the Company if at any time since the Execution Time (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or trading in
securities generally on either the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the
Commission or the FINRA; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of federal or New York authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any
crisis or calamity involving the United States, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international
political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to offer, sell or deliver the Notes in the manner and on the terms described in the Disclosure
Package or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; or (iv) there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services. Any termination pursuant to this Section 12 shall be
without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Sections 5 and 7 hereof, and provided further that Sections 5, 7, 9, 10 and 18 hereof shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

Section 13. No Fiduciary Duty. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Notes pursuant to
this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Notes and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one
hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection
with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders,
creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process
leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations
expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the

21 

several Underwriters have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal,
accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the several Underwriters
with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

Section 14. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective
indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement (i) will remain operative and in full force and effect,
regardless of any (A) investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the officers or employees of any Underwriter, or any person controlling the Underwriter, the Company, the officers or
employees of the Company, or any person controlling the Company, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Notes and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Notes sold hereunder and any
termination of this Agreement. 

Section 15. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed,
hand delivered or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Representatives: 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

114 West 47th Street
NY8-114-07-01

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: High Grade Debt Capital Markets Transaction Management/Legal 

Fax No.: [***] 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor 

Fax No. [***] 

and 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 

300 Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor, 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222, 

Attention: Debt Capital Markets, Fixed Income Transaction Execution, 

Fax No. [***] 

with a copy to: 

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 

200 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10166 

Facsimile: [***] 

Attention: Michael F. Fitzpatrick, Jr. 

22 

If to the Company: 

National Fuel Gas Company 

6363 Main Street 

Williamsville, New York 14221 

Facsimile: [***] 

Attention: Timothy J. Silverstein, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

with a copy to: 

Jones Day 

901 Lakeside Avenue 

Cleveland, Ohio 44114 

Facsimile: [***] 

Attention: Andrew C. Thomas 

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

Section 16. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any
substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 11 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Sections 9 and 10 hereof, and in each case their respective successors, and no other
person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Notes as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase. 

Section 17. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be
made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

Section 18. Governing
Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE. 

Section 19. General Provisions. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an
original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000,
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and
be valid and effective for all purposes. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the
condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

23 

Section 20. Compliance with USA Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements
of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients,
including the Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

Section 21. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity (as
hereinafter defined) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime (as hereinafter defined), the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective
to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate (as hereinafter defined) of such Underwriter becomes subject
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as hereinafter defined) under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be
exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(1) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(2) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(3) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

24 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY

By: /s/ Timothy J. Silverstein

Name: Timothy J. Silverstein

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

25 

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives
as of the date first above written. 

BofA SECURITIES, INC.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES
LLC

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

Acting as Representatives of the several Underwriters 

named in the attached Schedule A 

BofA SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Kevin Wehler

Name: Kevin Wehler

Title: Managing Director

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: /s/ Robert Bottamedi

Name: Robert Bottamedi

Title: Executive Director

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

By: /s/ Valerie Shadeck

Name: Valerie Shadeck

Title: Managing Director

26 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

2030 Notes

to be

Purchased Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

2035 Notes

to be

Purchased 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 95,000,000 $ 95,000,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 95,000,000 95,000,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC 95,000,000 95,000,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 35,000,000 35,000,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 35,000,000 35,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 35,000,000 35,000,000 

CIBC World Markets Corp. 25,000,000 25,000,000 

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 25,000,000 25,000,000 

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. 25,000,000 25,000,000 

Comerica Securities, Inc. 17,500,000 17,500,000 

M&T Securities, Inc. 17,500,000 17,500,000 

Total $ 500,000,000 $ 500,000,000 

1 

ANNEX I 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses 

Final
Term Sheet dated February 4, 2025 

The Companys Fixed Income Investor Presentation as available January 31, 2025 

The Companys Fixed Income Investor Presentation as available February 4, 2025 

Annex I - 1 

EXHIBIT D 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY 

Form of Final Term Sheet 

February 4, 2025 

Issuer: National Fuel Gas Company

Ratings*: Intentionally Omitted

Trade Date: February 4, 2025

Settlement Date**: February 19, 2025 (T+10)

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2025

Security: 5.50% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) 5.95% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes)

Size: $500,000,000 $500,000,000

Maturity: March 15, 2030 March 15, 2035

Benchmark Treasury: 4.250% due January 31, 2030 4.250% due November 15, 2034

Benchmark Treasury Yield: 4.324% 4.523%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: +118 basis points +147 basis points

Yield to Maturity: 5.504% 5.993%

Price to Public: 99.976% 99.671%

Coupon (Interest Rate): 5.50% per annum 5.95% per annum

Interest Rate Adjustment: The interest rate payable on the 2030 Notes will be subject to adjustment based on certain rating events as described under the caption Description of the Notes Interest Rate Adjustment in the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement dated February 4, 2025. The interest rate payable on the 2035 Notes will be subject to adjustment based on certain rating events as described under the caption Description of the Notes Interest Rate Adjustment in the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement dated February 4, 2025.

Make-Whole Optional Redemption: Prior to February 15, 2030 (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes), the Issuer may redeem the 2030 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the
greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2030 Notes matured on February 15, 2030) on a semi-annual basis (assuming
a Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes), the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to
the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2035 Notes matured on December 15, 2034) on a semi-annual basis
(assuming a

360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after February 15, 2030, the Issuer may redeem the 2030 Notes, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after December 15, 2034, the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

CUSIP/ISIN: 636180 BT7 / US636180BT74 636180 BU4 / US636180BU48

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

BofA Securities, Inc.

J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC

PNC Capital Markets LLC

TD Securities (USA)
LLC

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Senior Co-Managers: 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

CIBC
World Markets Corp.

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.

KeyBanc
Capital Markets Inc.

Co-Managers: 

Comerica Securities, Inc.

M&T
Securities, Inc.

* 

Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time. 

** 

It is expected that delivery of the notes will be made, against payment for the notes, on or about
February 19, 2025, which will be the tenth business day following the pricing of the notes. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one
business day, unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes on the date of this term sheet or the following eight business days will be required, because the notes initially
will settle within ten business days (T+10), to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade on the date of this term sheet or the following eight
business days should consult their own legal advisors. 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with
the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and
this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov.

Alternatively, BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC or PNC Capital Markets LLC can arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling BofA Securities, Inc. toll-free at
(800) 294-1322, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at (212) 834-4533 or PNC Capital Markets LLC toll-free at (855) 881-0697.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1(1)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d876094dex411.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1(1)
<TEXT>
EX-4.1(1)

Exhibit 4.1.1 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

Establishing 5.50% Notes due 2030 and 5.95% Notes due 2035 

February 19, 2025 

Timothy J. Silverstein, the Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of National Fuel Gas Company, a New Jersey corporation (the
Company), pursuant to the authority granted in the resolutions of the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company adopted on June 15, 2023 and December 6, 2024 and the Financing Committee of the Board on
January 28, 2025 and Sections 102, 201 and 301 of the Indenture (as defined below), does hereby certify to The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York), as Trustee (the Trustee) under the Indenture of the Company (For
Unsecured Debt Securities) dated as of October 1, 1999 (as supplemented or amended to date, the Indenture), that: 

1. 

The Securities of the fourteenth series to be issued under the Indenture shall be designated 5.50% Notes due
2030 (the Notes of the Fourteenth Series); the Notes of the Fourteenth Series shall be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 

2. 

The Securities of the fifteenth series to be issued under the Indenture shall be designated 5.95% Notes due
2035 (the Notes of the Fifteenth Series and, together with the Notes of the Fourteenth Series, the Notes); the Notes of the Fifteenth Series shall be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto.

3. 

The Notes of the Fourteenth Series shall be initially authenticated and delivered in the aggregate principal
amount of $500,000,000 (the Initial Notes of the Fourteenth Series); provided, however, that the Company may, without consent of the Holders of the Initial Notes of the Fourteenth Series, create and issue additional Notes of the
Fourteenth Series ranking equally with, and otherwise identical in all respects to, the Initial Notes of the Fourteenth Series (except for the issue date, issue price, the date from which interest first accrues thereon and, if applicable, the first
interest payment date therefor), which additional Notes of the Fourteenth Series shall form a single series with the Initial Notes of the Fourteenth Series. 

4. 

The Notes of the Fifteenth Series shall be initially authenticated and delivered in the aggregate principal
amount of $500,000,000 (the Initial Notes of the Fifteenth Series); provided, however, that the Company may, without consent of the Holders of the Initial Notes of the Fifteenth Series, create and issue additional Notes of the Fifteenth
Series ranking equally with, and otherwise identical in all respects to, the Initial Notes of the Fifteenth Series (except for the issue date, issue price, the date from which interest first accrues thereon and, if applicable, the first interest
payment date therefor), which additional Notes of the Fifteenth Series shall form a single series with the Initial Notes of the Fifteenth Series. 

5. 

The Notes of the Fourteenth Series shall mature, and the principal thereof shall be due and payable, together
with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on March 15, 2030. 

6. 

The Notes of the Fifteenth Series shall mature, and the principal thereof shall be due and payable, together
with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on March 15, 2035. 

7. 

The Notes shall be issued in the denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

8. 

The Notes of the Fourteenth Series shall bear interest as provided in the form thereof set forth in Exhibit A.

9. 

The Notes of the Fifteenth Series shall bear interest as provided in the form thereof set forth in Exhibit B.

10. 

The principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be payable at, and registration of
transfers and exchanges in respect of the Notes may be effected at, the office or agency of the Company in The City of New York; provided, however, that payment of interest may be made at the option of the Company by check mailed to the address of
the persons entitled thereto or, in certain circumstances described in the form of Notes of the Fourteenth Series hereto attached as Exhibit A and the form of Notes of the Fifteenth Series hereto attached as Exhibit B, as applicable, by wire
transfer to an account designated by the person entitled thereto. Notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and the Indenture may be served at the office or agency of the Company in The City of New York. The Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee, located at 500 Ross Street 12th Floor, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, shall initially be the agency of the Company for such payment, registration and registration of transfers
and exchanges and service of notices and demands and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent for all such purposes; provided, however, that the Company reserves the right to change, by one or more Officers Certificates, any such
office or agency and such agent. The Trustee shall initially be the Security Registrar and the Paying Agent for the Notes. 

11. 

The Notes of the Fourteenth Series are subject to optional redemption as provided in the form thereof set forth
in Exhibit A. 

12. 

The Notes of the Fifteenth Series are subject to optional redemption as provided in the form thereof set forth
in Exhibit B. 

13. 

The Notes shall not be entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund. 

14. 

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in Exhibit A hereto) occurs, each Holder of the
Notes of the Fourteenth Series may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of such Holders Notes of the Fourteenth Series at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
not including, the date of purchase, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 

15. 

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in Exhibit B hereto) occurs, each Holder of the
Notes of the Fifteenth Series may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of such Holders Notes of the Fifteenth Series at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
not including, the date of purchase, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Exhibit B hereto. 

- 2 - 

16. 

The Notes shall be issued initially in global form registered in the name of Cede & Co. (as nominee
for The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York). 

17. 

Beneficial interests in the Notes of the Fourteenth Series issued as Global Notes may not be exchanged in whole
or in part for individual certificated Notes of the Fourteenth Series in definitive form, and no transfer of a Global Note of the Fourteenth Series in whole or in part may be registered in the name of any Person other than the Depository or its
nominee, except that if (A) the Depository has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository for the Global Notes of the Fourteenth Series, (B) the Depository has ceased to be a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor depository for such Global Notes of the Fourteenth Series has not been appointed within 90 days of (i) that notice or (ii) the Company becoming aware that the Depository is no longer
registered, (C) an Event of Default occurred and is continuing, and the Depository requests the issuance of certificated Notes of the Fourteenth Series in definitive form or (D) the Company determines not to have the Notes of the
Fourteenth Series represented by Global Notes, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of the definitive Notes of the Fourteenth Series, shall authenticate and deliver, Notes of
the Fourteenth Series in definitive certificated form in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Notes of the Fourteenth Series representing such Notes of the Fourteenth Series in exchange for such Global Notes of
the Fourteenth Series, such definitive Notes of the Fourteenth Series to be registered in the names provided by the Depository. 

18. 

Beneficial interests in the Notes of the Fifteenth Series issued as Global Notes may not be exchanged in whole
or in part for individual certificated Notes of the Fifteenth Series in definitive form, and no transfer of a Global Note of the Fifteenth Series in whole or in part may be registered in the name of any Person other than the Depository or its
nominee, except that if (A) the Depository has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository for the Global Notes of the Fifteenth Series, (B) the Depository has ceased to be a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor depository for such Global Notes of the Fifteenth Series has not been appointed within 90 days of (i) that notice or (ii) the Company becoming aware that the Depository is no longer
registered, (C) an Event of Default occurred and is continuing, and the Depository requests the issuance of certificated Notes of the Fifteenth Series in definitive form or (D) the Company determines not to have the Notes of the Fifteenth
Series represented by Global Notes, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of the definitive Notes of the Fifteenth Series, shall authenticate and deliver, Notes of the
Fifteenth Series in definitive certificated form in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Notes of the Fifteenth Series representing such Notes of the Fifteenth Series in exchange for such Global Notes of the
Fifteenth Series, such definitive Notes of the Fifteenth Series to be registered in the names provided by the Depository. 

- 3 - 

19. 

With respect to the Notes, the Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including
funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given pursuant to the Indenture and delivered using e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or
authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection with its services (collectively, Electronic Means); provided, however, that the Company shall provide to
the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by
the Company whenever an Authorized Officer is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the
Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively
presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring that only
Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or
authentication keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees good faith reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding
such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the
risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to
the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions
provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Trustee as soon as reasonably practicable upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the
security procedures. 

20. 

No service charge shall be made for the registration of transfer or exchange of the Notes; provided, however,
that the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with the exchange or transfer. 

21. 

The Trustee, the Security Registrar and the Company shall have no responsibility under the Indenture for
transfers of beneficial interests in the Notes, for any depository records of beneficial interests or for any transactions between the Depository and beneficial owners. 

- 4 - 

22. 

If the Company shall make any deposit of money and/or Eligible Obligations with respect to any Notes, or any
portion of the principal amount thereof, as contemplated by Section 701 of the Indenture, the Company shall not deliver an Officers Certificate described in clause (z) in the first paragraph of said Section 701 unless the
Company shall also deliver to the Trustee, together with such Officers Certificate, either: 

(A) an
instrument wherein the Company, notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of its indebtedness in respect of the Notes, shall assume the obligation (which shall be absolute and unconditional) to irrevocably deposit with the Trustee or Paying
Agent such additional sums of money, if any, or additional Eligible Obligations (meeting the requirements of Section 701), if any, or any combination thereof, at such time or times, as shall be necessary, together with the money and/or Eligible
Obligations theretofore so deposited, to pay when due the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, due and to become due on such Notes or portions thereof, all in accordance with and subject to the provisions of said Section 701;
provided, however, that such instrument may state that the obligation of the Company to make additional deposits as aforesaid shall be subject to the delivery to the Company by the Trustee of a notice asserting the deficiency accompanied by an
opinion of an independent public accountant of nationally recognized standing, selected by the Company and acceptable to the Trustee, showing the calculation thereof; or 

(B) an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that, as a result of (i) the receipt by the Company from, or the publication by,
the Internal Revenue Service of a ruling or (ii) a change in law occurring after the date of this certificate, the Holders of such Notes, or portions of the principal amount thereof, will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States
federal income tax purposes as a result of the satisfaction and discharge of the Companys indebtedness in respect thereof and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts, at the same times and in the same manner as
if such satisfaction and discharge had not been effected. 

23. 

The Notes of the Fourteenth Series shall have such other terms and provisions as are provided in the form
thereof set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 

24. 

The Notes of the Fifteenth Series shall have such other terms and provisions as are provided in the form
thereof set forth in Exhibit B hereto. 

25. 

All conditions precedent, if any, provided for in the Indenture (including any covenants compliance with which
constitutes a condition precedent), relating to the authentication and delivery of the Notes requested in the accompanying Company Order No. 14 (with respect to the Notes of the Fourteenth Series) and Company Order No. 15 (with respect to
the Notes of the Fifteenth Series) have been complied with. 

26. 

The undersigned has read all of the covenants and conditions contained in the Indenture, and the definitions in
the Indenture relating thereto, relating to the Companys issuance of the Notes and the Trustees authentication and delivery of the Notes, and in respect of compliance with which this certificate is made. 

- 5 - 

27. 

The statements contained in this certificate are based upon the familiarity of the undersigned with the
Indenture, the documents accompanying this certificate, and upon discussions by the undersigned with officers, employees and counsel of the Company familiar with the matters set forth herein. 

28. 

In the opinion of the undersigned, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him
to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenants and conditions have been complied with. 

29. 

In the opinion of the undersigned, such conditions and covenants have been complied with.

30. 

Solely with respect to the Notes, the Trustees certificate of authentication on the Notes, and any other
document delivered in connection with the Indenture, this officers certificate or the issuance and delivery of the Notes may be signed on behalf of the Trustee by manual or pdf or other electronically imaged signature. 

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning prescribed to them in the Indenture. 

- 6 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Officers Certificate as of the date first
written above. 

/s/ Timothy J. Silverstein

Timothy J. Silverstein

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Officers Certificate Establishing the Terms of the Notes]

EXHIBIT A 

[depositary legend] 

[Unless
this Certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Company or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange, or payment, and any certificate issued is
registered in the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein.] 

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] 

NATIONAL
FUEL GAS COMPANY 

5.50% NOTES DUE 2030 

NO. R-1 CUSIP NO.: 636180 BT7

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: February 19, 2025 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $500,000,000

ORIGINAL INTEREST ACCRUAL DATE: February 19, 2025 INTEREST RATE: 5.50%

MATURITY DATE: March 15, 2030 

INTEREST PAYMENT DATES: March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2025

REDEEMABLE AT OPTION OF THE COMPANY: YES NO 

REDEEMABLE AT OPTION OF THE HOLDER: YES NO 

(See the Reverse of this Note for redemption provisions) 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of New Jersey
(herein referred to as the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received, hereby promises to pay to 
or registered assigns, the principal sum of on the Maturity Date specified above, and to pay interest thereon at the Interest Rate specified above, subject to adjustment as set forth on the
reverse hereof under Interest Rate Adjustment, semiannually on the Interest Payment Dates specified above of each 

year and on the Maturity Date, from the Original Interest Accrual Date specified above or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid, unless the Company shall
default in the payment of interest due on such Interest Payment Date, in which case interest shall be payable from the next preceding Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid, or, if no interest has been paid on this Security, from the
Original Interest Accrual Date. In the event that the Maturity Date or any date fixed for redemption is not a Business Day, then payment of principal and interest payable on such date shall be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day
(and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay) with the same force and effect as if made on such Maturity Date or date fixed for redemption. In the event that any Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then payment of
interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay) with the same force and effect as if made on such Interest Payment Date. The Initial
Interest Payment Date shall be September 15, 2025, and the payment on that date shall include all interest accrued from the Original Interest Accrual Date. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest
Payment Date shall, as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be
(a) the Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date so long as Securities of this series remain in book-entry only form or (b) the 15th calendar day prior to such Interest Payment Date if Securities of this series do not
remain in book-entry only form; provided, however, that interest payable at Maturity shall be paid to the Person to whom principal shall be paid. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to
the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted
Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice of which shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the
requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Security shall be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of New York, the State of New York in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that (a) at the
option of the Company, interest on this Security may be paid by check mailed to the address of the person entitled thereto, as such address shall appear on the Security Register or by wire transfer to an account designated by the person entitled
thereto, and (b) upon the written request of a Holder of not less than $10 million in aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series delivered to the Company and the Paying Agent at least ten days prior to any Interest Payment
Date, payment of interest on such Securities to such Holder on such Interest Payment Date shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account maintained within the continental United States specified by such Holder or, if
such Holder maintains an account with the entity acting as Paying Agent, by deposit into such account. 

- 2 - 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse
hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual, pdf or other electronically imaged signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for
any purpose. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY

By: 

Timothy J. Silverstein

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to the
Global Note (2030 Notes)] 

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION] 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within- mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 19, 2025 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as

Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to the
Certificate of Authentication (2030 Notes)]

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities), dated as of October 1, 1999 (herein, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, called the Indenture, which term shall have the meaning
assigned to it in such instrument), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and
reference is hereby made to the Indenture, including the Board Resolutions and Officers Certificate filed with the Trustee on February 19, 2025 creating the series designated on the face hereof, for a statement of the respective rights,
limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series
designated on the face hereof. The acceptance of this Security shall be deemed to constitute the consent and agreement by the Holder hereof to all terms and provisions of the Indenture. 

Optional Redemption 

Prior to
February 15, 2030 (one month prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Securities matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Securities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two
paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor 

designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading)
(H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the
Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding
the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from
the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there
are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States
Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate
in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and
determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Company shall notify the Trustee of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee will not
be responsible or liable for any calculation of the redemption price or of any component thereof, or for determining whether manifest error has occurred. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys
procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Securities to be redeemed. As provided in the Indenture, notice of redemption at the election of the Company as aforesaid may state that such
redemption shall be conditional upon the receipt by the applicable Paying Agent or Agents of money sufficient to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Securities on or prior to the date fixed for such redemption; a
notice of redemption so conditioned shall be of no force or effect if such money is not so received and, in such event, the Company shall not be required to redeem the Securities. 

- 2 - 

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Securities for redemption will be made
pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Securities of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Security is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of
redemption that relates to the Security will state the portion of the principal amount of the Security to be redeemed. Except in the case of global notes, a new Security in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Security will be
issued in the name of the holder of the Security upon surrender for cancellation of the original Security. In the case of the global notes, DTC, or its nominee, will determine the allocation of the redemption price amongst the ownership interest of
each actual purchaser of notes in such global note in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Company
defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. 

Interest Rate Adjustment 

The interest
rate payable on the Securities will be subject to adjustments from time to time if an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event occurs or, if following an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event, any of Moodys, S&P or Fitch, or any
Substitute Rating Agency, subsequently upgrades the debt rating assigned to the Securities, in each case in the manner described below. The interest rate payable on the Securities is also subject to adjustments if any of the Rating Agencies ceases
to rate the Securities or fails to make a rating of the Securities publicly available for reasons outside the Companys control, subject to the conditions described below. 

If an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event occurs, the interest rate payable on the Securities will increase from the interest rate
payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance by an amount equal to the sum of the percentages set forth in the following tables opposite the ratings of the Securities immediately following such Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event;
provided, that only the two lowest ratings assigned to the Securities will be taken into account for purposes of any interest rate adjustment: 

Moodys Rating* Percentage 

Ba1 0.25 % 

Ba2 0.50 % 

Ba3 0.75 % 

B1 or below 1.00 % 

* 

Including successor ratings of Moodys or the equivalent ratings of any Substitute Rating Agency for
Moodys. 

- 3 - 

S&P Rating* Percentage 

BB+ 0.25 % 

BB 0.50 % 

BB- 0.75 % 

B+ or below 1.00 % 

* 

Including successor ratings of S&P or the equivalent ratings of any Substitute Rating Agency for S&P.

Fitch Rating* Percentage 

BB+ 0.25 % 

BB 0.50 % 

BB- 0.75 % 

B+ or below 1.00 % 

* 

Including successor ratings of Fitch or the equivalent ratings of any Substitute Rating Agency for Fitch.

If at any time after an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event has occurred, any Rating Agency (or, in either case,
a Substitute Rating Agency therefor), as the case may be, subsequently increases its rating of the Securities to any of the threshold ratings set forth above, the interest rate payable on the Securities will be decreased such that the interest rate
payable for the Securities equals the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance plus (if applicable) the percentages set forth opposite the ratings from the tables above with respect to the two lowest ratings assigned to
the Securities in effect immediately following the increase. If at any time after an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event has occurred, Moodys (or any Substitute Rating Agency therefor) subsequently increases its rating of the Securities
to Baa3 (or its equivalent, in the case of a Substitute Rating Agency) or higher, S&P (or any Substitute Rating Agency therefor) increases its rating to BBB- (or its equivalent, in the case of a Substitute
Rating Agency) or higher and Fitch (or any Substitute Rating Agency therefor) increases its rating to BBB- (or its equivalent, in the case of a Substitute Rating Agency) or higher, the interest rate payable on
the Securities will be decreased to the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance (and if any two Rating Agencies increase their ratings assigned to the Securities to Baa3, BBB- or BBB- or higher, as the case may be, and the third Rating Agency does not, the interest rate payable on the Securities will be decreased so that it does not reflect any increase attributable to the upgrading Rating
Agencies). In addition, the interest rates on the Securities will permanently cease to be subject to any adjustment described above (notwithstanding any subsequent decrease in the ratings by any or all Rating Agencies) if the Securities become rated
Baa1, BBB+ or BBB+, as the case may be (or the equivalent of any such rating, in the case of a Substitute Rating Agency), or higher by any two of Moodys, S&P and Fitch (or, in any case, a Substitute Rating Agency thereof), respectively.

Each adjustment required by any decrease or increase in a rating set forth above, whether occasioned by the action of any of the Rating
Agencies (or, in either case, a Substitute Rating Agency therefor), shall be made independent of any and all other adjustments. In no event shall (1) the interest rate for the Securities be reduced to below the interest rate payable on the
Securities on the date of their issuance or (2) the total increase in the interest rate payable on the Securities exceed 2.00% above the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of the issuance. 

- 4 - 

No adjustments in the interest rate payable on the Securities shall be made solely as a
result of a Rating Agency ceasing to provide a rating of the Securities. If at any time a Rating Agency ceases to provide a rating of the Securities for a reason beyond the Companys control, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain a rating of the Securities from another Rating Agency, to the extent one exists, and if another such Rating Agency rates the Securities (such Rating Agency, a Substitute Rating Agency), for purposes of determining any
increase or decrease in the interest rate payable on the Securities pursuant to the tables above (a) such Substitute Rating Agency will be substituted for the last Rating Agency to provide a rating of the Securities but which has since ceased
to provide such rating and (b) the relative ratings scale used by such Substitute Rating Agency to assign ratings to senior unsecured debt shall be determined in good faith by an independent investment banking institution of national standing
appointed by the Company and, for purposes of determining the applicable ratings included in the applicable table above with respect to such Substitute Rating Agency, such ratings will be deemed to be the equivalent ratings used by Moodys,
S&P or Fitch, as applicable, in such table. If a Rating Agency has ceased to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason and the Company is unable to or otherwise does not designate a successor Rating Agency, that Rating Agency shall be
deemed to have rated the Securities at the lowest level contemplated by the tables above; however, if only one of the Rating Agencies ceases to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason, the deemed rating of that Rating Agency shall be
disregarded for purposes of all interest rate adjustments. If two of the Rating Agencies cease to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason and the Company is unable to or otherwise does not designate a successor Rating Agency for both
Rating Agencies, the deemed rating of only one of such two Rating Agencies shall be disregarded. If all three Rating Agencies cease to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason and the Company is unable to or otherwise does not designate a
successor Rating Agency for all three Rating Agencies, the interest rate on the Securities will increase to, or remain at, as the case may be, 2.00% above the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance. 

Any interest rate increase or decrease described above will take effect from the first day of the semi-annual interest period commencing after
the date on which a rating change occurs that requires an adjustment in the interest rate. 

If the interest rate payable on the Securities
is increased as described in this Interest Rate Adjustment, the term interest, as applicable to the Securities, will be deemed to include any such additional interest unless the context otherwise requires. 

The Company shall give the Trustee prompt written notice of any such increase or decrease, pursuant to this section, in the interest rate on
the Securities, which notice shall set forth the amount of such increase or decrease, the basis therefor and the date from which such increase or decrease shall take effect. The Trustee shall have no duty to independently monitor or determine
whether any such increase or decrease has occurred, the amount of such increase or decrease or the date from which such increase or decrease shall take effect and shall be fully- protected in relying on an officers certificate stating that an
interest rate adjustment has occurred and the amount of such adjustment. 

- 5 - 

For purposes of the interest rate adjustment provisions of the Securities, the following
terms will be applicable: 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Fundamental Change means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) any transaction of merger or consolidation or
amalgamation of any Material Subsidiary (other than a merger or consolidation with or into (i) the Company, if the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, or (ii) any other Subsidiary of the Company, provided that the
Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation); (2) any liquidation, winding up or dissolution of any Material Subsidiary; or (3) the direct or indirect conveyance, sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of, in one or more
series of related transactions, all or substantially all of any Material Subsidiarys assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (other than to (i) the Company or (ii) a Subsidiary of the Company). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company or any Material Subsidiary may, directly or indirectly convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one or more series of related transactions: (1) any or all of its interest in any Subsidiary to any other Subsidiary of
the Company; or (2) up to 10% of the Total Consolidated Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

Fundamental Change
Rating Event means the rating on the Securities is lowered by at least one Rating Agency such that the rating on the Securities is below investment grade on any day during the period (which period will be extended so long as the rating of
the Securities is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) commencing 60 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Fundamental Change or the Companys intention to effect
a Fundamental Change and ending 60 days following consummation of such Fundamental Change. 

Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering
Event means the occurrence of both a Fundamental Change and a Fundamental Change Rating Event. 

Material
Subsidiary means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Company whose assets exceed 10% of the Total Consolidated Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than any Subsidiary that is not a U.S. Person. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or
S&P ceases to rate the Securities or fails to make a rating of the Securities publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a Substitute Rating Agency. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability
company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests
representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of
such date, otherwise controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 

- 6 - 

Substitute Rating Agency means a nationally recognized statistical
rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Companys Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P,
or all of them, as the case may be. 

Total Consolidated Assets means, as of any date, the total consolidated assets of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, as set forth on the Companys most recently available consolidated balance sheet filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as of such date. 

U.S. Person means a United States Person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. 

Change of Control Offer 

If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem the Securities as described above, the
Company shall make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of the Securities to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Securities on the terms
set forth herein. In the Change of Control Offer, the Company shall offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Securities repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Securities repurchased to, but not
including, the date of repurchase (a Change of Control Payment), subject to the right of Holders of record on the applicable record date to receive interest due on the next Interest Payment Date. 

Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event or, at the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control, but after
public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to Holders of the Securities describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control
Triggering Event and offer to repurchase such Securities on the date specified in the applicable notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (a Change of Control Payment
Date). The notice, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, shall state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or prior to the applicable Change of
Control Payment Date. 

Upon the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(a) 

accept for payment all Securities or portions of Securities properly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the
Change of Control Offer; 

(b) 

deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Securities or
portions of Securities properly tendered; and 

- 7 - 

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Securities properly accepted together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Securities or portions of Securities being repurchased. 

The Company need not make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an
offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and the third party repurchases all Securities properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Company shall
not repurchase any Securities if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control
Triggering Event. 

The Company shall comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 14e-1 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Securities as a
result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Securities, the Company shall comply with those securities laws and
regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Securities by virtue of any such conflict. 

The Trustee shall have no duty or obligation to monitor whether or not a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred, and the Trustee may
conclusively presume that no such event shall have occurred unless and until the Trustee shall have received from the Company the officers certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Securities or portions of Securities being
repurchased referred to above. 

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Securities, the following terms are
applicable: 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale,
lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and the assets of its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, to any person, other than the Company or one of its subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person becomes the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or other Voting
Stock into which the Companys Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; (3) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person
consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or the Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash,
securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of
the surviving person or any direct or indirect parent company of the surviving person, measured by voting power rather than number of shares, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or (4) the adoption of a plan relating to the
Companys liquidation or dissolution. 

- 8 - 

The term person, as used in this definition, has the meaning given
thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both
a Change of Control and a Rating Event. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the
equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Rating Agencies
selected by the Company. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or
S&P ceases to rate the Securities or fails to make a rating of the Securities publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Companys Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. 

Rating Event means the rating on the Securities is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies and the Securities
are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by at least two of the three Rating Agencies, in any case on any day during the period (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Securities is under publicly announced consideration for a
possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) commencing 60 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of
such Change of Control. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., or any successor
thereto. 

Voting Stock means, with respect to any specified person (as that term is used in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

Unless the Company defaults in the Change of Control Payment, on and after the Change of Control Payment Date, interest shall cease to accrue
on the Securities or portions of the Securities tendered for repurchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer. 

The Indenture contains
provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of the Company in respect of this Security, or any portion of the principal amount thereof, upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, including the
Officers Certificate described above. 

- 9 - 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities shall occur and be continuing, the
principal of the Securities may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture
permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any
time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of all series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified
percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past
defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any
proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless (a) such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with
respect to the Securities of this series, (b) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of all series at the time Outstanding in respect of which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing shall
have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee, (c) such Holder shall have offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, (d) the Trustee shall have failed to
institute any such proceeding for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity, and (e) the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all series at the
time Outstanding in respect of which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing a direction inconsistent with such request. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any
payment of principal hereof and premium, if any, or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference
herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Security at the
times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

The Securities are issuable only in registered form without
coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities are transferable to a transferee or transferees, as designated by
the Holder surrendering the same for such registration of transfer, and exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities and of like tenor and of authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

- 10 - 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the
Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

The
Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the
Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the
Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

- 11 - 

EXHIBIT B 

[depositary legend] 

[Unless
this Certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Company or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange, or payment, and any certificate issued is
registered in the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein.] 

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] 

NATIONAL
FUEL GAS COMPANY 

5.95% NOTES DUE 2035 

NO. R-1 CUSIP NO.: 636180 BU4

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE: February 19, 2025 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: $500,000,000

ORIGINAL INTEREST ACCRUAL DATE: February 19, 2025 INTEREST RATE: 5.95%

MATURITY DATE: March 15, 2035 

INTEREST PAYMENT DATES: March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2025

REDEEMABLE AT OPTION OF THE COMPANY: YES NO 

REDEEMABLE AT OPTION OF THE HOLDER: YES NO 

(See the Reverse of this Note for redemption provisions) 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of New Jersey
(herein referred to as the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received, hereby promises to pay to _______________ or registered assigns, the principal sum
of _______________ on the Maturity Date specified above, and to pay interest thereon at the Interest Rate specified above, subject to adjustment as set forth on the reverse hereof under Interest Rate Adjustment, semiannually on the
Interest Payment Dates specified above of each 

year and on the Maturity Date, from the Original Interest Accrual Date specified above or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid, unless the Company shall
default in the payment of interest due on such Interest Payment Date, in which case interest shall be payable from the next preceding Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid, or, if no interest has been paid on this Security, from the
Original Interest Accrual Date. In the event that the Maturity Date or any date fixed for redemption is not a Business Day, then payment of principal and interest payable on such date shall be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day
(and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay) with the same force and effect as if made on such Maturity Date or date fixed for redemption. In the event that any Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then payment of
interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay) with the same force and effect as if made on such Interest Payment Date. The Initial
Interest Payment Date shall be September 15, 2025, and the payment on that date shall include all interest accrued from the Original Interest Accrual Date. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest
Payment Date shall, as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be
(a) the Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date so long as Securities of this series remain in book-entry only form or (b) the 15th calendar day prior to such Interest Payment Date if Securities of this series do not
remain in book-entry only form; provided, however, that interest payable at Maturity shall be paid to the Person to whom principal shall be paid. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to
the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted
Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice of which shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the
requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 

Payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Security shall be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained
for that purpose in The City of New York, the State of New York in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that (a) at the
option of the Company, interest on this Security may be paid by check mailed to the address of the person entitled thereto, as such address shall appear on the Security Register or by wire transfer to an account designated by the person entitled
thereto, and (b) upon the written request of a Holder of not less than $10 million in aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series delivered to the Company and the Paying Agent at least ten days prior to any Interest Payment
Date, payment of interest on such Securities to such Holder on such Interest Payment Date shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account maintained within the continental United States specified by such Holder or, if
such Holder maintains an account with the entity acting as Paying Agent, by deposit into such account. 

- 2 - 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse
hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual, pdf or other electronically imaged signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for
any purpose. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

- 3 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS COMPANY

By: 

Timothy J. Silverstein

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to the
Global Note (2035 Notes)]

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION] 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within- mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 19, 2025 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to the
Certificate of Authentication (2035 Notes)]

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be
issued in one or more series under an Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities), dated as of October 1, 1999 (herein, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, called the Indenture, which term shall have the meaning
assigned to it in such instrument), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and
reference is hereby made to the Indenture, including the Board Resolutions and Officers Certificate filed with the Trustee on February 19, 2025 creating the series designated on the face hereof, for a statement of the respective rights,
limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series
designated on the face hereof. The acceptance of this Security shall be deemed to constitute the consent and agreement by the Holder hereof to all terms and provisions of the Indenture. 

Optional Redemption 

Prior to
December 15, 2034 (three months prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Securities matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Securities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption
price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two
paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor

designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading)
(H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the
Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding
the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from
the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there
are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States
Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate
in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and
determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Company shall notify the Trustee of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee will not
be responsible or liable for any calculation of the redemption price or of any component thereof, or for determining whether manifest error has occurred. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys
procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Securities to be redeemed. As provided in the Indenture, notice of redemption at the election of the Company as aforesaid may state that such
redemption shall be conditional upon the receipt by the applicable Paying Agent or Agents of 

- 2 - 

money sufficient to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Securities on or prior to the date fixed for such redemption; a notice of redemption so conditioned
shall be of no force or effect if such money is not so received and, in such event, the Company shall not be required to redeem the Securities. 

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Securities for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the
Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Securities of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Security is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Security will
state the portion of the principal amount of the Security to be redeemed. Except in the case of global notes, a new Security in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Security will be issued in the name of the holder of the
Security upon surrender for cancellation of the original Security. In the case of the global notes, DTC, or its nominee, will determine the allocation of the redemption price amongst the ownership interest of each actual purchaser of notes in such
global note in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption
price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. 

Interest Rate
Adjustment 

The interest rate payable on the Securities will be subject to adjustments from time to time if an Interest Rate Adjustment
Triggering Event occurs or, if following an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event, any of Moodys, S&P or Fitch, or any Substitute Rating Agency, subsequently upgrades the debt rating assigned to the Securities, in each case in the
manner described below. The interest rate payable on the Securities is also subject to adjustments if any of the Rating Agencies ceases to rate the Securities or fails to make a rating of the Securities publicly available for reasons outside the
Companys control, subject to the conditions described below. 

If an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event occurs, the interest
rate payable on the Securities will increase from the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance by an amount equal to the sum of the percentages set forth in the following tables opposite the ratings of the Securities
immediately following such Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event; provided, that only the two lowest ratings assigned to the Securities will be taken into account for purposes of any interest rate adjustment: 

Moodys Rating* Percentage 

Ba1 0.25 % 

Ba2 0.50 % 

Ba3 0.75 % 

B1 or below 1.00 % 

* 

Including successor ratings of Moodys or the equivalent ratings of any Substitute Rating Agency for
Moodys. 

- 3 - 

S&P Rating* Percentage 

BB+ 0.25 % 

BB 0.50 % 

BB- 0.75 % 

B+ or below 1.00 % 

* 

Including successor ratings of S&P or the equivalent ratings of any Substitute Rating Agency for S&P.

Fitch Rating* Percentage 

BB+ 0.25 % 

BB 0.50 % 

BB- 0.75 % 

B+ or below 1.00 % 

* 

Including successor ratings of Fitch or the equivalent ratings of any Substitute Rating Agency for Fitch.

If at any time after an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event has occurred, any Rating Agency (or, in either case,
a Substitute Rating Agency therefor), as the case may be, subsequently increases its rating of the Securities to any of the threshold ratings set forth above, the interest rate payable on the Securities will be decreased such that the interest rate
payable for the Securities equals the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance plus (if applicable) the percentages set forth opposite the ratings from the tables above with respect to the two lowest ratings assigned to
the Securities in effect immediately following the increase. If at any time after an Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering Event has occurred, Moodys (or any Substitute Rating Agency therefor) subsequently increases its rating of the Securities
to Baa3 (or its equivalent, in the case of a Substitute Rating Agency) or higher, S&P (or any Substitute Rating Agency therefor) increases its rating to BBB- (or its equivalent, in the case of a Substitute
Rating Agency) or higher and Fitch (or any Substitute Rating Agency therefor) increases its rating to BBB- (or its equivalent, in the case of a Substitute Rating Agency) or higher, the interest rate payable on
the Securities will be decreased to the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance (and if any two Rating Agencies increase their ratings assigned to the Securities to Baa3, BBB- or BBB- or higher, as the case may be, and the third Rating Agency does not, the interest rate payable on the Securities will be decreased so that it does not reflect any increase attributable to the upgrading Rating
Agencies). In addition, the interest rates on the Securities will permanently cease to be subject to any adjustment described above (notwithstanding any subsequent decrease in the ratings by any or all Rating Agencies) if the Securities become rated
Baa1, BBB+ or BBB+, as the case may be (or the equivalent of any such rating, in the case of a Substitute Rating Agency), or higher by any two of Moodys, S&P and Fitch (or, in any case, a Substitute Rating Agency thereof), respectively.

Each adjustment required by any decrease or increase in a rating set forth above, whether occasioned by the action of any of the Rating
Agencies (or, in either case, a Substitute Rating Agency therefor), shall be made independent of any and all other adjustments. In no event shall (1) the interest rate for the Securities be reduced to below the interest rate payable on the
Securities on the date of their issuance or (2) the total increase in the interest rate payable on the Securities exceed 2.00% above the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of the issuance. 

- 4 - 

No adjustments in the interest rate payable on the Securities shall be made solely as a
result of a Rating Agency ceasing to provide a rating of the Securities. If at any time a Rating Agency ceases to provide a rating of the Securities for a reason beyond the Companys control, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain a rating of the Securities from another Rating Agency, to the extent one exists, and if another such Rating Agency rates the Securities (such Rating Agency, a Substitute Rating Agency), for purposes of determining any
increase or decrease in the interest rate payable on the Securities pursuant to the tables above (a) such Substitute Rating Agency will be substituted for the last Rating Agency to provide a rating of the Securities but which has since ceased
to provide such rating and (b) the relative ratings scale used by such Substitute Rating Agency to assign ratings to senior unsecured debt shall be determined in good faith by an independent investment banking institution of national standing
appointed by the Company and, for purposes of determining the applicable ratings included in the applicable table above with respect to such Substitute Rating Agency, such ratings will be deemed to be the equivalent ratings used by Moodys,
S&P or Fitch, as applicable, in such table. If a Rating Agency has ceased to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason and the Company is unable to or otherwise does not designate a successor Rating Agency, that Rating Agency shall be
deemed to have rated the Securities at the lowest level contemplated by the tables above; however, if only one of the Rating Agencies ceases to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason, the deemed rating of that Rating Agency shall be
disregarded for purposes of all interest rate adjustments. If two of the Rating Agencies cease to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason and the Company is unable to or otherwise does not designate a successor Rating Agency for both
Rating Agencies, the deemed rating of only one of such two Rating Agencies shall be disregarded. If all three Rating Agencies cease to provide a rating of the Securities for any reason and the Company is unable to or otherwise does not designate a
successor Rating Agency for all three Rating Agencies, the interest rate on the Securities will increase to, or remain at, as the case may be, 2.00% above the interest rate payable on the Securities on the date of their issuance. 

Any interest rate increase or decrease described above will take effect from the first day of the semi-annual interest period commencing after
the date on which a rating change occurs that requires an adjustment in the interest rate. 

If the interest rate payable on the Securities
is increased as described in this Interest Rate Adjustment, the term interest, as applicable to the Securities, will be deemed to include any such additional interest unless the context otherwise requires. 

The Company shall give the Trustee prompt written notice of any such increase or decrease, pursuant to this section, in the interest rate on
the Securities, which notice shall set forth the amount of such increase or decrease, the basis therefor and the date from which such increase or decrease shall take effect. The Trustee shall have no duty to independently monitor or determine
whether any such increase or decrease has occurred, the amount of such increase or decrease or the date from which such increase or decrease shall take effect and shall be fully- protected in relying on an officers certificate stating that an
interest rate adjustment has occurred and the amount of such adjustment. 

- 5 - 

For purposes of the interest rate adjustment provisions of the Securities, the following
terms will be applicable: 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Fundamental Change means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) any transaction of merger or consolidation or
amalgamation of any Material Subsidiary (other than a merger or consolidation with or into (i) the Company, if the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, or (ii) any other Subsidiary of the Company, provided that the
Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation); (2) any liquidation, winding up or dissolution of any Material Subsidiary; or (3) the direct or indirect conveyance, sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of, in one or more
series of related transactions, all or substantially all of any Material Subsidiarys assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (other than to (i) the Company or (ii) a Subsidiary of the Company). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company or any Material Subsidiary may, directly or indirectly convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one or more series of related transactions: (1) any or all of its interest in any Subsidiary to any other Subsidiary of
the Company; or (2) up to 10% of the Total Consolidated Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

Fundamental Change
Rating Event means the rating on the Securities is lowered by at least one Rating Agency such that the rating on the Securities is below investment grade on any day during the period (which period will be extended so long as the rating of
the Securities is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) commencing 60 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Fundamental Change or the Companys intention to effect
a Fundamental Change and ending 60 days following consummation of such Fundamental Change. 

Interest Rate Adjustment Triggering
Event means the occurrence of both a Fundamental Change and a Fundamental Change Rating Event. 

Material
Subsidiary means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Company whose assets exceed 10% of the Total Consolidated Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than any Subsidiary that is not a U.S. Person. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or
S&P ceases to rate the Securities or fails to make a rating of the Securities publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a Substitute Rating Agency. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability
company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests
representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of
such date, otherwise controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 

- 6 - 

Substitute Rating Agency means a nationally recognized statistical
rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Companys Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P,
or all of them, as the case may be. 

Total Consolidated Assets means, as of any date, the total consolidated assets of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, as set forth on the Companys most recently available consolidated balance sheet filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as of such date. 

U.S. Person means a United States Person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. 

Change of Control Offer 

If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem the Securities as described above, the
Company shall make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of the Securities to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Securities on the terms
set forth herein. In the Change of Control Offer, the Company shall offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Securities repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Securities repurchased to, but not
including, the date of repurchase (a Change of Control Payment), subject to the right of Holders of record on the applicable record date to receive interest due on the next Interest Payment Date. 

Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event or, at the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control, but after
public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to Holders of the Securities describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control
Triggering Event and offer to repurchase such Securities on the date specified in the applicable notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (a Change of Control Payment
Date). The notice, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, shall state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or prior to the applicable Change of
Control Payment Date. 

Upon the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(a) 

accept for payment all Securities or portions of Securities properly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the
Change of Control Offer; 

- 7 - 

(b) 

deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Securities or
portions of Securities properly tendered; and 

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Securities properly accepted together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Securities or portions of Securities being repurchased. 

The Company need not make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an
offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and the third party repurchases all Securities properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Company shall
not repurchase any Securities if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control
Triggering Event. 

The Company shall comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 14e-1 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Securities as a
result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Securities, the Company shall comply with those securities laws and
regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Securities by virtue of any such conflict. 

The Trustee shall have no duty or obligation to monitor whether or not a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred, and the Trustee may
conclusively presume that no such event shall have occurred unless and until the Trustee shall have received from the Company the officers certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Securities or portions of Securities being
repurchased referred to above. 

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Securities, the following terms are
applicable: 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale,
lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets and the assets of its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, to any person, other than the Company or one of its subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person becomes the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or other Voting
Stock into which the Companys Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; (3) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person
consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or the Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash,
securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the 

- 8 - 

Companys Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any
direct or indirect parent company of the surviving person, measured by voting power rather than number of shares, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or (4) the adoption of a plan relating to the Companys liquidation or
dissolution. 

The term person, as used in this definition, has the meaning given thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Rating
Event. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the
equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Rating Agencies
selected by the Company. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P and (2) if any of Fitch, Moodys or
S&P ceases to rate the Securities or fails to make a rating of the Securities publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Companys Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moodys or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. 

Rating Event means the rating on the Securities is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies and the Securities
are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by at least two of the three Rating Agencies, in any case on any day during the period (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Securities is under publicly announced consideration for a
possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) commencing 60 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of
such Change of Control. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., or any successor
thereto. 

Voting Stock means, with respect to any specified person (as that term is used in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

Unless the Company defaults in the Change of Control Payment, on and after the Change of Control Payment Date, interest shall cease to accrue
on the Securities or portions of the Securities tendered for repurchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer. 

- 9 - 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of
the Company in respect of this Security, or any portion of the principal amount thereof, upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, including the Officers Certificate described above. 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities may be declared due and
payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided,
the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of
the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of all series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of
each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any
such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu
hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the
Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless (a) such Holder shall have
previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, (b) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of all series at the time Outstanding in
respect of which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee, (c) such Holder shall have
offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, (d) the Trustee shall have failed to institute any such proceeding for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity, and (e) the Trustee shall not have received from the
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all series at the time Outstanding in respect of which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing a direction inconsistent with such request. The foregoing shall not
apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof and premium, if any, or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

- 10 - 

The Securities are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities are transferable to a transferee or transferees, as designated by the Holder surrendering the
same for such registration of transfer, and exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities and of like tenor and of authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

The Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the
Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the
contrary. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

- 11 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1(1)
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d876094dex511.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1(1)
<TEXT>
EX-5.1(1)

Exhibit 5.1.1 

NORTH POINT 901 LAKESIDE AVENUE CLEVELAND, OHIO 44114.1190 

TELEPHONE: +1.216.586.3939 JONESDAY.COM 

February 19, 2025 

National Fuel Gas Company

6363 Main Street 

Williamsville, New York 14221 

Re: 

$500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.50% Notes due 2030 and 

$500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.95% Notes due 2035 of 

National Fuel Gas
Company

Ladies and Gentleman: 

We are acting as counsel
for National Fuel Gas Company, a New Jersey corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale of (i) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.50% Notes due 2030 (the 2030
Notes) and (ii) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.95% Notes due 2035 (together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes), pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of
February 4, 2025, entered into by and among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and PNC Capital Markets LLC, acting as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The Notes are being issued under the
Indenture, dated as of October 1, 1999 (as supplemented or amended to date, the Indenture), by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York), as trustee (the
Trustee), including the terms of the Notes established as contemplated by Section 301 of the Indenture. 

In
connection with the opinion expressed herein, we have examined such documents, records and matters of law as we have deemed relevant or necessary for purposes of this opinion. Based on the foregoing, and subject to the further limitations,
qualifications and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Notes constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company. 

The opinion set forth above is subject to the following limitations, qualifications and assumptions: 

For purposes of the opinion expressed herein, we have assumed that (i) the Trustee has authorized, executed and delivered the Indenture,
(ii) the Notes have been duly authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture and (iii) the Indenture is the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Trustee. 

AMSTERDAM ATLANTA BEIJING BOSTON BRISBANE BRUSSELS CHICAGO CLEVELAND COLUMBUS DALLAS

DETROIT DUBAI DSSELDORF FRANKFURT HONG 
KONG HOUSTON IRVINE LONDON LOS ANGELES MADRID 

MELBOURNE MEXICO 
CITY MIAMI MILAN MINNEAPOLIS MUNICH NEW YORK PARIS PERTH PITTSBURGH 

SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO SO 
PAULO SHANGHAI SILICON VALLEY SINGAPORE SYDNEY TAIPEI TOKYO WASHINGTON 

National Fuel Gas Company 

February 19, 2025 

Page
2

In rendering the foregoing opinion, we have further assumed that (a) the Company is a
corporation existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New Jersey, (b) the Indenture and the Notes have been (i) authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and (ii) executed and delivered by the
Company under the laws of the State of New Jersey, and (c) the execution, delivery, performance and compliance with the terms and provisions of the Indenture and the Notes by the Company do not violate or conflict with the laws of the State of
New Jersey or the terms and provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended by the Certificates of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 14, 2005 and March 15, 2021, or the
Companys By-Laws, as amended and restated June 15, 2022, or any rule, regulation, order, decree, judgment, instrument or agreement binding upon or applicable to it or its properties. 

The opinion expressed herein is limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer and fraudulent conveyance,
voidable preference, moratorium or other similar laws and related regulations and judicial doctrines from time to time in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and (ii) general equitable principles and
public policy considerations, whether such principles and considerations are considered in a proceeding at law or at equity. 

As to facts
material to the opinion and assumptions expressed herein, we have relied upon oral or written statements and representations of the officers and other representatives of the Company and others. 

The opinion expressed herein is limited to the laws of the State of New York, as currently in effect, and we express no opinion as to the
effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Current Report on
Form 8-K dated the date hereof filed by the Company and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-273926) (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company to effect the registration of the Notes under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act) and to
the reference to Jones Day under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus constituting a part of such Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are included in the category of persons whose
consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Jones Day
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1(2)
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d876094dex512.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1(2)
<TEXT>
EX-5.1(2)

Exhibit 5.1.2

February 19, 2025 

National Fuel Gas Company 

6363
Main Street 

Williamsville, New York 14221 

Re: National Fuel Gas Company 

Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have
served as special New Jersey counsel to National Fuel Gas Company, a New Jersey corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $500,000,000 5.50% Notes due 2030 and $500,000,000 5.95% Notes
due 2035 (collectively, the Notes), covered by the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-273926) (Registration Statement),
including the prospectus constituting a part thereof, dated August 11, 2023, as supplemented by each of (i) the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, Subject to Completion, dated February 4, 2025 (such Prospectus, as so supplemented, the
Preliminary Prospectus) and (ii) the Prospectus Supplement dated February 4, 2025 (such Prospectus, as so supplemented, the Prospectus), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (1933 Act). We have represented the Company in connection with certain transactions on matters relating to New Jersey corporate law, but do not generally represent the Company nor act
as the Companys regular outside counsel. 

The Notes were issued under the Companys Indenture, dated as of
October 1, 1999, to The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York), as Trustee, including the terms of the Notes set forth in, or determined in a manner provided in, a certificate dated February 19, 2025, delivered pursuant to
Section 301 thereof (the Indenture). The Notes were sold by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement dated February 4, 2025 between the Company and the Underwriters named therein. For purposes of our opinions
set forth herein, we have assumed, with your consent and without investigation, the correctness and accuracy of the opinions, dated this same date, of Jones Day. 

In connection with rendering the opinions contained in this letter, we have examined originals or copies, certified or
otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, agreements, certificates of public officials and other instruments and reviewed such questions of law as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the
opinions contained in this letter, including the following documents: 

(a) 

the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, and Prospectus; 

(b) 

the Indenture and Notes; 

(c) 

the certificate of the Secretary of the Company dated as of even date herewith (the Secretarys
Certificate); 

National Fuel Gas Company 

February 19, 2025 

Page 2

(d) 

the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated September 21, 1998, as amended by
(i) that certain Certificate of Amendment dated March 14, 2005 and (ii) that certain Certificate of Amendment dated March 15, 2021 (collectively, the Restated Charter); 

(e) 

the Bylaws of the Company as amended and restated on June 15, 2022 (the Bylaws); and

(f) 

a certificate of good standing relating to the Company from the New Jersey State Treasurer dated
December 20, 2024 (the Good Standing Certificate). 

We have also examined such corporate
records, certificates and other documents, and such questions of law, as we have considered necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this opinion. 

Upon the basis of such examination and subject to each of the qualifications referred to herein, we advise you that, in our
opinion: 

1. 

The Company is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the State of New Jersey.

2. 

The Indenture pursuant to which the Notes are being issued has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by
the Company. 

3. 

The Notes have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

This opinion letter is based upon the customary practice of lawyers who regularly give, and lawyers who regularly advise
recipients regarding, opinions of the kind rendered in this opinion letter. The opinions expressed herein are subject to the assumptions, exceptions, limitations, qualifications and comments set forth herein. 

The opinions expressed herein relate only to laws that are specifically referred to in this letter and which, in our
experience, are normally applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the Indenture and Notes. We have not undertaken any research for purposes of determining whether any parties to any agreement or any of the transactions that may occur
in connection with the Indenture and Notes are subject to any law or other governmental requirement that is not generally applicable to transactions of the type provided for in the Indenture and Notes. 

We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies (whether or not certified, and including facsimiles), and the authenticity of such latter documents. We have also assumed that the
Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties thereto and that the Indenture is the valid and legally binding obligation of the Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this letter have the meanings contained in
the Prospectus. 

National Fuel Gas Company 

February 19, 2025 

Page 3

In rendering the opinion set forth in Paragraph 1 above, we have relied on the Good Standing Certificate as to the valid
existence of the Company and our opinion in that Paragraph is given solely as of the date and time of such certificate. 

In rendering the opinions set forth in Paragraphs 2 and 3 above as to the execution of the Indenture and the Notes by the
Company, we have relied solely on the Secretarys Certificate and certain other certificates delivered to us by officers of the Company. In rendering the opinion set forth in Paragraphs 2 and 3 above as to the delivery by the Company of the
Indenture and the Notes, we have assumed with your permission that (a) the laws governing such delivery if other than New Jersey law are substantially similar to the laws of the State of New Jersey and (b) electronic transmission of the
Indenture and the Notes has been authorized by the parties to the Indenture and the Notes for purposes of delivery. 

We
are members of the Bar of the State of New Jersey and we do not express any opinion herein governing any law other than the law of the State of New Jersey nor with respect to choice of laws. This letter speaks as of its date, and we undertake no
(and hereby disclaim any) obligation to update this letter. 

We hereby consent to the use of this letter as an exhibit to
the Registration Statement and to the use of our name, as counsel, therein. In giving the foregoing consent, we do not thereby admit that we belong to the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the 1933 Act, or the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ LOWENSTEIN SANDLER LLP

LOWENSTEIN SANDLER LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nfg-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nfg-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nfg-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g876094g0213074020304.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g876094g0213074328224.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g876094g0214095405723.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g876094g0214095406188.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g876094g39d25.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 19, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name NATIONAL FUEL GAS CO

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000070145

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NJ

Entity File Number 1-3880

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-1086010

Entity Address, Address Line One 6363 Main Street

Entity Address, City or Town Williamsville

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 14221

City Area Code (716)

Local Phone Number 857-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share

Trading Symbol NFG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.nationalfuelgas.com//20250219/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d876094d8k.htm 
nfg-20250219.xsd 
nfg-20250219_lab.xml 
nfg-20250219_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-029361-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>d876094d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000070145 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

NATIONAL FUEL GAS CO 
false 
0000070145 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
NJ 
1-3880 
13-1086010 
6363 Main Street 
Williamsville 
NY 
14221 
(716) 
857-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share 
NFG 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>