<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004953.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004953.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205090016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004953
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Glucotrack, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001506983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				980668934
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41141
		FILM NUMBER:		25591067

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 RT 17 NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972 (8) 675-7878

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 RT 17 NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GlucoTrack, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Integrity Applications, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101203
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000150698300015069832025-02-042025-02-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 4, 2025

GLUCOTRACK,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41141 98-0668934

(State
or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
Incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

301
Rte 17 North, Ste. 800, Rutherford, NJ 07070

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (201)842-7715

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock GCTK The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 
230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On
February 4, 2025, Glucotrack, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a securities purchase agreement
(the Purchase Agreement) with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers), relating to the registered
direct offering and sale of an aggregate of 2,638,042 shares of the Companys common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), at an offering price of $1.15 per share of Common Stock (the Offering).
The shares of Common Stock were offered by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated February 4, 2025, and accompanying prospectus
dated October 3, 2024, in connection with a takedown from the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration
No. 333-282297), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), on October 3, 2024. A copy
of the legal opinion of Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP relating to the validity of the shares of Common Stock issued in the
Offering is filed herewith as Exhibit 5.1.

Dawson
James Securities, Inc. (the Placement Agent),
acted as the placement agent for the Offering pursuant to a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement),
dated February 4, 2025, by and between the Company and the Placement Agent.

The
gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering will be approximately $3.03 million, before deducting Placement Agent fees and other
offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general
corporate purposes. The closing of the Offering is expected to occur on February 5, 2025.

The
Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants made by the Company that are customary for transactions of this
type. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and subject to certain exceptions, the Company has agreed not to (i) issue, enter into
any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents or (ii)
file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, for a period of thirty (30) days following the closing of the Offering.
The Company has also agreed not to effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents
involving a Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, for a period of thirty (30) days following the closing of
the Offering, subject to certain exceptions.

In
connection with the Offering, the Companys directors and executive officers will enter into lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up
Agreements) that provide that, for a period of 180 days after the later of the closing of the Offering, subject to certain limited
exceptions and as applicable, the directors and executive officers will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent
of the Placement Agent, (i) offer to sell, sell, contract to sell pledge, grant, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of our Common
Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (the Lock-Up Securities), (ii)
enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of the Lock-Up Securities, (iii) establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder with respect to
any Common Stock owned directly by the director or executive officer (including holding as a custodian) or with respect to which the
director or executive officer has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the SEC, whether any such transaction described
in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (iv) make any demand for or exercise
any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (v) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale,
pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities.

Pursuant
to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 8.0% of the gross proceeds received
by the Company in the Offering from sales arranged for by the Placement Agent.

The
foregoing is only a summary of the material terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Placement Agency Agreement, and Lock-Up Agreements
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full texts of the agreements, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2,
and 10.3 respectively, and incorporated by reference herein.

The
foregoing summary and the exhibits hereto also are not intended to modify or supplement any disclosures about the Company in its reports
filed with the SEC. In particular, the agreements and the related summary are not intended to be, and should not be relied upon, as disclosures
regarding any facts and circumstances relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. The agreements contain representations
and warranties by the Company, which were made only for purposes of that agreement and as of specified dates. The representations, warranties
and covenants in the agreements were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreements; may be subject to limitations agreed
upon by the contracting parties, including being subject to confidential disclosures that may modify, qualify or create exceptions to
such representations and warranties; may be made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the agreements
instead of establishing these matters as facts; and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties
that differ from those applicable to investors. Accordingly, the agreements are filed with this report only to provide investors with
information regarding the terms of the transactions contemplated thereby, and not to provide investors with any other factual information
regarding the Company. In addition, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change
after the date of the agreements, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in our public disclosures.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information presented in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the accompanying press releases shall not be deemed to be filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject
to the liabilities of that section, unless the Company specifically states that the information is to be considered filed
under the Exchange Act or specifically incorporates it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Placement Agent Agreement.

10.3 Form of Lock-up Agreement

23.1 Consent of Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press Release, dated February 4, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 5, 2025 

GLUCOTRACK,
INC.

By: /s/
Paul Goode

Name: Paul
Goode

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

NELSON
MULLINS RILEY & SCARBOROUGH LLP

ATTORNEYS
AND COUNSELORS AT LAW

301
Hillsborough St.

Suite
1400

Raleigh,
NC 27603

T
919.329.3800 F 919.329.3799

Nelsonmullins.com

February
5, 2025

Glucotrack,
Inc.

301
Rte 17 North, Ste. 800

Rutherford,
NJ 07070

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Glucotrack, Inc. (the Company), a Delaware corporation, in connection with the offering by the
Company of an aggregate of 2,638,042 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share
(the Shares), registered under the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-282297) filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), and declared effective
by the SEC on October 3, 2024 (the Registration Statement).

The
Shares are to be sold by the Company pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2025 (the Purchase
Agreement), entered into by and between the Company and the purchasers named therein, a form of which has been filed as Exhibit
10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to which this opinion is attached as Exhibit 5.1.

This
opinion letter is being delivered in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, and
no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement.

As
counsel, in connection with this opinion, we have examined and relied upon the originals, or copies certified to our satisfaction, of
such records, documents, certificates, opinions, memoranda and other instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate to enable
us to render the opinion expressed below, including (i) the Registration Statement, together with the exhibits thereto and the documents
incorporated by reference therein; (ii) the base prospectus, dated October 3, 2024, together with the documents incorporated by reference
therein, filed with the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), and the prospectus supplement, dated February 4,
2025, in the form to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act relating to the offering of the Shares
(the Prospectus Supplement and, together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus); (iii) the organizational
documents of the Company, including the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and as currently in effect, and the
Companys Bylaws, as amended and currently in effect; (iv) minutes and records of the corporate proceedings of the Company with
respect to the authorization of the sale and issuance of the Shares; and (v) the Purchase Agreement. We have also reviewed such other
documents and made such other investigations as we have deemed appropriate.

CALIFORNIA
| COLORADO | DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA | FLORIDA | GEORGIA | ILLINOIS | MARYLAND | MASSACHUSETTS | MINNESOTA | NEW YORK | NORTH CAROLINA |
OHIO | PENNSYLVANIA | SOUTH CAROLINA | TENNESSEE | TEXAS | VIRGINIA | WEST VIRGINIA

Glucotrack,
Inc.

February
5, 2025

Page
2

For
the purpose of rendering this opinion, we assumed, without investigation, the genuineness of all signatures, the correctness of all certificates,
the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted as certified
or photostatic copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies, and the accuracy and completeness of all records made available
to us by the Company. In addition, in rendering this opinion, we assumed that the Shares will be offered in the manner and on the terms
identified or referred to in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, including all supplements
and amendments thereto.

Our
opinion is limited solely to matters set forth herein. The law covered by the opinions expressed herein is limited to the federal law
of the United States and internal laws of the State of Delaware and the State of New York.

On
the basis of the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, we are of the opinion that the Shares, have been duly authorized, and following
issuance and delivery against payment therefore in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and we further consent to the use of our name
under the caption Legal Matters in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement. By giving
these consents, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons where consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP

Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into and made effective as of February 4, 2025, between
Glucotrack, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto
(each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) as to the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants (each as defined herein)
(collectively, the Securities), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, the Securities of the Company as provided in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the words and terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following
words and terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

BSA/PATRIOT
Act shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is
not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York, NY time) and before midnight (New York, NY time) on a Trading Day).

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares
of Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Company
Counsel means Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP, counsel to the Company.

Control
(including the terms Controlled by and under common Control with) means the possession, directly
or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, as trustee or executor, by contract or otherwise, including the ownership, directly or indirectly, of securities
having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar body governing the affairs of such person or securities that
represent a majority of the outstanding voting securities of such person.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York, NY time) and
before midnight (New York, NY time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York, NY time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York, NY time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York, NY time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York, NY time) on the date hereof,
unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

DVP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

DWAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a)(ii).

EDGAR
means the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval System.

ERISA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(i).

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units, or options, including the shares of Common
Stock underlying the restricted stock units or options, to employees, officers, directors, or consultants of the Company pursuant to
any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (ii) Common
Stock issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Warrants issued hereunder or Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued
to the Placement Agent in connection with the Offering and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement provided that such securities have not been amended since
the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price, or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or anti-dilution provisions contained therein as
disclosed in the SEC Reports and the Prospectus) or to extend the term of such securities or securities issuable in connection with a
transaction involving the Company and existing stockholders in which the Company offers the existing stockholders the option to exchange
their shares of Common Stock for other securities of the Company, (iii), securities issued pursuant to merger, acquisition, or strategic
transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as
restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any
registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided, further
that any such issuance shall only be to a Person that (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company, or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and in which the Company receives
benefits in addition to any investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily
for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (iv) securities for settlement
of outstanding payables or liabilities provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and (v) up to $8,000,000 of securities issued to other purchasers pursuant
to the Prospectus concurrently with the Closing at the Per Share Purchase Price, less the aggregate Subscription Amount pursuant to this
Agreement, and the Placement Agents Warrants pursuant to the Prospectus.

Page 2of 32

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(l).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a)(ii).

Food
and Drug Regulations shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

FTC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(l).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

GDPR
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(z).

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

IT
Systems and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Placement Agent and the directors, officers,
and 5% stockholders of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Misconduct
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Non-cooperative
Jurisdiction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(j).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(gg).

Offering
shall mean the offering of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement and the Registration Statement.

Page 3of 32

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $1.15, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits, share dividends, share combinations
and other similar events with respect to shares of Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing;
provided that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint share company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Personal
Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

Placement
Agency Agreement means the Placement Agency Agreement by and between the Company and the Placement Agent dated as of February
4, 2025, as it may be amended from time to time.

Placement
Agent means Dawson James Securities, Inc.

Policies
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

Pre-Funded
Warrants means the Common Stock Purchase Warrants delivered to certain of the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with
Section 2.2(a)(ix) hereof to the extent any Purchasers elect to receive Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares, which Pre-Funded Warrants
shall be exercisable into shares of Common Stock and shall be in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, which Pre-Funded Warrants
shall be exercisable beginning on the Initial Exercise Date (as defined therein) until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised,
and shall be exercisable at an exercise price of $0.001 per share.

Pre-Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.21.

Pre-Settlement
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.21.

Privacy
Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, a preliminary inquiry, an informal investigation
or a partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Product
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Prospectus
means the most recent prospectus that formed a part of the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
Commission and has been delivered by the Company to each Purchaser prior to the execution of this Agreement.

Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with SEC (File No. 333-282297), which became effective
on October 3, 2024 and which registers the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Page 4of 32

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such
Rule.

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares and the Warrants.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock which are issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Shell
Bank shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(h).

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants (in lieu of Shares)
and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the
heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers
aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for
cash).

Subsidiary
of any person means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint stock company, joint venture or other organization
or entity, whether incorporated or unincorporated, which is Controlled by such Person, and shall, where applicable, also include any
direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
or the NYSE American (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any
other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Vstock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere,
NY 11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Page 5of 32

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the shares of Common Stock are then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the shares of Common Stock are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York, NY time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, NY time)), (ii) if the OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX, (iii)
if shares of Common Stock are not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for shares of Common Stock are
then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to
its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the
fair market value per share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority
in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid
by the Company.

Warrants
means the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,
agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $3,000,000 of the Shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that
a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchasers Subscription Amount (together with such Purchasers
Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would cause such
Purchasers beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser
may otherwise choose, such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of the Shares as determined pursuant to Section
2.2(a). The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election
of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of the Shares on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser.
Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available
for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver
to each Purchaser its respective Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants, as applicable to such Purchaser and as indicated on such Purchasers
signature page hereto and determined based on its respective Subscription Amount and election for Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants,
and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction
of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely by electronic transfer
of the Transaction Documents and other items deliverable hereunder. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the
Shares shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Securities registered in the Purchasers names
and addresses, and the Shares shall be released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by
each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable
Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The
Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant, if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser;

Page 6of 32

(iii)
duly executed Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, issued and registered in the name of such Purchaser, as applicable, to such Purchaser;

(iv)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent;

(v)
a good standing certificate or its equivalent of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in each such entitys jurisdiction of
incorporation or formation issued by the relevant competent state or local government authority or registrar of companies or entities
as applicable, dated as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date;

(vi)
a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent;

(vii)
a certificate executed by the Secretary of the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent;

(viii)
Lock-up Agreements, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent, executed by the Company and each officer, director
and greater than five percent (5%) shareholders of the Company;

(ix)
the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;
and

(x)
the Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which
amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement
with the Company or its designees.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
Subject to Section 5.21 below, as applicable, the obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject
to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless
such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to
the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

Page 7of 32

(b)
Subject to Section 5.21 below, as applicable, the respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing
are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless
such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to
the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date of this Agreement and to the Closing Date;

(vi)
from the date of this Agreement to the Closing Date, trading in the shares of Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or
any Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not
have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service,
or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing;

(vii)
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto, has been issued under
the Securities Act; and

(viii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed under the Placement Agency Agreement at or prior to
the Closing Date shall have been performed.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such
date):

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the Registration Statement. The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

Page 8of 32

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and, if applicable under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries has all necessary authorizations, approvals,
orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date
of this Agreement to conduct its business purpose in all material respects as described in the Registration Statement and SEC Reports
and to own or lease its properties. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its
respective certificate or articles of incorporation or association, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the
Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a
material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the
results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations
under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect); provided that a change
in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed, in and of itself, to constitute a Material Adverse
Effect. No Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors, or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation or association, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of
the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar
adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or
other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required
Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction
of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and
regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses
(ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the SEC of the Prospectus, (iii) application(s) to each applicable
Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and the Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and
(iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

Page 9of 32

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration; Use of Form S-3. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens
imposed by the Company. The Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their
terms. The Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants against payment therefor
as provided therein, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company
has reserved from its duly authorized capital the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the
Warrants (without taking into account any limitations on the exercise of the Warrants set forth therein).

The
Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, and such amendments
and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities
Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of
the Registration Statement or Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or,
to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The issuance by the Company of the Securities has been registered
under the Securities Act, the Securities are being issued pursuant to the Registration Statement and all of the Securities are freely
transferable and freely tradable by each of the Purchasers without restriction. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations
of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at time the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date,
conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company meets all of the requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act
for the offering and sale of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the SEC has not notified
the Company of any objection to the use of the form of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 401(g)(1) under the Securities Act.
The Registration Statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act. The Company has not been and
is not currently an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act).

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) which Schedule 3.1(g)
shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date
hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock or Common Stock Equivalents since its most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or vesting and settlement of restricted stock units under
the Companys stock option or equity incentive plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to any employee
stock purchase plans, and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase
and sale of the Securities and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The
issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts, and the issuance and sale of the Securities will not result in a right of any holder of Company
securities or instruments to adjust, the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities or instruments upon
an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation
of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval
or authorization of any shareholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There
are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which
the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

Page 10of 32

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof and the
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282297), for the one (1) year preceding the date of this Agreement (or such shorter
period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC
Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior
to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i)
under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes
thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material
respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.
The selected financial data set forth under the caption Selected Financial Data in the SEC Reports fairly present, on the
basis stated in such SEC Reports, the information included therein. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement
and the SEC Reports conform in all material aspects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus or the SEC Reports or to be filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described
or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or
may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys
business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally,
(y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and
(z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been
assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder
and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both,
would constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such
agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree
of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including,
without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

Page 11of 32

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the SEC, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option or equity incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the SEC any request for confidential
treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Schedule 3.1(i),
no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist
with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made
or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. There is no Proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any
Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability
of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
subject of any Proceeding involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach
of fiduciary duty, which could result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is
not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.
The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company
or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. (1) No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. (2) No executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, to the knowledge of
the Company, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure
or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in
favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. (3) To the Companys knowledge, (a) no allegation of sexual harassment,
sexual misconduct or discrimination, whether such discrimination arises from race, ethnic background, sex, gender status, age or otherwise
(Misconduct) have been made involving any current or former director, officer, employee or independent contractor
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have entered into any settlement agreements
related to allegations of Misconduct by any current or former director, officer, employee, or independent contractor of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. (4) The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except
where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

Page 12of 32

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) and comparable foreign regulators, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state unfair
trade practice laws and rules and foreign equivalents, taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

(m)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of Proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit. The disclosures in the Registration Statement concerning the effects of federal, state, local and
all foreign regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects. The Company is
and has been in material compliance with any term of any such Material Permits, except for any violations which would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received notice of any Proceeding from any governmental authority
or third party alleging that any product, operation or activity is in violation of any applicable laws or regulations or Material Permits
or has any knowledge that any such entity or third party is considering any such Proceeding, nor, to the Companys knowledge, has
there been any material noncompliance with or violation of any applicable laws or regulations by the Company that could reasonably be
expected to require the issuance of any such communication or result in an investigation, corrective action, or enforcement action by
any governmental authority.

(n)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all
material respects.

Page 13of 32

(o)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim
or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could
not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property
Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company
and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual
properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(p)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(q)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(q), none of the executive officers or directors
of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, executive officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to
or from any executive officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any executive officer,
director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, shareholder, member or partner, in , in
each case in excess of 1% of the Companys average total assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 other than for: (i) payment of
salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee
benefits, including equity award or option agreements under any equity incentive plan of the Company.

(r)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date of this Agreement and applicable to the Company and
the Subsidiaries, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder that are effective as of the date
of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and applicable to the Company and the Subsidiaries. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls
and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the Companys most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Page 14of 32

(s)
Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or
other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Other than for Persons directly engaged by a
Purchaser, if any, the Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf
of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.

(t)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(u)
Registration Rights. Other than the selling stockholders listed in the resale prospectus of the Registration Statement, no Person
has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company
or any Subsidiary.

(v)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange
Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the shares of Common Stock are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with
the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(w)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the
Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result
of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(x)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding
the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by
the Company during the 12 months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

Page 15of 32

(y)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this Offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(z)
Solvency. Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, based on the consolidated financial condition of
the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities
hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect
of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys
assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including
its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and
projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds
the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would
be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not
intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable
on or in respect of its debt). Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one (1) year from the Closing Date. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus sets forth as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, respectively, all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) (other than trade accounts
payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of
indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the
notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary
course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(aa)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and franchise taxes and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which
it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined
to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment
of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any
Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(bb)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. The Company
has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all
material respects with the FCPA.

Page 16of 32

(cc)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange
Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(dd)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ee)
Acknowledgement Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
shares of Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length
counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers
may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing shareholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

(ff)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf (other than the Placement Agent,
as to which no representation is made) has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid
for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person
any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(gg)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

Page 17of 32

(hh)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(ii)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(jj)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable United States federal and state and foreign money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws), and no Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or
any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(kk)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(ll)
Food and Drug Regulations. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, and the regulations thereunder (the FDCA) and similar or comparable governmental authorities located in other
countries and laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application
approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising,
record keeping and filing of reports, including, without limitation in foreign jurisdictions including Health Canada (collectively, Food
and Drug Regulations), that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Product), such Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled,
tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under applicable Food and Drug
Regulations, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
or as is disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus,
there is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, Proceeding against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication arising from or relating
to Food and Drug Regulations, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution
of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Product, (ii) withdraws its
approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional
materials relating to, any Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree
of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including Food and Drug Regulations), and which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company
have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable Food and Drug Regulations. The Company has
not been informed by the FDA or any other governmental authority that such governmental authority will prohibit the marketing, sale,
license or use in the United States or in another jurisdiction of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company.

Page 18of 32

(mm)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options or awards prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options
or awards with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial
results or prospects.

(nn)
Cybersecurity. There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems
and Data) that would reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and
(i) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any material security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and
disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(oo)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in material compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including,
without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy
Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to
ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice
of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and
(iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its
subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy
Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph,
social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally
identifying information under the FTC, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece
of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of
any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained
in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery
and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the
Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or
the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently
conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request
or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

Page 19of 32

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein,
in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7) or (a)(8), (a)(9), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto), and the SEC Reports including the Prospectus and, has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask
such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions
of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company
and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate
its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable
effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information
or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any
Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate
may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection
with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial
advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

Page 20of 32

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g)
Ownership of Company Securities. Except as disclosed in writing to the Company as of the date of this Agreement, no Purchaser,
any of its Affiliates, or any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Purchasers
for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including any group
of which the Purchaser is a member, directly or indirectly owns, beneficially or otherwise (including solely with respect to an economic
interest), any of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or any other shares of capital stock, options, warrants, derivative securities,
rights or any other securities (including any securities convertible into, exchangeable for or that represent the right to receive securities)
of the Company.

(h)
[Reserved.]

(i)
Sanctioned Persons; BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement),
a Sanctioned Person. Purchaser is not an institution that accepts currency for deposit and that (i) has no physical presence in the jurisdiction
in which it is incorporated or in which it is operating and (ii) is unaffiliated with a regulated financial group that is subject to
consolidated supervision (a Shell Bank) or providing banking services to a Shell Bank. Purchaser represents that
if it is a financial institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act
of 2001 and its implementing regulations (collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that Purchaser maintains policies
and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser also represents that, to
the extent required by applicable law, it maintains, either directly or through the use of a third-party administrator, policies, and
procedures reasonably designed for the screening of any investors in the Purchaser against Sanctions-related lists of blocked or restricted
persons. Purchaser further represents and warrants that (A) the funds held by Purchaser and used to purchase the Securities were not
directly or indirectly derived from or related to any activities that may contravene U.S. federal, state, or non-U.S. anti-money laundering,
anti-corruption, or Sanctions laws and regulations or activities that may otherwise be deemed criminal and (B) any returns from the Purchasers
investment will not be used to finance any illegal activities. For purposes of this Agreement, Sanctioned Person
means at any time any person or entity with whom dealings are restricted, prohibited, or sanctionable under any Sanctions (as defined
below), including as a result of being: (I) listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated or blocked or restricted persons; (II)
that is a national of, the government of, or any agency or instrumentality of the government of, or resident in, or organized under the
laws of, a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive Sanctions from time to time (as of the date of this Agreement, Cuba,
Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region); or (III) a relationship of ownership, control, or agency with any of the foregoing.
Sanctions means those trade, economic and financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, and restrictive measures
(in each case having the force of law) administered, enacted, or enforced from time to time by (1) the United States (including without
limitation the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department
of Commerce), (2) the European Union and enforced by its member states, (3) the United Nations, and (4) the United Kingdom.

Page 21of 32

(j)
Non-cooperative Jurisdiction. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement),
a person or entity resident in, or whose funds used to purchase the Securities are transferred from or through, a country, territory,
or entity that (i) has been designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering or counter terrorist financing principles
or procedures by the United States or by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force, of which
the United States is a member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury; or (iii) has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting
special measures due to money laundering concerns (any such country or territory, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction),
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction.

(k)
ERISA. If Purchaser is an employee benefit plan that is subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended (ERISA), a plan, an individual retirement account or other arrangement that is subject to section 4975
of the Code or an employee benefit plan that is a governmental plan (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), a church plan (as defined
in section 3(33) of ERISA), a non-U.S. plan (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), or other plan that is not subject to the foregoing
but may be subject to provisions under any other federal, state, local, non-U.S., or other laws or regulations that are similar to such
provisions of ERISA or the Code, or an entity whose underlying assets are considered to include plan assets of any such
plan, account or arrangement subject to the fiduciary or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, Purchaser
represents and warrants that the acquisition and holding of the Securities will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of the Warrants are exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement
to cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrants are exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued
pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement
(or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise
available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that
such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is
effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not
limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal
and state securities laws). The Company shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement)
registering the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

Page 22of 32

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired,
the Company covenants to use its reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions
in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act except
in the event that the Company consummates: (A) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together
with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control
of the Company; (B) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving
entity; or (C) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without
limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective
upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and
each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with
respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is
required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the SEC or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser,
except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the SEC and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any
material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that
such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall
remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K or shall issue a press release containing such material non-public information. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Page 23of 32

4.7
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for the purposes set forth in
the Prospectus, and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment
of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (i) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the Registration Statement or Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged
untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating to a Purchaser Party furnished in writing by or on
behalf of such Purchaser Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement or Prospectus), or (iii) any Proceeding instituted against
the Purchaser Parties in any capacity (including a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or any of them or their respective
Affiliates, by the Company or any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, arising out of or relating
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. For avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provided herein is
intended to and shall also cover, direct claims brought by the Company against the Purchaser Parties; provided, however, that such indemnification
shall not cover any loss, claim, damage or liability to the extent it is finally judicially determined to be attributable to any Purchaser
Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in any Transaction
Document or any conduct by a Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful
misconduct. If any Proceeding shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this
Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, except with respect to direct claims brought by the
Company, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the
Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the
employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period
of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such Proceeding there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the
applicable Purchaser Party (which may be internal counsel), a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more
than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement for any settlement by a Purchaser
Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In addition, if
any Purchaser Party takes actions to collect amounts due under any Transaction Documents or to enforce the provisions of any Transaction
Documents, then the Company shall pay the cost incurred by such Purchaser Party for such collection, enforcement or action, including,
but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements. The indemnification and other payment obligations required by this Section
4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation, defense, collection, enforcement
or action, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially determined not
to be entitled to indemnification or payment under this Section 4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the Company for any
payments that are advanced under this sentence. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action
or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

Page 24of 32

4.9
Reservation of Shares of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue
to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose
of enabling the Company to issue the Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10
Listing of Shares. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the
Shares and Warrant Shares on each Trading Market on which any shares of Common Stock are currently listed, and concurrently with the
Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Markets and promptly secure the
listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Markets. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the
shares of Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares,
and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading
Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its
shares of Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other
obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment
of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.10 shall not apply in the event that the Company consummates: (i)
any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding
securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (ii) a merger or reorganization
of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company. 

4.11
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into
any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (ii) file any
registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than with respect to the Registration Statement or a registration statement
on Form S-8, except for the Securities issued pursuant hereto or otherwise in connection with the Offering.

(b)
From the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an
agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock split or stock dividend or similar
event) or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the
market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity
line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement
have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that commencing thirty
(30) days after the Closing Date, the Companys issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to an at-the-market
facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. The Purchaser shall be entitled to
obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect
damages.

Page 25of 32

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate
Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate
acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the
Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by
the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the
existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that
it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be
restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws
from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press
release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities
of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agent,
including, without limitation, the Placement Agent after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this
Agreement.

4.14
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants sets forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.15
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except
to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its reasonable efforts
to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

Page 26of 32

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party hereto to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York, NY time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York, NY time) on any Trading Day, (iii)
the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon
actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as
set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or by issuing a press release containing such material non-public information.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on
the Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party
against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers)
shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

Page 27of 32

5.8
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be a third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the
Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof
be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
If any party shall commence an Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations
of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for
the applicable statute of limitations.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of an Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently (if such shares were delivered to the applicable Purchaser) with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate
exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant
to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

Page 28of 32

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Proceeding for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

Page 29of 32

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward share splits, share dividends, share combinations and other similar events with respect to the shares of Common Stock and
Warrants that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21
Sales During Pre-Settlement Period. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution
of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to a Closing (the Pre-Settlement
Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at
the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any
additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall
be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall
not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of
such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not
constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall
sell any Shares to any Person and that any such decision to sell any Shares by such Purchaser shall be made, in the sole discretion of
such Purchaser, at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any.

5.22
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

Page 30of 32

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

GLUCOTRACK,
INC. Address
for Notice:

301
Rte. 17 North, Ste. 800,

Rutherford,
NJ 07070

By: 

Name: Paul
Goode E-Mail:
pvgoode@glucotrack.com

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

David
Mannheim, Esq.

Nelson
Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP

301
Hillsborough Street, Suite 1400

Raleigh,
NC 27603

E-Mail:
david.mannheim@nelsonmullins.com

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO Glucotrack, inc. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Facsimile
Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser (and delivery of Warrants):

Address
for Delivery of Applicable Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
(if applicable) _________________

Pre-Funded
Warrants: (if applicable)

EIN
Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

Dawson
James Securities, Inc.

1
North Federal Highway

Boca
Raton, Florida 33432

February
4, 2025

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
letter (this Agreement) constitutes the agreement between Glucotrack, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and Dawson James Securities, Inc. (Dawson) pursuant to which Dawson shall serve as the placement agent (the Placement
Agent) (the Services), for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection
with the proposed offer and placement (the Offering) by the Company of its Securities (as defined Section 3 of this
Agreement). The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that Dawsons obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts
basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by Dawson to purchase the Securities and does not
ensure the successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success of Dawson placing the Securities.

1. Appointment
of Dawson James Securities, Inc. as Exclusive Placement Agent. 

On
the basis of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby appoints the Placement Agent as its exclusive placement agent in connection with
a distribution of its Securities to be offered and sold by the Company pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282297), and Dawson agrees to act as the
Companys exclusive Placement Agent. Pursuant to this appointment, the Placement Agent will solicit offers for the purchase of
or attempt to place all or part of the Securities of the Company in the proposed Offering. Until the final closing or earlier upon termination
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, solicit
or accept offers to purchase the Securities other than through the Placement Agent. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent
will act as an agent of the Company and use its reasonable best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the Securities from
the Company on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in the Prospectus (as defined below). The Placement Agent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in obtaining performance by each Purchaser whose offer to purchase Securities has
been solicited by the Placement Agent, but the Placement Agent shall not, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, be obligated
to disclose the identity of any potential purchaser or have any liability to the Company in the event any such purchase is not consummated
for any reason. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent be obligated to underwrite or purchase any Securities for its own account
and, in soliciting purchases of the Securities, the Placement Agent shall act solely as an agent of the Company. The Services provided
pursuant to this Agreement shall be on an agency basis and not on a principal basis.

The
Placement Agent will solicit offers for the purchase of the Securities in the Offering at such times and in such amounts as the Placement
Agent deems advisable. The Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any such offer, in
whole or in part. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents on its behalf in connection with the Offering
and may pay any sub-agent a solicitation fee with respect to any Securities placed by it. The Company and Placement Agent shall negotiate
the timing and terms of the Offering and acknowledge that the Offering and the provision of Placement Agent services related to the Offering
are subject to market conditions and the receipt of all required related clearances and approvals.

2. Fees;
Expenses; Other Arrangements.

A.
Placement Agents Fee. As compensation for services rendered, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent in cash by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated by the Placement Agent an amount (the Placement
Fee) equal to eight percent (8.0%) of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities
at the closing (the Closing and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date). The
Placement Agent may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the Placement Fee set forth
herein to be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent.

1

B.
Offering Expenses. The Company will be responsible for and will pay all expenses relating to the Offering, including, without
limitation, (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration of the Securities with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public
Offering filing fees; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Companys common stock on the national stock exchange
on which it is listed; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Securities under
the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as Dawson may reasonably designate (including, without
limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of blue sky counsel, which will
be Dawsons counsel it being agreed that such fees and expenses of such counsel for such blue sky work will be $10,000);
(e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of the Securities under the securities
laws of such foreign jurisdictions as Dawson may reasonably designate; (f) the costs of all mailing and printing of the Offering documents;
(g) transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of Securities from the Company to the Investors; and (h) the fees
and expenses of the Companys accountants; and (i) road show expenses, diligence expenses and legal fees of Dawsons
counsel not to exceed in the aggregate $100,000. The Placement Agent may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the
Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent, provided, however, that in
the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent to the extent required by Section 5 hereof.

3. Description
of the Offering. 

The
Securities to be offered directly to various investors (each, an Investor or Purchaser and,
collectively, the Investors or the Purchasers) in the Offering shall consist of shares of the
Companys common stock (Common Stock or Shares) or pre-funded warrants (in lieu of Shares),
each to to purchase one Share (Pre-Funded Warrants and, together with the Shares, the Securities).
The purchase price for one Share shall be $1.15 and the purchase price for one Pre-Funded Warrant in lieu of a Share shall be $1.149
(each, the Purchase Price). If the Company shall default in its obligations to deliver Securities to a Purchaser
whose offer it has accepted and who has tendered payment, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Placement Agent harmless against any
loss, claim, damage or expense arising from or as a result of such default by the Company under this Agreement.

4. Delivery
and Payment; Closing.

Settlement
of the Securities purchased by an Investor shall be made by 5:00 p.m. on the Closing Date by wire transfer from the Placement Agent in
federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company after electronic delivery of the Shares via the DWAC system (or such other
method agreed to by the parties) in accordance with the Placement Agents instructions as requested in writing prior to the Closing
Date. The term Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking
institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

The
Closing shall occur at such place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company. In the absence of an agreement to the
contrary, each Closing shall take place at the offices of ArentFox Schiff LLP, 1717 K Street NW, Washington, DC 20006. Deliveries of
the documents with respect to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at the offices of ArentFox Schiff LLP, 1717 K Street
NW, Washington, DC 20006 on the Closing Date. All actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

5. Term
and Termination of Agreement. 

The
term of this Agreement will commence upon the execution of this Agreement and will terminate at the earlier of the Closing of the Offering
or 11:59 p.m. (New York Time) on the fifth Business Day after the date hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
any provision in this Agreement concerning or relating to confidentiality, indemnification, contribution, advancement, the Companys
representations and warranties and the Companys obligations to pay fees and reimburse expenses will survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement. If any condition specified in Section 8 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement
may be terminated by the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall
be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that those portions of this Agreement specified in Section 19
shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the
event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof
pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Placement Agent the expenses provided for in Section 2.B.
above and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Placement Agent.

2

6. Permitted
Acts.

Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent, its officers, directors, employees, agents, associated
persons and any individual or entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the
Placement Agent (as those terms are defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) to conduct its business including without limitation
the ability to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship
with any individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

7. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company.

As
of the date and time of the execution of this Agreement, the Closing Date and the Initial Sale Time (as defined herein), the Company
represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement Agent, other than as disclosed in any of its filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission), that:

A.
Registration Matters.

i. The
Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282297)
including a related prospectus, for the registration of certain securities (the Shelf
Securities), including the Shares, under the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder (the Securities Act Regulations). The registration
statement has been declared effective under the Securities Act by the Commission. The Registration
Statement, as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any
post-effective amendments thereto to such time, including the exhibits and any schedules
thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference
therein at such time pursuant to Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise
deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A (Rule 430A)
or Rule 430B under the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 430B); provided,
however, that the Registration Statement without reference to a time means
such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the
time of the first contract of sale for the Securities, which time shall be considered the
new effective date of such registration statement with respect to the Securities
within the meaning of paragraph (f)(2) of Rule 430B, including the exhibits and schedules
thereto as of such time, the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein
at such time pursuant to Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed
to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A or Rule 430B. Any registration
statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations is hereinafter
called the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, and after such filing the term
Registration Statement shall include the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.
The prospectus covering the Shelf Securities in the form first used to confirm sales of the
Shares (or in the form first made available to the Placement Agent by the Company to meet
requests of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) is hereinafter referred
to as the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus, as supplemented by the
prospectus supplement specifically related to the Shares in the form first used to confirm
sales of the Shares (or in the form first made available to the Placement Agent by the Company
to meet requests of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act), is hereinafter
referred to, collectively, as the Prospectus, and the term Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary form of the Prospectus, including any preliminary
prospectus supplement specifically related to the Securities filed with the Commission by
the Company with the consent of the Placement Agent.

3

ii. All
references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information
which is contained, included or stated (or other
references of like import) in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus shall be deemed to include all such financial statements and schedules and other
information incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the execution
and delivery of this Agreement; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed
to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Exchange
Act Regulations), incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be,
at or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

iii. The
term Disclosure Package means (i) the Preliminary Prospectus, as most
recently amended or supplemented immediately prior to the Initial Sale Time (as defined herein),
and (ii) the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses (as defined below), if any, identified in Schedule
I hereto. For purposes of clarity, the Company is not eligible to use a Free Writing Prospectus.

iv. The
term Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus,
as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations. The term Free Writing
Prospectus means any free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act Regulations.

v. Any
Preliminary Prospectus when filed with the Commission, and the Registration Statement as
of each effective date and as of the date hereof, complied or will comply, and the Prospectus
and any further amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus will, when they become effective or are filed with the Commission,
as the case may be, comply, in all material respects, with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations; and the documents incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus complied, and any further
documents so incorporated will comply, when filed with the Commission, in all material respects
to the requirements of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations.

vi. The
issuance by the Company of the Securities has been registered under the Securities Act. The
Securities will be issued pursuant to the Registration Statement and each of the Securities
will be freely transferable and freely tradable by each of the Investors without restriction,
unless otherwise restricted by applicable law or regulation. The Company is eligible to use
Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect
to the aggregate market value of the Shares being sold pursuant to this offering and during
the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6
of Form S-3.

B.
Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock is approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange)
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the shares of Common Stock from the Exchange,
nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing.

C.
No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied
with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

4

D.
Subsidiaries. The Companys subsidiaries have been duly incorporated and are validly existing as entities in good standing
under the laws of jurisdictions of their respective organization, with power and authority to own, lease and operate their respective
properties and conduct their respective businesses as described in the Preliminary Prospectus, and have been duly qualified as foreign
corporations for the transaction of business and are in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdictions in which they own or
lease properties or conduct any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure so to qualify or be in good standing
would not have a Material Adverse Change (as defined below); all of the issued and outstanding capital stock (or other ownership interests)
of such subsidiaries has been duly and validly authorized and issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned, directly and indirectly,
by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity. Unless otherwise set forth,
all references in this Section 7 to the Company shall include references to all such subsidiaries.

E.
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

i. Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation. 

(a)
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
at the time each was or will be filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of
the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Placement Agent for use in connection
with this Offering and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission
pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(b)
None of the Registration Statement, any amendment thereto, or the Preliminary Prospectus, as of the date hereof (the Initial
Sale Time), and at the Closing Date, contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted,
omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;
provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Placement Agent by the Placement Agent expressly
for use in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information
provided by or on behalf of any Placement Agent consists solely of the following disclosure contained in the following paragraphs in
the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus: (i) the name of the Placement Agent, and (ii) the information under
the subsection Fees and Expenses (the Placement Agents Information).

(c)
The Disclosure Package, as of the Initial Sale Time and at the Closing Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus does not conflict with the information contained
in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented
by and taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus as of the Initial Sale Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements
omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Placement Agent by the
Placement Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of any Placement Agent consists
solely of the Placement Agents Information; and

(d)
Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto, as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 424(b), or at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or
will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Placement Agents Information.

5

ii. Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions
thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the
Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits
to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or
other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or
by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and (ii) is material to the Companys
business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force
and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys
knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.
None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the
Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and,
to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder, except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. To the Companys
knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments
will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment,
order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity),
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

iii. Prior
Securities Transactions. For the past three completed fiscal years through the date hereof,
no securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled
by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus or, with respect to parties other than
the Company, other filings by such other persons with the Commission.

iv. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Offering
and the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects
and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

v. Changes
After Dates in Registration Statement.

(a)
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial
position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a
material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects
of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company,
other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position
with the Company.

6

(b)
Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities (other than (a) grants under any
stock compensation plan and (b) shares of common stock issued upon exercise or conversion of option, warrants or convertible securities
described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus) or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or
contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital
stock.

F.
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, Fahn Kanne & Co. Grant Thornton Israel, during such time as it was
engaged by the Company (the Auditors), has been an independent registered public accounting firm as required by
the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. During such time period in which
the Auditors served as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm the Auditors did not or have not, during the
periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided
to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

G.
SEC Reports; Financial Statements, etc. The Company has complied in all material respects with requirements to file all reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect
thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise
specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes
required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries
as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate. The financial statements, including
the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly
present in all material respects the financial position and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods
to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, consistently applied throughout the periods
involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be
material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical
or pro forma financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related
notes, if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared
in all material respects in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and
present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable
and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures
contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures
(as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item
10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and
other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on
the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital
resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, (a) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any
material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made any
distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company (other
than (i) grants under any stock compensation plan and (ii) shares of common stock issued upon exercise or conversion of option, warrants
or convertible securities described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), and (d) there has not
been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt.

7

H.
Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted
stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Initial Sale Time, on the Closing Date, there will be no stock options, warrants,
or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company or any security convertible
or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or
any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

I.
Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

i.
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights
of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive
rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized shares of Common
Stock, Company preferred stock and other outstanding securities conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws
or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

ii.
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and
paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders; the Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security
of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization,
issuance and sale of the Securities has been duly and validly taken; the Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants has been duly
authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and when paid for, if applicable, and
issued in accordance with the the Pre-Funded Warrants, such Common Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders
thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and such shares of Common Stock are not
and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company. The Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

J.
Registration Rights of Third Parties. No existing holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible
or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under
the Securities Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

8

K.
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants each has been duly and validly authorized
by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought.

L.
No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, and all
ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company
with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result
in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in the
creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant
to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter) or the by-laws
of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Bylaws); or (iii) violate any existing
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof.

M.
Reserved. 

N.
No Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of
any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not (i) in violation of
any term or provision of its Charter or Bylaws, or (ii) in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company.

O.
Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

i.
Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental
regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

ii.
The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof,
and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization
or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of
the Securities and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the consummation of the transactions and agreements
contemplated by this Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except with
respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (FINRA).

P.
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no material action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation
or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus or in connection with the Companys listing application for the additional listing of the Common Stock (including the
Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants) on the Exchange.

9

Q.
Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction
in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify,
singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

R.
Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with, to the Companys knowledge, reputable
insurers, and in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are reasonably adequate, and all such insurance is in
full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct
its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

S.
Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

i.
Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no
claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee
by the Company or any executive officer or director of the Company (each, an Insider) with respect to the sale of
the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of its stockholders that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as determined by FINRA.

ii.
Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee,
consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who
raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the date hereof, other than (A) the payment to the Placement
Agent as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering, and (B) other payments to the Placement Agent under other engagement letters.

iii.
Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its
affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

iv.
FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial owner
of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial owner of the Companys
unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement
that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules
and regulations of FINRA).

v.
Information. To the Companys knowledge, all information provided by the Companys officers and directors in their
FINRA Questionnaires to counsel to the Placement Agent specifically for use by counsel to the Placement Agent in connection with its
Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

T.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give
any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer,
supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any Governmental Entity or any political party or candidate
for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or
assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil,
criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if
not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company. The Company has taken
reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material
respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

10

U.
Compliance with OFAC. Neither of the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or
affiliate of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), and the Company will not,
directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to
any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently
subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

V.
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering
statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and no action,
suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

W.
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Placement
Agent Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters covered thereby.

X.
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other
person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described
as required.

Y.
Board of Directors. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board comply
with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation
S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify
as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

Z.
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

i.
The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act Regulations applicable to it, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information
concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys
Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

ii.
The Company is, or at the Initial Sale Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future
compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

11

AA.
Accounting Controls. The Company maintains systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under
Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange
Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii)
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware
of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have
been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses, if any, in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud, if any, known to
the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

BB.
No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an
investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

CC.
No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent,
except where such dispute would not be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

DD.
Intellectual Property Rights. To the Companys knowledge, the Company has, or can acquire on reasonable terms, ownership
of and/or license to, or otherwise has the right to use, all inventions, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), patents and patent rights trademarks, service marks and
trade names, copyrights, (collectively Intellectual Property) material to carrying on its business as described
in the Prospectus. The Company has not received any correspondence relating to (A) infringement or misappropriation of, or conflict with,
any Intellectual Property of a third party; (B) asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual Property of the Company; or
(C) assertions that any Intellectual Property of the Company is invalid or otherwise inadequate to protect the interest of the Company,
that in each case (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding), individually or in the aggregate, would have or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. There are no third parties who have been able to establish any material rights
to any Intellectual Property, except for the retained rights of the owners or licensors of any Intellectual Property that is licensed
to the Company. There is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A)
challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property of the Company or (B) challenging the Companys
rights in or to any Intellectual Property or (C) that the Company materially infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates or conflicts
with any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of others. The Company has complied in all material respects with the terms
of each agreement described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or Prospectus pursuant to which any Intellectual Property
is licensed to the Company, and all such agreements related to products currently made or sold by the Company, or to product candidates
currently under development, are in full force and effect. All patents issued in the name of, or assigned to, the Company, and all patent
applications made by or on behalf of the Company (collectively, the Company Patents) have been duly and properly
filed. The Company is not aware of any material information that was required to be disclosed to the United States Patent and Trademark
Office (the PTO) but that was not disclosed to the PTO with respect to any issued Company Patent, or that is required
to be disclosed and has not yet been disclosed in any pending application in the Company Patents and that would preclude the grant of
a patent on such application. To the Companys knowledge, the Company is the sole owner of the Company Patents.

EE.
Taxes. The Company has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date
hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown
as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company, except for such exceptions
as could not be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change. The provisions for taxes payable, if any,
shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes,
whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed
in writing to the Placement Agent, (i) no issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with
any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns
or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local,
foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service,
service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties
or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or
additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other
documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

12

FF.
Employee Benefit Laws. To the extent applicable, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted
at all times in material compliance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder
and any applicable related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively,
the Employee Benefit Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to the Employee Benefit Laws is pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened.

GG.
Compliance with Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all Applicable Laws, except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any correspondence from
any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any Authorizations; (C) possesses all material
Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and the Company is not in material violation of any term
of any such Authorizations, in each case except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Change; (D) has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration
or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable
Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation,
arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received written notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is
taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted
all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required
by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented
by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated,
conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, dear doctor letter,
or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation
and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

HH.
Preclinical Tests, Clinical Tests and Regulatory Compliance. The preclinical tests and clinical trials, and other studies (collectively,
Studies) that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
were and, if still pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls designed
and approved for such Studies; each description of the results of such Studies is accurate in all material respects and fairly presents
the data derived from such Studies, and the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which
are inconsistent with the results described or referred to in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; the Company and its subsidiaries
have made all such filings and obtained all such clearances, approvals or exemptions as are required by the Food and Drug Administration
of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (FDA) or any committee thereof or from any other U.S. or foreign
medical device regulatory agency, or a health care facility Institutional Review Board (collectively, the Regulatory Agencies);
the Company has not committed any act, made any statement or failed to make any statement that would reasonably be expected to provide
a basis for the FDA or any other Regulatory Agencies to invoke its policy with respect to Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material
Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities, or similar policies, set forth in any applicable U.S. or foreign laws; and neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written notice of, or written correspondence from, any Regulatory Agency requiring
the termination, suspension or modification of any clinical trials that are described or referred to in the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus.

13

II.
Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at all times in the last five years have been, in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable Health Care Laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws
means the applicable provisions of the following: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.), the Public
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local
and foreign health care fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)),
the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal false statements law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(a)), 18 U.S.C.
Sections 286 and 287, the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. Section 1395nn), the civil monetary penalties
law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7a), the exclusion law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7), the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320a-7h), and applicable laws governing all government funded or sponsored healthcare programs; (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the
Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.); (iv) European Union Council Directive
93/42/EEC (the Medical Device Directive MDD) and European Union Regulation No. 2017/745 (the Medical Devices Regulation
MDR), in each case as applicable; (v) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation requirements under all applicable
federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; and all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and all other
applicable foreign laws, relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (vi) the regulations promulgated pursuant
to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written
notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any U.S. or foreign
equivalent court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity
is in violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or submitted
all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required
to be filed, maintained or submitted by any Health Care Laws in connection with the development, manufacture and commercialization of
the Companys products, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements
or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent
submission). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements,
consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally,
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective employees, officers, directors, nor, to the knowledge of the
Company, agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical
research or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action
that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

JJ.
Healthcare Care Product Manufacturing Compliance. The manufacture of the Companys and its subsidiaries products
and product candidates by or on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries is being conducted in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable Health Care Laws, including, without limitation, (i) the FDAs current good manufacturing practice regulations
at 21 CFR Part 820, (ii) ISO 13485:2016, MDD, or MDR, in each case to the extent applicable, and, (iii) to the extent applicable, all
the respective counterparts thereof promulgated by Regulatory Agencies in countries outside the United States. Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has had, to the extent applicable to the Companys or its subsidiaries products and product candidates,
any manufacturing site (whether Company-owned, subsidiary-owned or, to the Companys knowledge, that of a third party manufacturer
for the Companys or its subsidiaries product candidates) subject to a Regulatory Agencys (including the FDA or EMA)
shutdown or import or export prohibition, nor received any FDA, EMA or other Regulatory Agencies warning letters, or untitled
letters alleging or asserting material noncompliance with any applicable Health Care Laws, written requests to make material changes
to the Companys or its subsidiaries product candidates, processes or operations, or other similar written correspondence
or notice from the FDA, EMA or other Regulatory Agencies alleging or asserting material noncompliance with any applicable Health Care
Laws, other than those that have been satisfactorily addressed and/or closed with the FDA, EMA or other Regulatory Agencies. To the knowledge
of the Company, neither the FDA, EMA or any other Regulatory Agencies is considering such action.

14

KK.
Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate
or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

LL.
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

MM.
Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be
used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any
of the shares of Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal
Reserve Board.

NN.
Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

OO.
Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the
Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the
Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

PP.
Restriction on Sales of Capital Stock. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that it will not, for
a period of thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), without the prior written consent
of the Placement Agent (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract
to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the
Company; (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital
stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, other
than pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 for employee benefit plans;, whether any such transaction described in clause (i),
(ii) or (iii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise;
or (iv) publicly announce an intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii). The restrictions contained in
this section shall not apply to (i) the issuance by the Company of Common Stock upon the exercise of stock options, warrants or the conversion
of a security, in each case, that is outstanding on the date hereof, or (ii) the grant by the Company of stock options or other stock-based
awards, or the issuance of shares of capital stock of the Company under any stock compensation plan of the Company in effect on the date
hereof. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply to the Companys issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant
to an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent.

QQ.
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company has caused each of its officers and directors to deliver to the Placement Agent an executed Lock-Up
Agreement, in such form as approved by the Placement Agent (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the execution of this
Agreement.

15

8. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. 

The
obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the
Company set forth in Section 7 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made, to the timely
performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following
additional conditions:

A.
Regulatory Matters.

i.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 424 Information. The Registration Statement is effective on the date of this Agreement,
and, on the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has
been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated
by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. All filings with
the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed by the Closing Date, shall have been made within the
applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424.

ii.
FINRA Clearance. On or before the Closing Date of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall have received clearance from FINRA
as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Placement Agent as described in the Registration Statement.

iii.
Listing of Additional Shares. On or before the Closing Date of this Agreement, the Company shall have received clearance from
The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. with respect to the Companys application for the additional listing of the securities sold in the
Offering.

B.
Company Counsel Matters.

i.
On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the favorable opinion of Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP, outside
counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent, substantially in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

C.
Reserved.

D.
Officers Certificates.

i.
Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of
its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each
amendment thereto, as of the Initial Sale Time and through the Closing Date did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and
did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the
Disclosure Package, as of the Initial Sale Time through the Closing Date, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of
the Closing Date, the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date,
did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the filing of the most recent Form 10-Q,
no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus, (iii) to their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date, the representations and warranties
of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions
on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date
of the most recent audited financial statements included in the Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse Change in the financial position
or results of operations of the Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a Material
Adverse Change or a prospective Material Adverse Change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations,
business, assets or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

16

ii.
Secretarys Certificate. As of the Closing Date the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company signed
by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying: (i) that each of the Companys Charter and Bylaws is true
and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors
relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) the good standing of the Company and its
U.S. subsidiaries. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

E.
No Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Change or development involving
a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company
from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus;
(ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any affiliates
of the Company before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued
under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements
which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in
all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

F.
Reserved.

G.
Delivery of Agreements.

(i)
Lock-Up Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Placement Agent executed
copies of the Lock-Up Agreements from each of the Companys officers and directors.

(ii)
Reserved.

H.
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, Placement Agent Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions
as they may require in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions,
herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated
shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel.

9. Indemnification
and Contribution; Procedures.

A.
Indemnification of the Placement Agent. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates
and each person controlling such Placement Agent (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers,
agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity
or person hereafter is referred to as an Indemnified Person) from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments,
assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities), and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person
for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement) (collectively, the Expenses) and agrees to advance payment of such Expenses as they
are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified
Person is a party thereto, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in (i) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
(as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the
approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor presentations
made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication
(in this Section 9, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished
by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission,
any state securities commission or agency, any national securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Placement Agents
information. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection with such
Indemnified Persons enforcement of his or its rights under this Agreement. Each Indemnified Person is an intended third party
beneficiary with the same rights to enforce the indemnification that each Indemnified Person would have if he was a party to this Agreement.

17

B.
Procedure. Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect to
which indemnity may reasonably be expected to be sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company
in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation
or liability which the Company may have on account of this Section 9 or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent (and
only to the extent) that its ability to assume the defense is actually impaired by such failure or delay. The Company shall, if requested
by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such action (including the employment of counsel and reasonably satisfactory to the
Placement Agent). Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed
promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel for the benefit of the Placement Agent and the other Indemnified Persons or (ii) such
Indemnified Person shall have been advised that in the opinion of counsel that there is an actual or potential conflict of interest that
prevents (or makes it imprudent for) the counsel engaged by the Company for the purpose of representing the Indemnified Person, to represent
both such Indemnified Person and any other person represented or proposed to be represented by such counsel, it being understood, however,
that the Company shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (together
with local counsel), representing the Placement Agent and all Indemnified persons who are parties to such action. The Company
shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld).
In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise,
consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person, acceptable to such Indemnified Party, from all
Liabilities arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder and (ii) does not include a
statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. The advancement,
reimbursement, indemnification and contribution obligations of the Company required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the
amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as every Liability and Expense is incurred and is due and payable,
and in such amounts as fully satisfy each and every Liability and Expense as it is incurred (and in no event later than 30 days following
the date of any invoice therefor).

C.
Indemnification of the Company. The Placement Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers
who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act against any and all Liabilities, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements
or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Placement Agents Information. In case any action shall
be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the
Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the
Placement Agent, the Placement Agent shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so
indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the Placement Agent by the provisions of Section 9.B. The Company agrees promptly
to notify the Placement Agent of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors
or any person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, provided, that failure by the Company so
to notify the Placement Agent shall not relieve the Placement Agent from any obligation or liability which the Placement Agent may have
on account of this Section 9.C. or otherwise to the Company, except to the extent the Placement Agent is materially prejudiced as a proximate
result of such failure..

18

D.
Contribution. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction makes a finding that indemnity is unavailable to any indemnified
person, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such indemnified person in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any
other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the
immediately preceding clause is not permitted by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which
such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company
contribute less than the amount necessary to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities
and Expenses in excess of the amount of commissions actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. The relative
fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the one hand or the Placement
Agent on the other and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission. The Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to
this subsection (D) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to above in this subsection (D). For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company, on the
one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same
proportion as: (a) the total value received by the Company in the Offering, whether or not such Offering is consummated, bears to (b)
the commissions paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation.

E.
Limitation. The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract
or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person
pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection
with any such advice, services or transactions, except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction has made a finding that Liabilities
(and related Expenses) of the Company have resulted primarily from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct
in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

F.
Survival. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations set forth in this Section 9 shall remain in full
force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services under or in connection
with, this Agreement. Each Indemnified Person is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 9, and has the right to enforce
the provisions of Section 9 as if he/she/it was a party to this Agreement.

10. Limitation
of Dawsons Liability to the Company. 

Dawson
and the Company further agree that neither Dawson nor any of its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, controlling
persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act), employees or agents shall have any
liability to the Company, its security holders or creditors, or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in the right of the Company
(whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort, for an act of negligence or otherwise) for any losses, fees, damages, liabilities,
costs, expenses or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services rendered hereunder, except for losses,
fees, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses that arise out of or are based on any action of or failure to act by Dawson and that are
finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Dawson.

19

11. Limitation
of Engagement to the Company. 

The
Company acknowledges that Dawson has been retained only by the Company, that Dawson is providing services hereunder as an independent
contractor (and not in any fiduciary or agency capacity) and that the Companys engagement of Dawson is not deemed to be on behalf
of, and is not intended to confer rights upon, any shareholder, owner or partner of the Company or any other person not a party hereto
as against Dawson or any of its affiliates, or any of its or their respective officers, directors, controlling persons (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act), employees or agents. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing
by Dawson, no one other than the Company is authorized to rely upon any statement or conduct of Dawson in connection with this Agreement.
The Company acknowledges that any recommendation or advice, written or oral, given by Dawson to the Company in connection with Dawsons
engagement is intended solely for the benefit and use of the Companys management and directors in considering a possible Offering,
and any such recommendation or advice is not on behalf of, and shall not confer any rights or remedies upon, any other person or be used
or relied upon for any other purpose. Dawson shall not have the authority to make any commitment binding on the Company. The Company,
in its sole discretion, shall have the right to reject any investor introduced to it by Dawson. If any purchase agreement and/or related
transaction documents are entered into between the Company and the investors in the Offering, Dawson will be entitled to rely on the
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants of the Company contained in any such purchase agreement and related transaction
documents as if such representations, warranties, agreements and covenants were made directly to Dawson by the Company.

12. Amendments
and Waivers. 

No
supplement, modification or waiver of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party to be bound thereby. The
failure of a party to exercise any right or remedy shall not be deemed or constitute a waiver of such right or remedy in the future.
No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof (regardless
of whether similar), nor shall any such waiver be deemed or constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.

13. Confidentiality.

In
the event of the consummation or public announcement of any Offering, Dawson shall have the right to disclose its participation in such
Offering, including, without limitation, the placement at its cost of tombstone advertisements in financial and other newspapers
and journals. Dawson agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to Dawson by the Company for any
purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

14. Headings.

The
headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and will not be deemed to be
part of this Agreement.

15. Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and, if executed in more than one counterpart, the executed counterparts shall
each be deemed to be an original and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

16. Severability.

In
case any provision contained in this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

20

17. Use
of Information. 

The
Company will furnish Dawson such written information as Dawson reasonably requests in connection with the performance of its services
hereunder. The Company understands, acknowledges and agrees that, in performing its services hereunder, Dawson will use and rely entirely
upon such information as well as publicly available information regarding the Company and other potential parties to an Offering and
that Dawson does not assume responsibility for independent verification of the accuracy or completeness of any information, whether publicly
available or otherwise furnished to it, concerning the Company or otherwise relevant to an Offering, including, without limitation, any
financial information, forecasts or projections considered by Dawson in connection with the provision of its services.

18. Absence
of Fiduciary Relationship. 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Placement Agent has been retained solely to act as Placement Agent in connection with the
sale of the Securities and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company and the Placement Agent has been created
in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Placement Agent has advised or is advising
the Company on other matters; (b) the Purchase Price and other terms of the Securities set forth in this Agreement were established by
the Company following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Placement Agent and the Company is capable of evaluating and
understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (c) it
has been advised that the Placement Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests
that differ from those of the Company and that the Placement Agent has no obligation to disclose such interest and transactions to the
Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and (d) it has been advised that the Placement Agent is acting,
in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, solely for the benefit of the Placement Agent, and not on behalf of the
Company and that the Placement Agents may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the full extent
permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection
with the Offering.

19. Survival
Of Indemnities, Representations, Warranties, Etc. 

The
respective indemnities, covenants, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company and Placement Agent, as
set forth in this Agreement or made by them respectively, pursuant to this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect, regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent, the Company, the Purchasers or any person controlling any of them and
shall survive delivery of and payment for the Securities. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, including without limitation
any termination pursuant to Section 5, the payment, reimbursement, indemnity, contribution and advancement agreements contained in Sections
2, 9, 10, and 11, respectively, and the Companys covenants, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement shall
not terminate and shall remain in full force and effect at all times. The indemnity and contribution provisions contained in Section
9 and the covenants, warranties and representations of the Company contained in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force
and effect regardless of (i) any termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Placement Agent, any
person who controls any Placement Agent within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act
or any affiliate of any Placement Agent, or by or on behalf of the Company, its directors or officers or any person who controls the
Company within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and (iii) the issuance and delivery
of the Securities.

20. Governing
Law. 

This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to
be fully performed therein. Any disputes that arise under this Agreement, even after the termination of this Agreement, will be heard
only in the state or federal courts located in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly agree to submit
themselves to the jurisdiction of the foregoing courts in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly waive
any rights they may have to contest the jurisdiction, venue or authority of any court sitting in the City and State of New York.

21

21. Notices.

All
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed or hand delivered and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Company:

Glucotrack,
Inc.

30
Rte. 17 North, Ste. 800

Rutherford,
NJ 07070

Attention:
Chief Executive Officer

If
to the Placement Agent:

Dawson
James Securities, Inc.

101
North Federal Highway, Suite 600

Boca
Raton, FL 33432

Attention:
Chief Executive Officer

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

22. Miscellaneous.

This
Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by Dawson and the Company. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement of Dawson and the Company, and supersedes any prior agreements, with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any provision
of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any
other respect, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
(including facsimile or .pdf counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.

23. Successors.

This
Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and directors
and controlling persons referred to in Section 9 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative, and, except
as set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement, no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

24. Partial
Unenforceability. 

The
invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined
to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to
make it valid and enforceable.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW]

22

In
acknowledgment that the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding reached by Dawson and the Company, and intending to be legally
bound, please sign in the space provided below, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding Agreement as of the date executed.

Very
truly yours, 

GLUCOTRACK,
INC. 

By: /s/
Paul Goode 

Name: Paul Goode 

Title: CEO 

Confirmed
as of the date first written above: 

DAWSON
JAMES SECURITIES, INC. 

By: /s/ Robert D. Keyser, Jr. 

Name: Robert D. Keyser Jr. 

Title: CEO 

SCHEDULE
I

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

Lock-Up
Agreement

February
5, 2024

Dawson
James Securities, Inc.

101
N. Federal Highway, Suite 600

Boca
Raton, FL 33432

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned understands that Dawson James Securities, Inc. (the Placement Agent) has entered into a Placement Agency
Agreement (the Agreement) with Glucotrack, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), providing
for the public offering (the Public Offering) of shares of the Companys common stock (the Common
Stock or the Securities).

To
induce the Placement Agent to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, the undersigned will not, and will cause all affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned or any person in privity with the undersigned or any affiliates of the
undersigned not to, during the period commencing on the date of the prospectus supplement (the Prospectus) relating
to the Public Offering and ending 180 days thereafter (the Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to
sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect
to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities);
(2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of the Lock-Up Securities; (3) establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within
the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to any Common Stock owned directly by the undersigned (including holding as a
custodian) or with respect to which the undersigned has beneficial ownership within the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities,
in cash or otherwise; (4) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (5)
publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other
arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities.

The
undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar
against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

Any
release or waiver granted by the Placement Agent hereunder shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of
a press release announcing such release or waiver. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected
solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the
same terms described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such
transfer.

No
provision in this agreement shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the exercise, exchange or conversion by the undersigned of any securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Common Stock, as applicable; provided that the undersigned does not transfer
the Common Stock acquired on such exercise, exchange or conversion during the Lock-Up Period, unless otherwise permitted pursuant to
the terms of this lock-up agreement. In addition, no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry into or modification
of a so-called 10b5-1 plan at any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in such a manner as to
cause the sale of any Lock-Up Securities within the Lock-Up Period); provided that no Lock-Up Securities may be sold within the
Lock-Up Period pursuant to any such 10b5-1 plan.

The
undersigned understands that the Company and the Placement Agent are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation
of the Public Offering. The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the
undersigneds heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

This
lock-up agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns (which do not
include any investors in the offering referenced herein) and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provisions hereof be enforced by,
any other person (including any investors in the offering referenced herein).

The
undersigned understands that if the Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) is terminated prior to payment
for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder, then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Whether
or not the Public Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only
be made pursuant to the Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Placement Agent.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW]

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the
case of entities - Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the
case of entities - Please Print)

Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Glucotrack, Inc. Announces Pricing of $3.0 Million
Public Offering

Rutherford, NJ., February 4, 2025 Glucotrack,
Inc. (Nasdaq: GCTK), a medical technology company focused on the design, development, and commercialization of novel technologies for
people with diabetes, announced the pricing of a best efforts public offering of approximately 2.6 million shares of common
stock. The offering price of each share of common stock is $1.15, The gross proceeds of the public offering are expected to be approximately
$3.0 million before deducting agent placement fees and offering expenses. The closing of the public offering is expected to occur on or
about February 5, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Dawson James Securities, Inc. is acting as the sole
placement agent for the public offering.

This public offering is being made by the Company
pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333.282297), which was declared effective by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 3, 2024. The securities may only be offered by means of a prospectus. Copies of the
prospectus may be obtained, when available, at the SECs website at www.sec.gov or from Dawson James Securities, Inc. Attention:
Prospectus Department, 101 North Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, FL 33432, investmentbanking@dawsonjames.com or toll free at 866.928.0928.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in
which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction.

About Glucotrack, Inc.

Glucotrack, Inc. (NASDAQ: GCTK) is focused on the
design, development, and commercialization of novel technologies for people with diabetes. The Company is currently developing a long-term
implantable continuous blood glucose monitoring system for people living with diabetes.

Glucotracks CBGM is a long-term, implantable
system that continually measures blood glucose levels with a sensor longevity of 3 years, no on-body wearable component and with minimal
calibration. For more information, please visit http://www.glucotrack.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain statements that constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical facts and may include
statements that address future operating, financial or business performance or Glucotracks strategies or expectations and statements
regarding the completion of the offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the offering, and the anticipated
use of proceeds therefrom. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might,
will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes,
estimates, predicts, projects, potential, outlook or continue,
or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations
and beliefs and involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ
materially from those contemplated by these statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, market and other
conditions, the ability of Glucotrack to raise additional capital to finance its operations (whether through public or private equity
offerings, debt financings, strategic collaborations or otherwise); risks relating to the receipt (and timing) of regulatory approvals
(including U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval); risks relating to enrollment of patients in, and the conduct of, clinical trials;
risks relating to Glucotracks future distribution agreements; and risks relating to its ability to hire and retain qualified personnel,
including sales and distribution personnel. These risks and uncertainties also include, but are not limited to, those described under
the caption Risk Factors in Glucotracks Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed
with the SEC on March 28, 2024, and in Glucotracks other filings with the SEC, which are available free of charge on the SECs
website at: www.sec.gov. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary materially from those indicated. All forward-looking statements and all subsequent written and oral forward-looking
statements attributable to Glucotrack or to persons acting on behalf of Glucotrack are expressly qualified in their entirety by reference
to these risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date they are made, and Glucotrack does not undertake any obligation to update them in light of new information, future
developments or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable law.

Investor Relations:

investors@glucotrack.com

Media:

GlucotrackPR@icrinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gctk-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>gctk-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>gctk-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41141

Entity Registrant Name GLUCOTRACK,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001506983

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0668934

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 301
Rte 17 North

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 800

Entity Address, City or Town Rutherford

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07070

City Area Code (201)

Local Phone Number 842-7715

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol GCTK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://glucotrack.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
gctk-20250204.xsd 
gctk-20250204_lab.xml 
gctk-20250204_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004953-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001506983 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001506983 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
GLUCOTRACK, INC. 
DE 
001-41141 
98-0668934 
301 Rte 17 North 
Ste. 800 
Rutherford 
NJ 
07070 
(201) 
842-7715 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
GCTK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>