<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009635.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009635.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310081007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009635
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250304
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38182
		FILM NUMBER:		25722224

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2321 NE ARGYLE STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT D
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2321 NE ARGYLE STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT D
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153470800015347082025-03-042025-03-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
4, 2025

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-38182 20-3937596

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

755 Main Street, Building 4, Suite 3

Monroe, Connecticut06468

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (458)800-9154

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value BLNE The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Title of Each Class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (CFR 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a
Material Definitive Agreement

On March 7, 2025, Eastside
Distilling, Inc., d/b/a Beeline Holdings (the Company) entered into an Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Agreement
and an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (collectively the ELOC Agreement) in connection with an equity
line of credit transaction (the ELOC) with C/M Capital Master Fund LP (the Purchaser). The ELOC Agreement
amended and restated the original ELOC Agreement originally entered into on December 31, 2024 to, among other things, (i) reduce the maximum
amount under the ELOC Agreement from $35 million to $10 million, and (ii) extend the filing deadline for the registration statement required
under the ELOC Agreement to 30 days following the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024.

The foregoing description
of the ELOC Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of the ELOC Agreement, copies
of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

From March 4 through March
7, 2025, the Company, raised $230,000 from the sale of 450,980 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (Series G)
and 225,490 accompanying warrants.

The offers and sales described above are part of the
Companys offering of a total of up to 13,878,040 shares of Series G and warrants to purchase up to 6,939,020 shares of Common Stock
for total gross proceeds of up to $7,077,800. The Company intends to use the net proceeds, after deducting offering expenses and related
costs, for working capital and general corporate purposes.

In connection with the foregoing, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with the investors. The terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
Series G, warrants, and related Registration Rights Agreement were previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
3, 2024.

The Series G and accompanying
warrants were sold to accredited investors. The shares of common stock have not been or will not be registered under the Securities Act
of 1933 and are exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

The foregoing description of the terms of the Series
G, the warrants, the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of the Series G, the form of warrant, the form of Securities
Purchase Agreement, and the form of Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are filed or incorporated by reference as Exhibits
3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 4.1, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to the Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2024 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02, Departure of
Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.

On March 7, 2025, Geoffrey Gwin, Stephanie Kilkenny
and Robert Grammen resigned as directors and Mr. Gwin resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Concurrent with these resignations,
the remaining directors appointed Nicholas Liuzza, Jr. and Steve Romano to fill two vacancies on the Board of Directors. There is one
vacancy existing. The resignations occurred as a result of the change of control referred to in Item 5.07 of this Current Report on Form
8-K and not as the result of any disagreements.

On March 7, 2025, the Board
of Directors appointed Nicholas Liuzza, Jr., as the Companys Chief Executive Officer following Geoffrey Gwins resignation
from such position. Mr. Gwin has been appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Bridgetown Spirits Corp., a subsidiary of the Company.

Set forth below is a description
of the business experience over the past five years for each new director and our new Chief Executive Officer listed above. There are
no family relationships among any of these individuals.

Nicholas Liuzza Jr.,
Director and Chief Executive Officer, Age 59

Mr. Nicholas Liuzza, Jr. is a newly-appointed
director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary,
Beeline Financial Holdings, Inc. In 2019, Mr. Liuzza co-founded Beeline Loans, Inc., the Companys principal operating subsidiary
and a digital mortgage lender. Previously, Mr. Liuzza served as Executive Vice President of Real Matters, Inc. and exited in 2020 to work
for Beeline Loans. Since June 1, 2019, he has been a director of Red Cat Holdings, Inc. [Nasdaq: RCAT]. Mr. Liuzza was appointed a director
due to his knowledge of the mortgage industry and his control of the Company.

Stephen Romano, Director,
Age 49

Mr. Stephen
Romano is a newly-elected director of the Company, who will serve on the Audit and Compensation Committees. In July 2021, he founded CredEvolv,
a fintech software platform that connects consumer, lenders, and nonprofit credit counselors, where he continues to serve as President.
From December 13, 2021 to September 2024, Mr. Romano served as President of Grand River Mortgage Company, LLC (D/B/A GRMC Lending), a
digital mortgage company specializing in providing home loans to consumers. Mr. Romanos experience in the mortgage industry led
to his appointment as a director.

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders.

On March 7, 2025, a special meeting of the shareholders
of the Company was held. At the special meeting, the Companys shareholders voted to approve the following proposals which were
contained in a Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2025:

1. Merger
Share Issuance Proposal a proposal to approve the conversion, exercise and voting rights and issuances of shares of common
stock underlying convertible securities in connection with and following the merger (the Merger) with Beeline Financial
Holdings, Inc. (Beeline) which closed on October 7, 2024, which Merger is described in the Proxy Statement. In the Merger,
the Company issued former Beeline shareholders Series F-1 and Series F Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into a minimum of 69,603,337
shares of common stock issued as a part of the Merger. In addition, in this Proposal the Company asked its shareholders to approve the
issuance of 16,863,602 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Series G stock and exercise of warrants issued or issuable primarily
in financing transactions after the Merger closing, for an estimated total of 90,632,880 shares, all in accordance with the rules of The
Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (Nasdaq), as such securities are described in the Proxy Statement (referred to as the Merger
Share Issuance Proposal).

2. Equity
Line of Credit Proposal a proposal to approve the Equity Line of Credit, or ELOC, transaction pursuant to which the Company
will issue and sell up to $20 million of common stock to the purchaser or up to 39,215,686 shares of common stock which assumes the sale
of common stock at $0.51 per share (referred to as the Equity Line of Credit Proposal).

3. Name
Change Proposal a proposal to approve an amendment to the Companys Articles of Incorporation to change the name of
the Company to Beeline Holdings, Inc. (referred to as the Name Change Proposal).

4. Auditor
Ratification Proposal a proposal to ratify the selection of Salberg & Company, P.A. to serve as the Companys independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (referred to as the Auditor Ratification Proposal).

Another agenda item at the meeting was a proposal
to approve an adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the foregoing proposals (referred
to as the Adjournment Proposal), however as the other Proposals were each approved, the Adjournment Proposal was not required
and was moot.

Each of the foregoing proposals are described in more
detail in the Companys definitive Proxy Statement.

The voting results for each of these Proposals are
outlined in more detail below:

1. Merger Share Issuance Proposal

Votes
For Votes
Against Abstentions

1,491,042 50,336 2,159

2. Equity Line of Credit Proposal

Votes
For Votes
Against Abstentions

1,490,854 50,990 1,692

3. Name Change Proposal

Votes
For Votes
Against Abstentions

2,397,119 105,435 3,635

4. Auditor Ratification Proposal

Votes
For Votes
Against Abstentions

2,422,827 80,167 

3,195

As there were sufficient
votes to approve proposals 1 through 4, the fifth proposal relating to an adjournment of the special meeting was not voted upon.

Item 7.01
Regulation FD Disclosures.

On March 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release
announcing that it expects to amend its Articles of Incorporation to effect a one-for-10 reverse stock split and a change in its corporate
name to Beeline Holdings, Inc. effective on March 12, 2025. A copy of the Companys press release is furnished as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

The reverse split is being implemented for purposes
of remediating the Companys failure to meet the minimum bid price under Nasdaq rules, the Company expects to effect a reverse stock
split of one-for-10 effective at 12:01 am ET on March 12, 2025.

The information contained in this Item 7.01 and the
accompanying exhibit is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of Section 18. Furthermore, the information contained in this Item 7.01 and the accompanying
exhibit shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically
identified therein as being incorporated therein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Information.

Approval of Initial Listing
Application

On March 5, 2025, the Company
received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that Nasdaq has approved its application for listing of the Companys common
stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market, which was submitted by the Company in connection with its Merger with Beeline. Although the Companys
common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, the Merger required the Company to file an initial listing application
due to the change of control, which occurred at the special meeting of shareholders described elsewhere in this Current Report on Form
8-K.

Conversions of Preferred
Stock

On March 7, 2025, following
shareholder approval of the Merger, holders of the Companys Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, Series F-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock, and Series G Convertible Preferred Stock converted many of such preferred shares (totaling 55,959,501 shares of preferred stock)
into a total of 55,959,501 shares of common stock. As a result of these conversions, there are now 60,780,152 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding, and Nicholas Liuzza, Jr, the new Chief Executive Officer of the Company, beneficially owns a total of 27,188,888 shares
of common stock or 39.1% of the outstanding common stock including shares issuable within 60 days under derivative securities.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit # Exhibit Description Form Date Number Herewith

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Series G Preferred Stock, filed on November 26, 2024 8-K 12/3/2024 3(a)(1) 

3.2 Certificate of Correction of Series G Preferred Stock, filed on December 2, 2024 8-K 12/3/2024 3(a)(2) 

3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Series G Certificate of Designations 8-K 3/5/2025 3(a)(3) 

4.1 Form of Warrant 8-K 12/3/2024 4(a) 

5.1 Opinion
of Law Offices of Harvey Kesner, P.C. regarding the validity of securities to be issued Filed

10.1 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement for ELOC Filed

10.2 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement for ELOC Filed

10.3 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement* 8-K 12/3/2024 10(a) 

10.4 Form of Registration Rights Agreement* 8-K 12/3/2024 10(b) 

23.1 Consent
of Law Offices of Harvey Kesner, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1) 

99.1 Press Release dated March 10, 2025 Furnished

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 10, 2025

EASTSIDE DISTILLING, INC.

By: /s/
Nicholas Liuzza, Jr.

Nicholas
Liuzza, Jr.

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated
as of March 7, 2025

by
and among

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.

and

C/M
Capital Master Fund LP

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I PURCHASE
AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK 2

Section 1.1. Purchase and Sale of Stock 2

Section 1.2. Closing Date; Settlement
Dates 2

Section 1.3. Initial Public Announcements
and Required Filings 3

ARTICLE II
PURCHASE TERMS 3

Section 2.1. Fixed Purchases 3

Section 2.2. VWAP Purchases 4

Section 2.3. Additional VWAP Purchases 4

Section 2.4. Compliance with Rules of
Trading Market. 5

Section 2.5. Beneficial Ownership Limitation 5

Section 2.6. Commitment Shares 5

ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE INVESTOR 6

Section 3.1. Organization and Standing
of the Investor 6

Section 3.2. Authorization and Power 6

Section 3.3. No Conflicts 6

Section 3.4. Investment Purpose 7

Section 3.5. Accredited Investor Status 7

Section 3.6. Reliance on Exemptions 7

Section 3.7. Information 7

Section 3.8. No Governmental Review 8

Section 3.9. No General Solicitation 8

Section 3.10. Not an Affiliate 8

Section 3.11. No Prior Short Sales 8

Section 3.12. Statutory Underwriter Status 8

ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 9

Section 4.1. Organization, Good Standing
and Power 9

Section 4.2. Authorization, Enforcement 9

Section 4.3. Capitalization 10

Section 4.4. Issuance of Securities 10

Section 4.5. No Conflicts 11

Section 4.6. Commission Documents, Financial
Statements; Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting; Accountants 11

Section 4.7. Subsidiaries 13

Section 4.8. No Material Adverse Effect
or Material Adverse Change, No Undisclosed Liabilities 13

Section 4.9. No Undisclosed Events or
Circumstances 14

Section 4.10. Indebtedness 14

Section 4.11. Title to Assets 15

Section 4.12. Actions Pending 15

Section 4.13. Compliance With Laws 15

i

Section
4.14. Certain Fees 15

Section 4.15. Operation of Business 16

Section 4.16. Environmental Compliance 16

Section 4.17. Material Agreements 16

Section 4.18. Transactions With Affiliates 17

Section 4.19. Intellectual Property Rights 17

Section 4.20. Use of Proceeds 18

Section 4.21. Investment Company Act
Status 18

Section 4.22. Benefit Plans; Labor Matters 18

Section 4.23. Taxes 18

Section 4.24. Insurance 19

Section 4.25. Dilutive Effect 19

Section 4.26. Manipulation of Price 19

Section 4.27. Securities Act 19

Section 4.28. Listing and Maintenance
Requirements; DTC Eligibility 20

Section 4.29. Application of Takeover
Protections 20

Section 4.30. Foreign Corrupt Practices 20

Section 4.31. Money Laundering Laws 21

Section 4.32. OFAC 21

Section 4.33. Information Technology;
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws 21

Section 4.34. No Disqualification Events 22

Section 4.35. ERISA 22

Section 4.36. No Other Similar Agreement 22

Section 4.37. Acknowledgement Regarding
Investors Acquisition of Securities 23

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL
COVENANTS 23

Section 5.1. Securities Compliance 23

Section 5.2. Reservation of Common Stock 23

Section 5.3. Registration and Listing 24

Section 5.4. Compliance with Laws. 24

Section 5.5. Keeping of Records and
Books of Account; Due Diligence. 25

Section 5.6. No Frustration; Prohibition
of Certain Issuances Before Settlement of Purchases; No Similar Transactions. 25

Section 5.7. Corporate Existence 27

Section 5.8. Fundamental Transaction 27

Section 5.9. Selling Restrictions. 28

Section 5.10. Effective Registration
Statement 28

Section 5.11. Blue Sky 28

Section 5.12. Non-Public Information 29

Section 5.13. Broker/Dealer 29

Section 5.14. Disclosure Schedules. 29

Section 5.15. Delivery of Bring Down
Opinions and Compliance Certificates Upon Occurrence of Certain Events 30

ARTICLE VI
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING AND CONDITIONS TO THE SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE SHARES 31

Section 6.1. Conditions Precedent to
Closing 31

ii

Section
6.2.

Conditions
Precedent to Commencement 32

Section
6.3. Conditions
Precedent to Purchases by Investor 36

ARTICLE
VII TERMINATION 39

Section
7.1. Automatic
Termination; Termination by Consent 39

Section
7.2. Other
Termination 40

Section
7.3. Effect
of Termination 41

ARTICLE
VIII INDEMNIFICATION 42

Section
8.1. Indemnification
of Investor 42

Section
8.2. Indemnification
Procedures 43

ARTICLE
IX MISCELLANEOUS 44

Section
9.1. Certain
Fees and Expenses; Commitment Shares; Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions. 44

Section
9.2. Specific
Enforcement, Consent to Jurisdiction, Waiver of Jury Trial. 46

Section
9.3. Entire
Agreement 47

Section
9.4. Notices 47

Section
9.5. Waivers 48

Section
9.6. Amendments 48

Section
9.7. Headings 48

Section
9.8. Construction 48

Section
9.9. Binding
Effect 49

Section
9.10. No
Third Party Beneficiaries 49

Section
9.11. Governing
Law 49

Section
9.12. Survival 49

Section
9.13. Counterparts 49

Section
9.14. Publicity 50

Section
9.15. Severability 50

Section
9.16. Further
Assurances 50

ANNEX 2.1 TO THECOMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT FORM OF FIXED PURCHASE NOTICE 

ANNEX 2.2 TO THECOMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT FORM OF VWAP PURCHASE NOTICE 

ANNEX 2.2B TO THECOMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT FORM OF VWAP PURCHASE CONFIRMATION 

ANNEX 2.3 TO THECOMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT FORM OF ADDITIONAL VWAP PURCHASE NOTICE 

iii

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
AMENDED AND RESTATED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of March 7, 2025 (this Agreement),
and amends and restates in its entirety the Common Stock Purchase Agreement originally entered into by and among C/M Capital Master Fund
LP, a ___________ limited liability company (the Investor), and Eastside Distilling, Inc., d/b/a/ Beeline
Holdings, a Nevada corporation (the Company) on December 31, 2024, pursuant to that certain letter agreement
entered into between the parties on such date.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Company may issue and
sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to the lesser of
(a) $10,000,000 and (b) 19.99% of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date of this Agreement (to the
extent applicable under Section 2.4 hereof), unless (i) stockholder approval is obtained to issue more than such 19.99%
(Stockholder Approval) or (ii) the price of applicable sales of Common Stock to the Investor under this
Agreement equals or exceeds the lower of (A) the official Closing Sale Price on the Nasdaq Capital Market or any nationally
recognized successor thereto (the NCM) immediately preceding the delivery of the applicable Fixed
Purchase notice, VWAP Purchase notice, or Additional VWAP Purchase notice to the Investor and (B) the average of the Closing Sale
Prices of the Common Stock on the NCM for the five business days immediately preceding the delivery of such Fixed Purchase notice,
VWAP Purchase notice or Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, as applicable (in each case plus an incremental amount to take into account
the Commitment Shares), such that the sales of such Common Stock to the Investor would not count toward the 19.99% because they are
at market under applicable NCM rules;

WHEREAS,
in consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company has issued to the Investor the Commitment
Shares in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
the parties hereto are concurrently entering into a Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto
(the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company shall provide Investor with certain registration
rights related to the shares issued under this Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein.

1 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section
1.1. Purchase and Sale of Stock. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Investment
Period, the Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investor, and the
Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to $10,000,000 of the Companys shares of Common Stock including the Commitment Shares,
unless upon receipt of (i) stockholder approval to issue more than such 19.99% (the Stockholder Approval
and the date upon which Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Stockholder Approval Date) or (ii) the price
of applicable sales of Common Stock to the Investor under this Agreement equals or exceeds the lower of (A) the official Closing Sale
Price on the NCM immediately preceding the delivery of the applicable Fixed Purchase notice, VWAP Purchase notice, or Additional VWAP
Purchase notice to the Investor and (B) the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Common Stock on the NCM for the five business days
immediately preceding the delivery of such Fixed Purchase notice, VWAP Purchase notice or Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, as applicable
(in each case, plus an incremental amount to take into account the Commitment Shares), (the Total Purchase Commitment),
to the extent applicable under Section 2.4, by the delivery to the Investor of Fixed Purchase Notices, VWAP Purchase Notices, or Additional
VWAP Purchase Notices, as provided in Article II.

Section
1.2. Closing Date; Settlement Dates. This Agreement shall become effective and binding (the Closing)
upon (a) the delivery of counterpart signature pages of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement executed by each of the
parties hereto and thereto, and (b) the delivery of all other documents, instruments and writings required to be delivered at the Closing,
in each case as provided in Section 6.1, to the offices of Pryor Cashman LLP, 7 Times Square, New York, NY 10036, at 1:00 p.m., New York,
NY time, on the Closing Date, or such other time and place as the parties hereto shall agree. In consideration of, and in express reliance
upon, the representations, warranties and covenants contained in, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions of, this Agreement,
during the Investment Period the Company, at its sole option and discretion, may issue and sell to the Investor, and, if the Company
elects to so issue and sell, the Investor shall purchase from the Company, the Shares in respect of each Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase
and Additional VWAP Purchase (each, a Settlement). The payment for the Shares in respect of each Fixed Purchase,
VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase shall occur (i) on the third (3rd) Trading Day following delivery of the Shares
by the Company, and (ii) in accordance with Article II hereof; provided, that all of the conditions precedent in Article VII shall
have been fulfilled at the applicable times set forth in Article VII.

2 

Section
1.3. Initial Public Announcements and Required Filings. The Company shall, within the time period required under the Exchange
Act, file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Commitment Shares to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
and attaching as exhibits thereto copies of each of this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, and, if applicable, any press
release issued by the Company disclosing the execution of this Agreement by the Company (including all exhibits thereto, the Current
Report). The Company shall provide the Investor a reasonable opportunity to comment on a draft of the Current Report prior
to filing the Current Report with the Commission and shall give due consideration to all such comments. From and after the filing of
the Current Report with the Commission, the Company shall have publicly disclosed all material, nonpublic information delivered to the
Investor (or the Investors representatives or agents) by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers,
directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
The Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company
as described in this Section 1.3, the Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including the existence and terms of the transactions), except that the Investor
may disclose the terms of such transactions to its financial, accounting, legal and other advisors (provided that the Investor directs
such Persons to maintain the confidentiality of such information). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare
and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the applicable Filing Deadline, file with the Commission the Registration Statement
covering only the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the Securities Act and the Registration Rights
Agreement. At or before 8:30 a.m. (New York, NY time) on the Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of the Registration
Statement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) under
the Securities Act the final Prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to such Registration Statement (or post-effective
amendment thereto).

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE TERMS

Subject
to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by applicable law) waiver of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the parties
agree (unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the parties in writing) as follows:

Section
2.1. Fixed Purchases. Upon the initial satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in set forth in Section 6.2, (the
Commencement and the date of initial satisfaction of all of such conditions, the Commencement
Date) and from time to time thereafter, subject to the satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in Section 6.3,
and on any business day selected by the Company where the Closing Sale Price on the applicable national market, or quotation service,
is equal to or greater than $0.40, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery
to the Investor of a Fixed Purchase Notice, to purchase a Fixed Purchase Share Amount, not to exceed the applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum
Amount (calculated as of the applicable Fixed Purchase Date), at the applicable Fixed Purchase Price therefor on the applicable Fixed
Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement (each such purchase a Fixed Purchase); provided, however,
that the Investors committed obligation under any single Fixed Purchase shall not exceed $200,000 (provided that all shares of
Common Stock in respect of all prior Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchases and Additional VWAP Purchases shall have been delivered to the Investor
via Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC)). If the Company delivers any Fixed Purchase Notice directing
the Investor to purchase a Fixed Purchase Share Amount in excess of the applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount (calculated as of the
applicable Fixed Purchase Date), such Fixed Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of the amount by which the Fixed
Purchase Share Amount set forth in such Fixed Purchase Notice exceeds such applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount, and the Investor
shall have no obligation to purchase such excess Shares in respect of such Fixed Purchase Notice; provided, however, that
the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount in such Fixed Purchase. The Company may
deliver a Fixed Purchase Notice, in the Form attached hereto as Annex 2.1, to the Investor as often as every Trading Day, so long
as (i) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on such Trading Day is not less than $0.40 and (ii) all Shares subject to all prior
Fixed Purchase Notices, VWAP Purchase Notices and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices (as applicable) have theretofore been received by
the Investor as DWAC Shares. Since delivery of a Fixed Purchase Notice is made by the Company after market close on the applicable Fixed
Purchase Date, the Fixed Purchase Price is determined and fixed at the time the Company delivers the Fixed Purchase to the Investor.

3 

Section
2.2. VWAP Purchases. Upon the initial satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in set forth in Section 6.2, on the
Commencement Date and from time to time thereafter, and on any business day selected by the Company where the Closing Sale Price on the
applicable national market, or quotation service is equal to or greater than $0.51, subject to the satisfaction of all of the conditions
set forth in Section 6.3, in addition to purchases of Shares as described in Section 2.1, the Company shall also have the right, but
not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a VWAP Purchase Notice, to purchase the applicable VWAP
Purchase Share Amount, not to exceed the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, at the applicable VWAP Purchase Price therefor on the
applicable VWAP Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement (each such purchase, a VWAP Purchase); provided,
however, that the Investors aggregate committed obligation under a VWAP Purchase and all Additional VWAP Purchases shall
not exceed $2,500,000 in the aggregate for such VWAP Purchase and all such Additional VWAP Purchases on such VWAP Purchase Date, collectively.
The Company may deliver a VWAP Purchase Notice, in the Form attached hereto as Annex 2.2, to the Investor only (i) on a Trading Day on
which the Company also properly submitted a Fixed Purchase Notice providing for a Fixed Purchase of an amount of Shares not less than
the applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount (calculated as of the applicable Fixed Purchase Date) and (ii) if all Shares subject to
all prior Fixed Purchase Notices, VWAP Purchase Notices, and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices (as applicable) have theretofore been received
by the Investor as DWAC Shares. The Investor is obligated to accept each VWAP Purchase Notice prepared and delivered by the Company in
accordance with the terms of and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions contained in this Agreement. If the Company delivers any
VWAP Purchase Notice directing the Investor to purchase a VWAP Purchase Share Amount in excess of the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum
Amount that the Company is then permitted to include in such VWAP Purchase Notice, such VWAP Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio
to the extent of the amount by which the VWAP Purchase Share Amount set forth in such VWAP Purchase Notice exceeds such applicable
VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase such excess Shares in respect of such VWAP Purchase
Notice; provided, however, that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount
in such VWAP Purchase At or prior to 9:30 a.m., New York , NY time, on the Trading Day immediately following the VWAP Purchase Date for
each VWAP Purchase, the Investor shall provide to the Company a written confirmation of such VWAP Purchase setting forth the applicable
VWAP Purchase Share Amount and VWAP Purchase Price for such VWAP Purchase (each, a VWAP Purchase Confirmation).

Section
2.3. Additional VWAP Purchases. Upon the initial satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in set forth in Section
6.3 on the Commencement Date and from time to time thereafter, subject to the satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in Section
6.3, in addition to purchases of Shares as described in Section 2.1 and Section 2.2, the Company shall also have the right, but not the
obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of an Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, to purchase the applicable
Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount, not to exceed the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, at the applicable Additional
VWAP Purchase Price therefor on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date in accordance with this Agreement (each such purchase, an
Additional VWAP Purchase); provided, however, that the Investors aggregate committed
obligation under a VWAP Purchase and all Additional VWAP Purchases on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date, which Additional
VWAP Purchase Date shall be the same Trading Day as the applicable VWAP Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, shall not exceed $2,500,000
in the aggregate for such VWAP Purchase and all such Additional VWAP Purchases, collectively. The Company may deliver an Additional VWAP
Purchase Notice, in the Form attached hereto as Annex 2.3, to the Investor only (i) on a Trading Day that is also the VWAP Purchase Date
for a VWAP Purchase with respect to which the Company properly submitted to the Investor a VWAP Purchase Notice in accordance with this
Agreement on the applicable Fixed Purchase Date for a Fixed Purchase of an amount of Shares not less than the applicable Fixed Purchase
Maximum Amount (calculated as of the applicable Fixed Purchase Date) and (ii) if all Shares subject to all prior Fixed Purchase Notices,
VWAP Purchase Notices, and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices, including, without limitation, all prior VWAP Purchases and Additional VWAP
Purchases effected on the same Trading Day as the Additional VWAP Purchase Date on which the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase is to
be effected, as applicable, have theretofore been received by the Investor as DWAC Shares. The Investor is obligated to accept each Additional
VWAP Purchase Notice prepared and delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms of and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
contained in this Agreement. If the Company delivers any Additional VWAP Purchase Notice directing the Investor to purchase an Additional
VWAP Purchase Share Amount in excess of the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount that the Company is then permitted to
include in such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice shall be void ab initio to the extent of
the amount by which the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount set forth in such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice exceeds such applicable
Additional VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase such excess Shares in respect of such
Additional VWAP Purchase Notice; provided, however, that the Investor shall remain obligated to purchase the applicable
Additional VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount in such Additional VWAP Purchase At or prior to 9:30 a.m., New York , NY time, on the Trading
Day immediately following the Additional VWAP Purchase Date for each Additional VWAP Purchase, the Investor shall provide to the Company
a written confirmation of such Additional VWAP Purchase setting forth the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount and Additional
VWAP Purchase Price for such Additional VWAP Purchase (each, an Additional VWAP Purchase Confirmation).

4 

Section
2.4. Compliance with Rules of Trading Market.

(a) Share
Issuance Restriction. The Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, and the Investor
shall not purchase or acquire any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent that after giving effect thereto,
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Commitment Shares, would exceed a number of shares representing 19.99% of the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement, which number of shares shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number
of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement under applicable rules of the Trading Market (such maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable by
the Company under this Agreement, the Aggregate Limit).

(b) General. The
Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if such issuance or sale would reasonably be
expected to result in (A) a violation of the Securities Act or (B) a breach of the rules of the Trading Market. The provisions of
this Section 2.4 shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2.4 only if
necessary to ensure compliance with the Securities Act and the applicable rules of the Trading Market.

Section
2.5. Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company
shall not issue or sell, and the Investor shall not purchase or acquire, any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement which,
when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Investor and its Affiliates (as calculated pursuant
to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Investor of
more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). Upon
the written or oral request of the Investor, the Company shall promptly (but not later than the next business day on which the Transfer
Agent is open for business) confirm orally or in writing to the Investor the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the most
recent date for which the Transfer Agent has such information. The Investor and the Company shall each cooperate in good faith in the
determinations required under this Section 2.5 and the application of this Section 2.5. The Investors written certification to
the Company of the applicability of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the resulting effect thereof hereunder at any time, shall
be conclusive with respect to the applicability thereof and such result absent manifest error. The provisions of this Section 2.5 shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2.5 to the extent necessary
to properly give effect to the limitations contained in this Section 2.5.

Section
2.6. Commitment Shares. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and the side
letter dated December 31, 2024, the Company issued the Investor Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (Series G)
as Commitment Shares. The Common Stock underlying the Commitment Shares shall be included in the Registration Statement. For the avoidance
of doubt, all of the Commitment Shares shall be fully earned as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether any Fixed Purchases or VWAP
Purchases are effected hereunder and regardless of any subsequent termination of this Agreement; provided, that in the event any
conversion of the Series G to the Investor would result in the Investor exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then any such
Commitment Shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be held in abeyance for the Investor until such time, if ever,
as its rights thereto would not result in the Investor exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

5 

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE INVESTOR

The
Investor hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants to the Company:

Section
3.1. Organization and Standing of the Investor. The Investor is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

Section
3.2. Authorization and Power. The Investor has the requisite limited liability company power and authority to enter into
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and to purchase or acquire the Securities in accordance
with the terms hereof. The execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability
company action, and no further consent or authorization of the Investor, its Board of Directors or its members is required. Each of this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership, or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application (including
any limitation of equitable remedies).

Section
3.3. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not (i) result in
a violation of such Investors certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement or other applicable organizational
instruments, (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default)
under, or give rise to any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, mortgage, deed
of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Investor is a party or is bound, (iii)
create or impose any lien, charge or encumbrance on any property of the Investor under any agreement or any commitment to which the Investor
is party or under which the Investor is bound or under which any of its properties or assets are bound, or (iv) result in a violation
of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment or decree of any court or governmental agency
applicable to the Investor or by which any of its properties or assets are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii)
and (iv), for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, acceleration, cancellations and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, prohibit or otherwise interfere with, in any material respect, the ability of the Investor to enter into and perform
its obligations under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. The Investor is not required under any applicable federal,
state, local or foreign law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration
with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and
the Registration Rights Agreement or to purchase or acquire the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof; provided, however,
that for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Investor is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant
representations and warranties and the compliance with the relevant covenants and agreements of the Company in the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party.

6 

Section
3.4. Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Securities for its own account, for investment purposes and not
with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under
or exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations
herein, the Investor does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific
term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a registration statement filed
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have
any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Securities.

Section
3.5. Accredited Investor Status. The Investor is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)
of Regulation D.

Section
3.6. Reliance on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance
on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of U.S. federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon
the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the
Investor to acquire the Securities.

Section
3.7. Information. All materials relating to the business, financial condition, management and operations of the Company
and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Investor have been furnished or otherwise
made available to the Investor or its advisors, including, without limitation, the Commission Documents. The Investor understands that
its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. The Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of a proposed investment in the Securities. The Investor and its advisors have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and
receive answers from representatives of the Company concerning the financial condition and business of the Company and other matters
relating to an investment in the Securities. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by the Investor
or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party or the
Investors right to rely on any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the
consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the opinions of the Companys counsel delivered
pursuant to Section 6.2(xvi)). The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an
informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities. The Investor understands that it (and not the Company)
shall be responsible for its own tax liabilities that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

7 

Section
3.8. No Governmental Review. The Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government
or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the
investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

Section
3.9. No General Solicitation. The Investor is not purchasing or acquiring the Securities as a result of any form of general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

Section
3.10. Not an Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or an Affiliate of the Company. As of the date of this
Agreement, the Investor does not beneficially own any shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock, and during the Restricted Period, Investor will not acquire beneficial ownership of any shares of the Companys
capital stock (including shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock) other than
pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or be deemed to prohibit the
Investor from purchasing, in an open market transaction or otherwise, shares of Common Stock necessary to make delivery by the Investor
in satisfaction of a sale by the Investor of Shares that the Investor anticipated receiving from the Company in connection with the settlement
of a Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase or Additional VWAP Purchase, as applicable, if the Company or the Transfer Agent shall have failed
for any reason to electronically transfer all of the Shares subject to such Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase or Additional VWAP Purchase,
as applicable, to the Investor by crediting the Investors or its designated Broker-Dealers account at DTC through its DWAC
delivery system, at or prior to the applicable time required by and otherwise in compliance with Section 2.4 of this Agreement.

Section
3.11. No Prior Short Sales. At no time prior to the date of this Agreement has any of the Investor, its agents, representatives
or Affiliates engaged in or effected, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any (i) short sale (as such term
is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Stock or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net
short position with respect to the Common Stock.

Section
3.12. Statutory Underwriter Status. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter
and a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and in any Prospectus contained therein to the extent required
by applicable law.

8 

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to the Investor (which is hereby incorporated by reference in, and constitutes
an integral part of, this Agreement) (the Disclosure Schedule), the Company hereby makes the following representations,
warranties and covenants to the Investor:

Section
4.1. Organization, Good Standing and Power. The Company is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation nor default
of any of the provisions of its Charter, as defined, Bylaws or other organizational documents. Each of the Company is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been
instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

Section
4.2. Authorization, Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into and
perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and, to issue the Securities in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof. Except for approvals of the Companys Board of Directors or a committee thereof as may be required
in connection with any issuance and sale of Shares to the Investor hereunder (which approvals shall be obtained prior to the delivery
of any Fixed Purchase Notice, any VWAP Purchase Notice and any Additional VWAP Purchase Notice), the execution, delivery and performance
by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action (as applicable) on the part of the
Company, and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or its stockholders, or any other Person is
required in order for the Company to execute, deliver and perform its respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which
it is a party. Each of the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Company
and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership
or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles
of general application (including any limitation of equitable remedies).

9 

Section
4.3. Capitalization. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company has been duly and validly authorized
and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and, except as otherwise set forth in the Commission Documents or on Schedule 4.3,
all outstanding shares of capital stock or membership interests of the Subsidiaries are owned by the Company either directly or through
wholly owned Subsidiaries and are free and clear of any perfected security interest or any other security interests, claims, liens or
encumbrances. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents and this Agreement, there are no agreements or arrangements under which
the Company is obligated to register the sale of any securities under the Securities Act. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents,
no shares of capital stock of the Company are entitled to preemptive rights and there are no outstanding debt securities and no contracts,
commitments, understandings, or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of the capital stock
of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company other than those issued or granted
in the ordinary course of business pursuant to the Companys equity incentive and/or compensatory plans or arrangements. Except
for customary transfer restrictions contained in agreements entered into by the Company to sell restricted securities or as set forth
in the Commission Documents, the Company is not a party to, and it has no Knowledge of, any agreement restricting the voting or transfer
of any shares of the capital stock of the Company. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, there are no securities or instruments
containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or
the consummation of the transactions described herein or therein. The Company has made available via EDGAR true and correct copies of
the Companys Articles of Incorporation as in effect on the Commencement Date (the Charter), and the
Companys Bylaws as in effect on the Commencement Date (the Bylaws).

Section
4.4. Issuance of Securities. The Shares to be issued under this Agreement have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased
by the Investor pursuant to a particular Fixed Purchase Notice, a particular VWAP Purchase Notice or a particular Additional VWAP Purchase
Notice, will be, prior to the delivery to the Investor hereunder of such Fixed Purchase Notice, VWAP Purchase Notice, Additional VWAP
Purchase Notice, respectively, duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. The Commitment Shares, when
issued to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement, and the Shares, when issued and sold against payment therefor in accordance
with this Agreement, shall be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all liens, charges, taxes,
security interests, encumbrances, rights of first refusal, preemptive or similar rights and other encumbrances with respect to the issue
thereof, and the Investor shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, sufficient
shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and reserved by the Company for issuance and sale by the Company to the Investor as
Shares under this Agreement, and sufficient shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and reserved by the Company for issuance
by the Company to the Investor upon conversion of the Commitment Shares under this Agreement.

10 

Section
4.5. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents to which
it is a party and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not (i) result
in a violation of any provision of the Companys Charter or Bylaws, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any
of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default)
under, or give rise to any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, mortgage, deed
of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Company or of the Companys Subsidiaries
is a party or is bound, except as set forth on Schedule 4.5, (iii) create or impose a lien, charge or encumbrance on any property
or assets of the Company or of the Companys Subsidiaries under any agreement or any commitment to which the Company or of the
Companys Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or of the Companys Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of their
respective properties or assets is subject, or (iv) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation,
order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or of the Companys Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company
or of the Companys Subsidiaries are bound or affected (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules
and regulations of the Trading Market), except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such conflicts, defaults, terminations,
amendments, acceleration, cancellations, liens, charges, encumbrances and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement and as required
under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required under any federal, state, local or foreign
law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental
agency (including, without limitation, the Trading Market) in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, or to issue the Securities to the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof
and thereof (other than such consents, authorizations, orders, filings or registrations as have been obtained or made prior to the Closing
Date); provided, however, that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying
upon the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investor in this Agreement and the compliance by it with its covenants
and agreements contained in this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section
4.6. Commission Documents, Financial Statements; Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting;
Accountants.

(a) The
Company has timely filed (giving effect to permissible extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) all Commission
Documents for the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement required to be filed by it (the Filed Commission Documents)
except as disclosed on Schedule 4.6. The Company has delivered or made available to the Investor via EDGAR or otherwise true and
complete copies of the Filed Commission Documents prior to the Closing Date. As of its filing date, each Commission Document complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal, state and
local laws, rules and regulations applicable to it, and, as of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the
Closing Date, on the date of such amended or superseded filing). Each Registration Statement, on the date it is filed with the Commission,
on the date it is declared effective by the Commission, on each Fixed Purchase Date, each VWAP Purchase Date and each Additional VWAP
Purchase Date, shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Rule
415 under the Securities Act) and shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, except that this representation and warranty
shall not apply to statements in or omissions from such Registration Statement made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
relating to the Investor furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use therein. The Prospectus
and each Prospectus Supplement required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement after the Closing
Date, when taken together, on its date, on each Fixed Purchase Date, each VWAP Purchase Date and each Additional VWAP Purchase Date,
shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act) and shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
except that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement
made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf
of the Investor expressly for use therein. Each Commission Document to be filed with or furnished to the Commission after the Closing
Date and filed as part of or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus included therein or any Prospectus
Supplement thereto required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement (including, without limitation,
the Current Report), when such document is filed with or furnished to the Commission and, if applicable, when such document becomes effective,
as the case may be, shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable,
and other federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to it. There are no outstanding or unresolved comments or undertakings
in such comment letters received by the Company from the Commission. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. To the Companys
Knowledge, the Commission has not commenced any enforcement proceedings against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

11 

(b) The
financial statements and schedules of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries to be filed as part of or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus included therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, present fairly in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates
and for the periods indicated, comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of Regulation S-X, and have been prepared
in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods involved (except as otherwise noted therein). The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language
included or incorporated by reference in the Commission Documents, the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called
for in all material respects and have been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.
The statistical and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Commission Documents or any Registration Statement
are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable inquiry, to be reliable and accurate and, to the extent
required, the Company has obtained the written consent to the use of such data from such source.

(c) The
Company and the Subsidiaries have established and maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act). Except as disclosed in Commission Documents or on Schedule 4.6, such disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole is made known
to the Companys Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer by others within those entities, and such disclosure controls
and procedures are effective to perform the functions for which they were established. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
and maintain internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act). Except
as disclosed in Commission Documents, such internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance that
(A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (B) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (D) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences;
and (E) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language in the Commission Documents fairly presents the information called
for in all material respects and are prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. The
Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) any significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Companys
ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data; and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a role in the Companys internal controls. To the Companys Knowledge, since the date of the
most recent evaluation of such disclosure controls and procedures, except as disclosed in Commission Documents, there have been (A) no
material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (B) no significant
changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls, including any corrective actions
with regard to significant deficiencies.

12 

(d) To
the Companys knowledge, the Company is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, which are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

(e) The
Companys accountants are set forth in the Commission Documents and, to the Knowledge of the Company, such accountants are an independent
registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act.

Section
4.7. Subsidiaries. The Filed Commission Documents or Schedule 4.7 set forth each subsidiary (each, a Subsidiary,
and collectively, the Subsidiaries), of the Company as of the Commencement Date, other than those that may
be omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, showing its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and the Company does not
have any other Subsidiaries as of the Commencement Date. No Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly,
from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying
to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys property
or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company, except as described or incorporate by reference in, or contemplated
by, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, or as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.8. No Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change, No Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as otherwise disclosed
in any Commission Document or on Schedule 4.8, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year: (i) the Company
has not experienced or suffered any Material Adverse Effect, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there exists no current state of
facts, condition or event which would have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) there has not occurred any material adverse change, or
any development that would reasonably be expected to result in a prospective material adverse change, in the condition, financial or
otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company from that set forth in the Commission Documents, including, without
limitation, as a result of the outbreak of COVID-19, or as a result of any measures intended to contain the outbreak of COVID-19 imposed
by any federal, state, local or foreign government or government agency in any country or region in which the Company, or any of its
agents, consultants, advisors or vendors, has assets or properties or conducts business, including, without limitation, any limitations,
curtailments, suspensions or closures of businesses, business offices or establishments, schools, properties and other public areas due
to quarantines, curfews, travel restrictions, workplace controls, stay-at-home orders, social distancing requirements or
guidelines or other public gathering restrictions or limitations; (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred
any material liability or obligation, direct or contingent, nor entered into any material transaction; (iv) the Company has not
purchased any of its outstanding capital stock, nor declared, paid or otherwise made any dividend or distribution of any kind on its
capital stock other than ordinary and customary dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock; and (v) there has not been any material
change in the capital stock, short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company.

13 

Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities, obligations, claims or losses (whether liquidated or unliquidated, secured
or unsecured, absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) that would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet of the Company or
any Subsidiary (including the notes thereto) in conformity with GAAP and are not disclosed in the Commission Documents, other than those
incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys or its Subsidiaries respective businesses and which, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.9. No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances. Except as provided on Schedule 4.9 or in Filed Commission Documents,
no event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is reasonably expected to exist or occur with respect to
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including
results thereof) or condition (financial or otherwise), that (i) would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities
laws in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, which has not been disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, or (ii) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.10. Indebtedness.Schedule 4.10 and the Filed Commission Documents set forth all outstanding secured and unsecured
Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments through such date. For the
purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness shall mean (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed
in excess of $100,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements,
indemnities and other contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others in excess of $100,000, whether or not the same are
or should be reflected in the Companys balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments
for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments
in excess of $100,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. There is no existing or continuing default
or event of default in respect of any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company has not taken any steps, and
does not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to Title 11 of the United States Code or any similar federal
or state bankruptcy law or law for the relief of debtors, nor does the Company have any Knowledge that its creditors intend to initiate
involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under Title 11 of the United
States Code or any other federal or state bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors. The Company is financially solvent and
is generally able to pay its debts as they become due.

14 

Section
4.11. Title to Assets. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real
property and good and marketable title to or have the right to use all personal property owned by them which is material to the business
of the Company, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except as reflected in Filed Commission Documents
or on Schedule 4.11. Such liens, encumbrances and defects do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries; and any real property and buildings held
under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries. To the Companys Knowledge the leases are held by it under valid, subsisting and
enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed
to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case except as described or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus

Section
4.12. Actions Pending. Except as disclosed in Commission Documents, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation
before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or affecting the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers or directors in their capacities
as such, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.13. Compliance With Laws. During the 12-month period immediately preceding the date hereof, except as described in the
Filed Commission Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is and at all times has been in material compliance with all applicable
U.S. and foreign statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to Company and its Subsidiaries (Applicable Laws),
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.14. Certain Fees. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are
or will be payable by the Company or of the Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Investor shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
Section 4.14 incurred by the Company or of the Subsidiaries that may be due or payable in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

15 

Section
4.15. Operation of Business. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess or have obtained, all licenses, certificates, consents,
orders, approvals, permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign governmental entity that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the conduct
of their respective businesses as currently conducted, as described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus (the Permits), except where the failure to possess, obtain or make the same would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received written notice of any proceeding
relating to revocation or modification of any such Permit or has any reason to believe that such Permit will not be renewed in the ordinary
course, except where the failure to obtain any such renewal would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Section 4.15 does not relate to environmental matters, such items being the subject of Section 4.16.

Section
4.16. Environmental Compliance. Other than as set forth on Schedule 4.16, to the Knowledge of the Company, the Company
and its Subsidiaries are not in violation of any statute, any rule, regulation, decision or order of any governmental agency or body
or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental
Laws), owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any Environmental Laws, is
liable for any off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or subject to any claim relating to any Environmental
Laws, which violation, contamination, liability or claim would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect; and the Company is not aware of any pending investigation which might lead to such a claim. Other than as set forth or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there is no judgment, decree, injunction, rule, writ or order
of any governmental entity under any Environmental Laws outstanding against the Company and its Subsidiaries which would, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.17. Material Agreements. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.17 or in the Commission Documents, neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary of the Company is a party to any written or oral contract, instrument, agreement commitment, obligation, plan or arrangement
(collectively, Material Agreements). Each of the Material Agreements described in the Commission Documents
conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained or incorporated by reference therein. The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries have performed in all material respects all the obligations then required to be performed by them under the Material
Agreements, have received no notice of default or an event of default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder and are not
aware of any basis for the assertion thereof, and neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company,
any other contracting party thereto are in default under any Material Agreement now in effect, the result of which would have a Material
Adverse Effect. Each of the Material Agreements is in full force and effect, and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable
in accordance with its terms against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company, each other contracting
party thereto, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation,
conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application and any indemnification provisions may be unenforceable under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act .

16 

Section
4.18. Transactions With Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, none of the Companys, officers
or directors, or to the Companys Knowledge, none of the Companys stockholders or any family member or Affiliate of any
of the foregoing, has either directly or indirectly an interest in, or is a party to, any transaction that would be required to be disclosed
as a related party transaction pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

Section
4.19. Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use
all material trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions,
licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys material trademarks, trade
names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals,
government authorizations, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights have expired or terminated, or, by the terms and conditions
thereof, will expire or terminate within two years from the date of this Agreement, except as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no Knowledge of any infringement by the Company or the Subsidiaries of any material trademark,
trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations,
trade secret or other similar rights of others, or of any such development of similar or identical trade secrets or technical information
by others, and there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys Knowledge, being threatened
against, the Company or the Subsidiaries regarding trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service
names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

17 

Section
4.20. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds from the sale of the Shares by the Company to the Investor shall be used by the Company
in the manner as will be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto)
and any Prospectus Supplement thereto filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section
4.21. Investment Company Act Status. The Company is not required to be registered as, and immediately after receipt of
payment for the Shares will not be required to be registered as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Section
4.22. Benefit Plans; Labor Matters. Each benefit and compensation plan, agreement, policy and arrangement that is maintained,
administered or contributed to by the Company for current or former employees or directors of, or independent contractors with respect
to, the Company has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules
and regulations, and the Company has complied in all material respects with all applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations in
regard to such plans, agreements, policies and arrangements. Each stock option granted under any equity incentive plan of the Company
(each, a Stock Plan) was granted with a per share exercise price no less than the market price per common
share on the grant date of such option in accordance with the rules of the Trading Market, and no such grant involved any back-dating,
or similar practice with respect to the effective date of such grant; each such option (i) was granted in compliance in all material
respects with Applicable Laws and with the applicable Stock Plan(s), (ii) was duly approved by or under authority granted by the Companys
Board of Directors, and (iii) has been properly accounted for in the Companys financial statements and disclosed, to the
extent required, in the Companys filings or submissions with the Commission, and the Trading Market. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation of or has received written notice of any violation with respect to any federal or state law, regulation or
rule relating to discrimination in the hiring, termination, promotion, employment or pay of employees, nor any applicable federal or
state wages and hours law, nor any state law, regulation or rule precluding the denial of credit due to the neighborhood in which a property
is situated, the violation of any of which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. There are no existing or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened labor disputes with the employees of the Company or any
of the Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.23. Taxes. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has filed on a timely basis (including in accordance with any
applicable extensions) all material necessary federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns required to be filed
through the date hereof or have properly requested extensions thereof, and have paid all taxes shown as due thereon, and if due and payable,
any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against the Company or of the Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Commission
Documents, no material tax deficiency has been asserted against any such entity, and the Company has no Knowledge of any tax deficiency
that is likely to be asserted against any such entity that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to any such entity,
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All material tax liabilities are adequately provided for on the respective
books of the Company and the Subsidiaries.

18 

Section
4.24. Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility
against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses
in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, insurance covering real and personal property owned
or leased by the Company and the Subsidiaries against theft, damage, destruction, environmental liabilities, acts of vandalism, terrorism,
earthquakes, flood and all other risks customarily insured against, all of which insurance is in full force and effect. Neither the Company
nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section
4.25. Dilutive Effect. The Company is aware and acknowledges that issuance of the Securities could cause dilution to existing
stockholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of shares of Common Stock. The Company further acknowledges that
its obligation to issue the Shares pursuant to the terms of a Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase or Additional VWAP Purchase in accordance
with this Agreement is, in each case, unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests
of other stockholders of the Company.

Section
4.26. Manipulation of Price. The Company has not, and to its Knowledge no Person acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly
or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases
of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates will during the term of this Agreement,
and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person acting on their behalf will during the term of this Agreement, take any of the actions
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence.

Section
4.27. Securities Act. The Company has complied and shall comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws in
connection with the offer, issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder, including, without limitation, the applicable requirements
of the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement, upon filing with the Commission and at the time it is declared effective by the Commission,
shall satisfy all of the requirements of the Securities Act to register the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein by
the Investor in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415 under the Securities
Act at then-prevailing market prices, and not fixed prices. The Company is not, and has not previously been at any time, an issuer identified
in, or subject to, Rule 144(i).

19 

Section
4.28. Listing and Maintenance Requirements; DTC Eligibility. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its Knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the Common Stock pursuant to the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is
currently contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in the Filed Commission Documents, the Company has not, in
the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received any written notice from any Person to the effect that the Company is not in
compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of the Trading Market. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, the Company
is in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements of the Trading Market. The Common Stock is eligible for participation
in the DTC book entry system and has shares on deposit at DTC for transfer electronically to third parties via DTC through its DWAC delivery
system. The Company has not received notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits
of the Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock is being imposed or is contemplated.

Section
4.29. Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any,
in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a
rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys Charter or the laws of the State of Nevada that
is or could become applicable to the Investor as a result of the Investor and the Company fulfilling their respective obligations or
exercising their respective rights under the Transaction Documents (as applicable), including, without limitation, as a result of the
Companys issuance of the Securities and the Investors ownership of the Securities.

Section
4.30. Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company or Subsidiary, nor to the Knowledge of the Company, any agent or other
Person acting on behalf of the Company, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment
or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company (or made by any Person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation
of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA).

20 

Section
4.31. Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times
in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act
of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or
similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or
any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened. 

Section
4.32. OFAC. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is currently subject to any sanctions administered by the
U.S. government, including the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) or
the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or the United Kingdom (including sanctions administered
or controlled by Her Majestys Treasury) (collectively, Sanctions and such persons, Sanctioned
Persons) or other relevant sanctions authority, and (ii) will use the proceeds of this offering, directly or indirectly,
to fund or facilitate the activities of any Sanctioned Persons or entity or any country, region or territory that is, at the time of
such funding or facilitation, subject to Sanctions or any person or entity located in a country, region or territory subject to Sanctions
(including any administered or enforced by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union,
or the United Kingdom (including sanctions administered or controlled by Her Majestys Treasury). Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, is a Person that is, or is 50% or more owned or otherwise controlled by a Person that is: (i) the subject of any Sanctions;
or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country, region or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions that
broadly prohibit dealings with that country, region or territory (including at the time of this agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria
and Crimea) (collectively, Sanctioned Countries and each, a Sanctioned Country).
The Company and its Subsidiaries have not engaged in any dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of Sanctioned Persons, or with
or in a Sanctioned Country, in the preceding three years, nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any plans to deal or transact
with Sanctioned Persons, or with or in Sanctioned Countries.

Section
4.33. Information Technology; Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. To the best of the Companys Knowledge and as previously
disclosed under Commission Documents, (i) there have been no material breaches or violations of (or unauthorized access to) the Company,
or the Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications
and databases (collectively, the IT Systems) or any personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential
or regulated data (collectively, Personal Data) processed or stored by or on behalf of the Company or the
Subsidiaries, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any regulator, nor are
there any pending internal investigations of the Company or the Subsidiaries relating to the same and (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries
are presently in compliance in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, statutes and regulations and contractual obligations relating
to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data.

21 

Section
4.34. No Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any of their predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director,
general partner executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner
of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter
(as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each,
an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in
Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification
Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company have exercised reasonable care to determine whether any
Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

Section
4.35. ERISA. Except as set forth in the Commission Documents, the Company is not a party to an employee benefit
plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA),
which: (i) is subject to Title IV of ERISA and (ii) is or was at any time maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or
any of its ERISA Affiliates (as defined hereafter). These plans are referred to collectively herein as the Employee Plans.
An ERISA Affiliate of any person or entity means any other person or entity which, together with that Person or entity,
could be treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. Each Employee Plan has been maintained in material
compliance with its terms and the requirements of Applicable Law. Except as set forth or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, there is no liability in respect of post-retirement health and medical benefits for retired employees of
the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, other than medical benefits required to be continued under Applicable Law. No prohibited
transaction (as defined in either Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) has occurred with respect to any Employee
Plan; and each Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified, and nothing has occurred,
whether by action or by failure to act, which could cause the loss of such qualification.

Section
4.36. No Other Similar Agreement. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents, other than the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, the Company is not a party to any agreement that is (or that contains any term, obligation or restriction that
is) in effect on the date hereof with any Person, other than the Investor, relating to any at the market offering, equity
line of credit or any other similar continuous offering in which the Company may offer, issue or sell Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents at a future determined price.

22 

Section
4.37. Acknowledgement Regarding Investors Acquisition of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the
Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms-length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of
the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection therewith is merely incidental to the Investors
acquisition of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated thereby by the
Company, respectively, and their respective representatives. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor has not made and does
not make any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than those
specifically set forth in Article IV.

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

The
Company covenants with the Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the
benefit of the other party during the Investment Period (and with respect to the Company for the period following the termination of
this Agreement specified in Section 8.3 pursuant to and in accordance with Section 8.3):

Section
5.1. Securities Compliance. The Company shall notify the Commission and the Trading Market, if and as applicable, in accordance
with their respective rules and regulations, of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and shall take all necessary
action, undertake all proceedings and obtain all registrations, permits, consents and approvals for the legal and valid issuance of the
Securities to the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, as applicable.

Section
5.2. Reservation of Common Stock. The Company has available and the Company shall reserve and keep available at all times,
free of preemptive and other similar rights of stockholders, sufficient shares of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to enable
the Company to timely effect the issuance, sale and delivery of Shares pursuant to this Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement the
Company has reserved, and as of the Commencement Date shall have continued to reserve, out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock,
sufficient shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose of effecting Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchases and Additional VWAP Purchases under
this Agreement. The number of shares of Common Stock so reserved for the purpose of issuing the Commitment Shares and effecting Fixed
Purchases, VWAP Purchases and Additional VWAP Purchases under this Agreement may be increased from time to time by the Company from and
after the Commencement Date, and such number of reserved shares may be reduced from and after the Commencement Date only by the number
of Shares actually issued, sold and delivered to the Investor pursuant to any Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase
effected from and after the Commencement Date pursuant to this Agreement.

23 

Section
5.3. Registration and Listing. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Common Stock to continue
to be registered as a class of securities under Sections 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and to comply with its reporting and filing obligations
under the Exchange Act, and shall not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act) to terminate or suspend such registration or to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act
or Securities Act, except as permitted herein. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing and
trading of its Common Stock and the listing of the Securities purchased by the Investor hereunder on the Trading Market and to comply
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. The Company shall
not take any action which could be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Trading Market.
If the Company receives any final and non-appealable notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market shall
be terminated on a date certain, the Company shall promptly (and in any case within 24 hours) notify the Investor of such fact in writing. 

Section
5.4. Compliance with Laws.

(i) During
the Investment Period, (a) the Company shall comply, and the Company shall cause each Subsidiary to comply, with all laws, rules, regulations
and orders applicable to the business and operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries, except as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect, and (b) the Company shall comply with all applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including Regulation
M thereunder, applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws, and applicable listing rules of the Trading Market or Eligible
Market, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prohibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of the Company to enter
into and perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect or for Investor to conduct resales of Securities under
the Registration Statement in any material respect. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Company, or any of the Subsidiaries,
nor to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors, officers, agents, employees or any other Persons acting on their
behalf shall, in connection with the operation of the respective businesses of the Company and the Subsidiaries, (1) use any corporate
funds for unlawful contributions, payments, gifts or entertainment or to make any unlawful expenditures relating to political activity
to government officials, candidates or members of political parties or organizations, (2) pay, accept or receive any unlawful contributions,
payments, expenditures or gifts, or (3) violate or operate in noncompliance with any export restrictions, anti-boycott regulations, embargo
regulations or other applicable domestic or foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the FCPA and the Money Laundering
Laws.

24 

(ii) The
Investor shall comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the performance by it of its obligations under this
Agreement and its investment in the Securities, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prohibit or otherwise interfere
with the ability of the Investor to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Investor shall comply with all applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including Regulation
M thereunder, and all applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws.

Section
5.5. Keeping of Records and Books of Account; Due Diligence.

(i) The
Investor and the Company shall each maintain records showing the remaining the remaining Total Purchase Commitment, the remaining Aggregate
Limit and the dates and Fixed Purchase Share Amount, VWAP Purchase Share Amount and Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount for each Fixed
Purchase, each VWAP Purchase and each Additional VWAP Purchase, respectively. 

(ii) The
Investor shall have the right, from time to time as the Investor may reasonably deem appropriate, and upon reasonable advance notice
to the Company, to perform reasonable due diligence on the Company during normal business hours; provided, however, that
after the Closing Date, the Investors continued due diligence of the Company shall not be a condition precedent to, or otherwise
impair, delay or modify in any respect, the Companys right to deliver to the Investor any Fixed Purchase Notice, any VWAP Purchase
Notice and any Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, or the Investors obligation to purchase the Shares subject thereto, pursuant to
this Agreement. The Company and its officers and employees shall provide information on a reasonably timely basis and otherwise reasonably
cooperate with the Investor in connection with any reasonable request by the Investor related to the Investors due diligence of
the Company. 

Section
5.6. No Frustration; Prohibition of Certain Issuances Before Settlement of Purchases; No Similar Transactions.

(i) No
Frustration. The Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to the Companys stockholders any agreement, plan,
arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or
right of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, including, without limitation,
the obligation of the Company to deliver (i) the Commitment Shares to the Investor or its designee not later than 4:00 p.m. (New York
, NY time) on the Effective Date in accordance with Section 9(ii) of this Agreement, (ii) the Shares to the Investor in respect of a
Fixed Purchase as DWAC Shares not later than 10:00 a.m., New York , NY time, on the Trading Day immediately following the applicable
Fixed Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement, (iii) the Shares to the Investor in respect
of a VWAP Purchase as DWAC Shares not later than 10:00 a.m., New York , NY time, on the Trading Day immediately following the applicable
VWAP Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase in accordance with Section 2.2 of this Agreement, and (iv) Shares to the Investor in respect
of an Additional VWAP Purchase as DWAC Shares not later than 10:00 a.m., New York , NY time, on the Trading Day immediately following
the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional VWAP Purchase in accordance with Section 2.3 of this Agreement. For
the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 5.6(i) shall in any way limit the Companys right to terminate this Agreement in
accordance with Section 7.2 (subject in all cases to Section 7.3).

25 

(ii) No
Dilutive Issuances During Reference Periods. Neither the Company nor or any Subsidiary shall issue, sell or grant any right,
option or warrant to purchase, or issue, sell or grant any right to reprice (or reset the purchase price therefor), or otherwise dispose
of for cash (or enter into any agreement, plan or arrangement contemplating any of the foregoing, or seek to utilize any existing agreement,
plan or arrangement to effect any of the foregoing), or announce any offer, issuance, sale or grant of any option or warrant to purchase
or other disposition for cash (or any agreement, plan or arrangement therefor), at any time during the following periods: (i) with respect
to each Fixed Purchase for which the Company has delivered to the Investor a Fixed Purchase Notice, the period beginning on the third
(3rd) Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Fixed Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase and ending on the third
(3rd) Trading Day next following the Trading Day on which the Investor has delivered to the Company the applicable total purchase
price for all of the Shares to be purchased by the Investor in such Fixed Purchase pursuant to Section 2.1, and (ii) with respect to
each VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase under this Agreement for which the Company has delivered to the Investor a VWAP Purchase
Notice and (if applicable) an Additional VWAP Purchase Notice, respectively, the period beginning on the third (3rd) Trading
Day immediately preceding the applicable VWAP Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase (and, with respect to each Additional VWAP Purchase
effected on the same Trading Day as such VWAP Purchase Date, the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date, if any, for such Additional
VWAP Purchase) and ending on the third (3rd) Trading Day next following the Trading Day on which the Investor has delivered
to the Company the applicable total purchase price for all of the Shares to be purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase, and the
applicable total purchase price of all of the Shares to be purchased by the Investor in such Additional VWAP Purchase(s), as applicable,
pursuant to Section 2.2 and Section 2.3 (each such period referred to in clause (i) and (ii) above, a Reference Period),
any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share of Common Stock less than the applicable Fixed Purchase
Price, VWAP Purchase Price or Additional VWAP Purchase Price (as applicable) per Share (such price, the Reference Price)
to be sold to the Investor in the applicable Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase (as applicable) to which such
Reference Period relates (each such issuance, a Dilutive Issuance), other than an Exempt Issuance (it being
understood and agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation
of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options
or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective
price per share of Common Stock that is less than the applicable Reference Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for
less than the applicable Reference Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance at such effective price) and the applicable Fixed Purchase
Price, VWAP Purchase Price or Additional VWAP Purchase Price (as applicable) shall be reduced to equal the Reference Price. If the Company
enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, the Company shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest
possible conversion or exercise price at which such securities may be converted or exercised. The Investor shall be entitled to seek
injunctive relief against the Company and the Subsidiaries to preclude any such Dilutive Issuance that does not constitute an Exempt
Issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required. 

(iii) Clearing
Date. If the lowest trade price for the Common Stock on the Clearing Date is lower than that at the time any Shares pursuant
to a Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase, or Additional VWAP Purchase are actually issued, then the price per share at which such Shares are
issued shall be adjusted such that the price per share at which such Shares are issued shall be calculated from the closing trade price
on the Clearing Date, and the Company shall issue additional Shares to Investor to reflect such adjusted price per Share. The adjustment
pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be calculated and applied on a cumulative basis with respect each Trading Day for which such
calculation is made pursuant to the preceding sentence, as applicable. The Investor shall provide written documentation evidencing the
information necessary for such calculation in the form reasonably satisfactory to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Clearing
Date shall be on the date on which any Shares pursuant to a Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase, or Additional VWAP Purchase are
deposited into Investors brokerage account and Investors broker has confirmed with Investor that the Investor may execute
trades of such Shares.

26 

(iv) No
Other Similar Transactions. From and after the date of this Agreement until the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
7 (the Similar Transaction Restricted Period), none of the Company or any Subsidiary shall issue, sell or
grant any, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or enter into any agreement, plan or arrangement contemplating any of the foregoing, or
seek to utilize any existing agreement, plan or arrangement to effect any of the foregoing), or announce any offer, issuance, sale or
grant or other disposition or issuance of (or any agreement, plan or arrangement therefor) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
(or a combination of units thereof) in any equity line of credit, at the market offering or other similar
continuous offering in which the Company may offer, issue or sell Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or any combination of units
thereof) at a variable price, other than (a) Securities issued to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement and any of the other Transaction
Documents or pursuant to any other agreement entered into by the Company and the Investor at any time after the date of this Agreement,
and (b) any securities of the Company issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents held by the Investor at any time (such similar transaction other than those referred to clauses (a) and (b) hereof, a Similar
Transaction). From and after the date immediately following the last day of the Similar Transaction Restricted Period,
the Company and/or any Subsidiary shall be permitted to enter into an agreement, plan or arrangement to effect a Similar Transaction
(and may publicly announce the same), and the Company and/or any Subsidiary shall be permitted to take all such actions necessary or
as contemplated thereby in order to satisfy any conditions required thereunder to be satisfied by the Company and/or any Subsidiary in
order to commence issuances and sales of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) thereunder, including,
without limitation, preparing and filing with the Commission one or more registration statements to register under the Securities Act
the offer, issuance and sale by the Company of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) thereunder,
or to register the resale by any Person or Persons of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) that
may be issued or sold by the Company and/or any Subsidiary to such Person or Persons thereunder; provided, however, that
none of the Company or Subsidiary may issue, sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or
a combination of units thereof) to or through any Person or Persons thereunder prior to the date of termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Section 7. The Investor shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against the Company and the Subsidiaries to preclude any such
issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required. 

Section
5.7. Corporate Existence. The Company shall take all steps necessary to preserve and continue the corporate existence of
the Company; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 5.8, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit
the Company from engaging in any Fundamental Transaction with another Person. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 5.7
shall in any way limit the Companys right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.2 (subject in all cases to
Section 7.3).

Section
5.8. Fundamental Transaction. If a Fixed Purchase Notice, a VWAP Purchase Notice or an Additional VWAP Purchase Notice
has been delivered by the Company to the Investor under Article II and the applicable Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP
Purchase, respectively, has or have not yet been fully settled in accordance with this Agreement (including, without limitation, the
delivery by the Investor to the Company of the applicable total purchase price for all of the Shares to be purchased by the Investor
in such Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase, respectively, as contemplated by Article II), the Company shall not
effect any Fundamental Transaction until the expiration of three (3) Trading Days following the Trading Day on which the Investor has
delivered to the Company the applicable total purchase price for all of the Shares to be purchased by the Investor in such Fixed Purchase,
VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase, respectively.

27 

Section
5.9. Selling Restrictions.

(i) Except
as expressly set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the Closing Date through and including the Trading Day next
following the expiration or termination of this Agreement (the Restricted Period), neither the Investor nor
any of its Affiliates nor any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the Restricted Persons
and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a Restricted Person) shall, directly or indirectly, (x)
engage in any Short Sales involving the Companys securities or (y) grant any option to purchase, or acquire any right to dispose
of or otherwise dispose for value of, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
any shares of Common Stock, or enter into any swap, hedge or other similar agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, the economic
risk of ownership of the Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein
shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true) prohibit any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period
from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO) the Securities; or (2) selling a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Shares that such Restricted Person is or may be obligated to purchase under
a pending Fixed Purchase Notice, a pending VWAP Purchase Notice or a pending Additional VWAP Purchase Notice but has not yet taken
possession of so long as such Restricted Person (or the Broker-Dealer, as applicable) delivers the Shares purchased pursuant to such
Fixed Purchase Notice, such VWAP Purchase Notice or such Additional VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) to the purchaser thereof or
the applicable Broker-Dealer upon such Restricted Persons receipt of such shares of Common Stock from the Company pursuant to
this Agreement.

(ii) In
addition to the foregoing, in connection with any sale of Securities (including any sale permitted by paragraph (i) above), the Investor
shall comply in all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, including, without limitation, the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

Section
5.10. Effective Registration Statement. During the Investment Period, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the continuous effectiveness of the each Registration Statement filed with the Commission under the Securities Act
for the applicable Registration Period pursuant to and in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section
5.11. Blue Sky. The Company shall take such action, if any, as is necessary by the Company in order to obtain an exemption
for or to qualify the Securities for sale by the Company to the Investor pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and at the request of
the Investor, the subsequent resale of Registrable Securities by the Investor, in each case, under applicable state securities or Blue
Sky laws and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Investor from time to time following the Closing Date;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify
to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 5.11, (y) subject itself
to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

28 

Section
5.12. Non-Public Information. None of the Company or of the Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers,
employees or agents shall disclose any material non-public information about the Company or the Subsidiaries to the Investor, unless
a simultaneous public announcement thereof is made by the Company in the manner contemplated by Regulation FD. In the event of a breach
of the foregoing covenant by the Company or of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents
(as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor), (i) the Investor shall promptly provide written notice of such
breach to the Company and (ii) after such notice has been provided to the Company and, provided that the Company shall have failed to
publicly disclose such material, non-public information within 24 hours following demand therefor by the Investor, in addition to any
other remedy provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents, the Investor shall have the right to make a public disclosure, in
the form of a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such material, non-public information without the prior approval by
the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents. The Investor shall not have
any liability to the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents,
for any such disclosure.

Section
5.13. Broker/Dealer. The Investor shall use one or more broker-dealers to effectuate all sales, if any, of the Shares that
it may purchase or otherwise acquire from the Company pursuant to the Transaction Documents, as applicable, which (or whom) shall be
unaffiliated with the Investor and not then currently engaged or used by the Company, and a DTC participant (collectively, the Broker-Dealer).
The Investor shall, from time to time, provide the Company and the Transfer Agent with all information regarding the Broker-Dealer reasonably
requested by the Company. The Investor shall be solely responsible for all fees and commissions of the Broker-Dealer, which shall not
exceed customary brokerage fees and commissions and shall be responsible for designating only a DTC participant eligible to receive DWAC
Shares.

Section
5.14. Disclosure Schedules.

(i) The
Company may, from time to time, update the Disclosure Schedules as may be required to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(i)
and Section 6.3 (to the extent such condition set forth in Section 6.3 relates to the condition in Section 6.2(i) as of a specific Notice
Delivery Time). For purposes of this Section 5.14, any disclosure made in a schedule to the Compliance Certificate shall be deemed to
be an update of the Disclosure Schedule. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no update to the Disclosure Schedule
pursuant to this Section 5.14 shall cure any breach of a representation or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement and made
prior to the update and shall not affect any of the Investors rights or remedies with respect thereto.

29 

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in the Disclosure Schedule or in this Agreement, the information and disclosure contained in any Schedule
of the Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to be disclosed and incorporated by reference in any other Schedule of the Disclosure Schedule
as though fully set forth in such Schedule for which applicability of such information and disclosure is reasonably apparent. The fact
that any item of information is disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule shall not be construed to mean that such information is required
to be disclosed by this Agreement. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, such information and the thresholds (whether based
on quantity, qualitative characterization, dollar amounts or otherwise) set forth herein shall not be used as a basis for interpreting
the terms material or Material Adverse Effect or other similar terms in this Agreement.

Section
5.15. Delivery of Bring Down Opinions and Compliance Certificates Upon Occurrence of Certain Events. Within three (3) Trading
Days immediately following the (i) filing of (A) a post-effective amendment to the Prospectus Supplement required to be filed by the
Company with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (B) a New Registration Statement required to be filed by the
Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement, or (C) a post-effective amendment to a New
Registration Statement required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement,
in each case with respect to a fiscal year ending after the Commencement Date, to register the resale of Securities by the Investor under
the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, and (ii) the date the Company files with the Commission
(A) a Prospectus Supplement to the Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, (B) an annual report
on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act with respect to a fiscal year ending after the Commencement Date, (C) an amendment on Form 10-K/A
to an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act with respect to a fiscal year ending after the Commencement Date, which contains
amended material financial information (or a restatement of material financial information) or an amendment to other material information
contained in a previously filed Form 10-K, and (D) a Commission Document under the Exchange Act (other than those referred to in clauses
(ii)(A) and (ii)(B) of this Section 5.15), which contains amended material financial information (or a restatement of material financial
information) or an amendment to other material information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, or the
Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement contained in the Registration Statement (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the filing
by the Company with the Commission of a quarterly report on Form 10-Q that includes only updated financial information as of the end
of the Companys most recent fiscal quarter shall not, in and of itself, constitute an amendment or restatement
for purposes of clause (ii) of this Section 5.15), in each case of this clause (ii) if the Company is not also then required under the
Securities Act to file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a post-effective amendment to any New Registration
Statement, in each case with respect to a fiscal year ending after the Commencement Date, to register the resale of Securities by the
Investor under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, and in any case of this clause (ii),
not more than once per calendar quarter, the Company shall (I) deliver to the Investor a Compliance Certificate, dated such date, and
(II) cause to be furnished to the Investor an opinion bring down from outside counsel to the Company substantially in the
form mutually agreed to by the Company and the Investor prior to the date of this Agreement, modified, as necessary, to relate to such
Registration Statement or post-effective amendment, or the Prospectus contained therein as then amended or supplemented by such Prospectus
Supplement, as applicable (each such opinion, a Bring Down Opinion).

30 

Section
5.16. DTC Chill. If the Common stock is chilled for deposit at DTC, becomes chilled or other trading restrictions at any
point while this Agreement remains outstanding, an additional 10% discount will be attributed to the price per Share at which each Fixed
Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase is made and the Investor shall be entitled to deduct from such payment for the Shares
an amount equal to $1,500 for each Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase and Additional VWAP Purchase to cover costs associated with the deposit
of chilled or otherwise trade restricted stocks for each issuance.

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING AND CONDITIONS TO THE SALE AND

PURCHASE OF THE SHARES

Section
6.1. Conditions Precedent to Closing. The Closing is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth in
this Section 6.1 on the Closing Date.

(i) Accuracy
of the Investors Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Investor contained in this
Agreement (a) that are not qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing
Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such other date and (b) that are qualified by materiality
shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in
which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such other date.

(ii) Accuracy
of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
(a) that are not qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such other date and (b) that are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date, except to the
extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and
correct as of such other date.

31 

(iii) Reserved.

(iv) Closing
Deliverables. At the Closing, counterpart signature pages of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement executed by
each of the parties hereto shall be delivered as provided in Section 1.2. Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement, the Investors counsel shall have received the closing certificate from the Company, dated
as of the Closing Date, in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

Section
6.2. Conditions Precedent to Commencement. The right of the Company to commence delivering Fixed Purchase Notices, VWAP
Purchase Notices and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices under this Agreement, and the obligation of the Investor to accept Fixed Purchase
Notices, VWAP Purchase Notices and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices delivered to the Investor by the Company under this Agreement, are
subject to the initial satisfaction, at the time of Commencement, of each of the conditions set forth in this Section 6.2.

(i) Accuracy
of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
(a) that are not qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall have been true and correct in
all material respects when made and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Commencement Date with the same force
and effect as if made on such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such other date and (b) that are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall have been true and correct when made and shall be true and
correct as of the Commencement Date with the same force and effect as if made on such date, except to the extent such representations
and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such other
date.

(ii) Performance
of the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company
at or prior to the Commencement. The Company shall deliver to the Investor on the Commencement Date the compliance certificate substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Compliance Certificate).

32 

(iii) No
Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (a) receipt of any request by the Commission
or any other federal or state governmental authority for any additional information relating to the Prospectus Supplement, or the Prospectus
contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, or for any amendment of or supplement to the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus
contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto; (b) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental
authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Prospectus Supplement or prohibiting or suspending the use of the Prospectus
contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, or of the suspension of qualification or exemption from qualification of the
Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose;
or (c) the occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition or state of facts, which makes any statement of a material fact
made in the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto untrue or which requires the
making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus contained therein or any
Prospectus Supplement thereto in order to state a material fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements then made therein (in the case of the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading, or which requires an amendment to the Prospectus Supplement or a supplement to the Prospectus contained
therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto to comply with the Securities Act or any other law. The Company shall not have any Knowledge
of any event that would reasonably be expected to have the effect of causing the suspension of the effectiveness of the Prospectus Supplement
or the prohibition or suspension of the use of the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto in connection with
the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor.

(iv) Other
Commission Filings. The Current Report shall have been filed with the Commission as required pursuant to Section 1.3. The
final Prospectus included in any post-effective amendment to the Prospectus Supplement, and any Prospectus Supplement thereto,
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 1.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement after the
Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Fixed Purchase Date and the applicable VWAP Purchase Date and Additional VWAP Purchase
Date (as applicable), shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 1.3 and the Registration Rights
Agreement. The final Prospectus included in any New Registration Statement and in any post-effective amendment thereto, and any
Prospectus Supplement thereto, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 1.3 and the Registration
Rights Agreement after the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Fixed Purchase Date and the applicable VWAP Purchase Date
and Additional VWAP Purchase Date (as applicable), shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 1.3 and the
Registration Rights Agreement. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to
have been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including all
material required to have been filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, after the Commencement Date and prior
to the applicable Fixed Purchase Date and the applicable VWAP Purchase Date and Additional VWAP Purchase Date (as applicable), shall
have been filed with the Commission and, if any Registrable Securities are covered by a Registration Statement on Form S-3, such
filings shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing under the Exchange Act.

33 

(v) No
Suspension of Trading in or Notice of Delisting of Common Stock. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by
the Commission, the Trading Market or FINRA (except for any suspension of trading of limited duration agreed to by the Company, which
suspension shall be terminated prior to the Commencement Date), the Company shall not have received any final and non-appealable notice
that the listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market shall be terminated on a date certain (unless, prior to such date certain,
the Common Stock is listed on any other Eligible Market), nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on, accepting
additional deposits of the Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock that is continuing,
the Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits
of the Common Stock, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock is being imposed or is contemplated
(unless, prior to such suspension or restriction, DTC shall have notified the Company in writing that DTC has determined not to impose
any such suspension or restriction).

(vi) Compliance
with Laws. The Company shall have complied in all material respects with all applicable federal, state and local governmental
laws, rules, regulations and ordinances in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation,
the Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable state securities or Blue Sky
laws for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Investor and the subsequent resale of the Registrable Securities
by the Investor (or shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom).

(vii) No
Injunction. No statute, regulation, order, decree, writ, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated,
threatened or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of, or which
would materially modify or delay any of the transactions contemplated by, the Transaction Documents.

(viii) No
Proceedings or Litigation. No action, suit or proceeding before any arbitrator or any court or governmental authority shall have
been commenced, and no inquiry or investigation by any governmental authority shall have been commenced, against the Company, or any
of the officers, directors or Affiliates of the Company, seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, or seeking material damages in connection with such transactions.

(ix) Listing
of Securities. All of the Securities that have been and may be issued pursuant to this Agreement shall have been approved for
listing or quotation on the Trading Market as of the Commencement Date, subject only to notice of issuance.

(x) No
Material Adverse Effect. No condition, occurrence, state of facts or event constituting a Material Adverse Effect shall have
occurred and be continuing.

34 

(xi) No
Bankruptcy Proceedings. No Person shall have commenced a proceeding against the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of
any Bankruptcy Law. The Company shall not have, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (a) commenced a voluntary case,
(b) consented to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (c) consented to the appointment of a Custodian
of the Company for all or substantially all of the Companys property, or (d) made a general assignment for the benefit of its
creditors. A court of competent jurisdiction shall not have entered an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (I) is for relief
against the Company in an involuntary case, (II) appoints a Custodian of the Company for all or substantially all of the Companys
property, or (III) orders the liquidation of the Company or of the Subsidiaries.

(xii) Reserved.

(xiii) Delivery
of Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions and Notice of Effectiveness. The Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions shall have been executed by the Company and delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Transfer Agent, and the Notice
of Effectiveness relating to the Registration Statement shall have been executed by the Companys outside counsel and delivered
to the Transfer Agent.

(xiv) Reservation
of Shares. As of the Commencement Date, the Company shall have reserved out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, sufficient
shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose of effecting Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchases, and Additional VWAP Purchases under this
Agreement.

(xv) Opinions
of Company Counsel. On the Commencement Date, the Investor shall have received the opinion and negative assurances from outside
counsel to the Company, dated the Commencement Date, in the forms mutually agreed to by the Company and the Investor prior to the date
of this Agreement.

35 

Section
6.3. Conditions Precedent to Purchases by Investor. The right of the Company to deliver Fixed Purchase Notices, VWAP Purchase
Notices and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices under this Agreement after the Commencement Date, and the obligation of the Investor to
accept Fixed Purchase Notices, VWAP Purchase Notices and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices under this Agreement after the Commencement
Date, are subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth in this Section 6.3: (i) with respect to each Fixed Purchase
after the Commencement Date, at the time of delivery of the applicable Fixed Purchase Notice to the Investor on the applicable Fixed
Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase, (ii) with respect to each VWAP Purchase after the Commencement Date, (A) at the time of delivery
of the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice to the Investor and (B) immediately prior to the applicable VWAP Purchase Commencement Time on
the applicable VWAP Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase, and (iii) with respect to each Additional VWAP Purchase after the Commencement
Date, (A) at the time of delivery of the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Notice to the Investor and (B) immediately prior to the
applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Commencement Time on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional VWAP Purchase
(each such time referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, a Notice Delivery Time). 

(i) Satisfaction
of Certain Prior Conditions. Each of the conditions set forth in subsections (i), (ii), and (vii) through (xv) set forth in Section
6.2 shall be satisfied at the applicable Notice Delivery Time after the Commencement Date (with the terms Commencement
and Commencement Date in the conditions set forth in subsections (i) and (ii) of Section 6.2 replaced with applicable
Notice Delivery Time); provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to deliver the Compliance Certificate
after the Commencement Date, except as provided in Section 5.1 and Section 6.2(ii).

(ii) Any
Required New Registration Statement Effective. Any New Registration Statement covering the resale by the Investor of the Registrable
Securities, included therein, and any post-effective amendment thereto, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant
to the Registration Rights Agreement after the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Fixed Purchase Date, the applicable VWAP
Purchase Date and the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date (as applicable), in each case shall have been declared effective under
the Securities Act by the Commission and shall remain effective for the applicable Registration Period, and the Investor shall be permitted
to utilize the Prospectus therein, and any Prospectus Supplement thereto, to resell (a) all of the then-issued Commitment Shares (if
any) included in such New Registration Statement, and any post-effective amendment thereto, (b) all of the Shares included in such New
Registration Statement, and any post-effective amendment thereto, that have been issued and sold to the Investor hereunder pursuant to
all Fixed Purchase Notices, all VWAP Purchase Notices and all Additional VWAP Purchase Notices (as applicable) delivered by the Company
to the Investor prior to such applicable Fixed Purchase Date, such applicable VWAP Purchase Date, and such applicable Additional VWAP
Purchase Date, respectively, and (c) all of the Shares included in such new Registration Statement, and any post-effective amendment
thereto, that are issuable pursuant to the applicable Fixed Purchase Notice, the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice, and the applicable
Additional VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) delivered by the Company to the Investor with respect to a Fixed Purchase, a VWAP Purchase,
and an Additional VWAP Purchase, respectively, to be effected hereunder on such applicable Fixed Purchase Date, such applicable VWAP
Purchase Date, and such Additional VWAP Purchase Date, respectively.

36 

(iii) Delivery
of Subsequent Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions and Notice of Effectiveness. With respect to any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment to any Registration Statement, in each case declared effective by the Commission
after the Commencement Date, the Company shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to the Transfer Agent (a) irrevocable instructions
in the form substantially similar to the Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions executed by the Company and acknowledged
in writing by the Transfer Agent and (b) the Notice of Effectiveness, in each case modified as necessary to refer to such Registration
Statement or post-effective amendment and the Registrable Securities included therein, to issue the Registrable Securities included therein
as DWAC Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

(iv) No
Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (a) receipt of any request by the Commission
or any other federal or state governmental authority for any additional information relating to the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto, or any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus contained in any of the
foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto; (b) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or prohibiting
or suspending the use of the Prospectus contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto, or of the suspension
of qualification or exemption from qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or contemplated
initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; or (c) the occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition or state of facts,
which makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus
contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes
to the statements then made in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus contained in any
of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto in order to state a material fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of the Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or which requires an amendment or any post-effective amendment thereto,
any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus
Supplement thereto to comply with the Securities Act or any other law (other than the transactions contemplated by the applicable Fixed
Purchase Notice, the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice, and the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) delivered by
the Company to the Investor with respect to a Fixed Purchase, a VWAP Purchase, and an Additional VWAP Purchase, respectively, to be effected
hereunder on such applicable Fixed Purchase Date, such applicable VWAP Purchase Date, and such applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date,
respectively, and the settlement thereof). The Company shall not have any Knowledge of any event that would reasonably be expected to
have the effect of causing the suspension of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto,
or the prohibition or suspension of the use of the Prospectus contained in any of the foregoing or any Prospectus Supplement thereto
in connection with the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Investor.

37 

(v) Other
Commission Filings. The final Prospectus included in any post-effective amendment to any Prospectus required to be filed by
the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 1.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement after the Commencement Date and prior
to the applicable Fixed Purchase Date and the applicable VWAP Purchase Date and Additional VWAP Purchase Date (as applicable), shall
have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 1.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement. The final Prospectus
included in any New Registration Statement and in any post-effective amendment thereto, and any Prospectus Supplement thereto,
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 1.3 and the Registration Rights Agreement after the
Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Fixed Purchase Date and the applicable VWAP Purchase Date and Additional VWAP Purchase
Date (as applicable), shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Section 1.3 and the Registration Rights
Agreement. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by
the Company with the Commission pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including all material required to have
been filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, after the Commencement Date and prior to the applicable Fixed
Purchase Date and the applicable VWAP Purchase Date and Additional VWAP Purchase Date (as applicable), shall have been filed with
the Commission and, if any Registrable Securities are covered by a Registration Statement on Form S-3, such filings shall have been
made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing under the Exchange Act.

(vi) No
Suspension of Trading in or Notice of Delisting of Common Stock. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by
the Commission, the Trading Market or FINRA (except for any suspension of trading of limited duration agreed to by the Company, which
suspension shall be terminated prior to the applicable Fixed Purchase Date, VWAP Purchase Date or Additional VWAP Purchase Date, as applicable),
the Company shall not have received any final and non-appealable notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market shall be terminated on a date certain (unless, prior to such date certain, the Common Stock is listed or quoted on any other Eligible
Market), nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Stock, electronic
trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock that is continuing, the Company shall not have received any notice
from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Stock, electronic trading
or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Stock is being imposed or is contemplated (unless, prior to such suspension
or restriction, DTC shall have notified the Company in writing that DTC has determined not to impose any such suspension or restriction).

38 

(vii) Certain
Limitations. The issuance and sale of the Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Fixed Purchase Notice, applicable VWAP Purchase
Notice, and applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) shall not (a) exceed the applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount,
the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount and the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount, respectively, or (b) cause the
Aggregate Limit or the Beneficial Ownership Limitation to be exceeded. 

(viii) Shares
Authorized and Delivered. All of the Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Fixed Purchase Notice, the applicable VWAP Purchase
Notice, and the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable) shall have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action of the Company. All Shares relating to all prior Fixed Purchase Notices, VWAP Purchase Notices, and Additional VWAP Purchase Notices
required to have been received by the Investor as DWAC Shares under this Agreement prior to the applicable Notice Delivery Time for the
applicable Fixed Purchase, applicable VWAP Purchase and applicable Additional VWAP Purchase (as applicable) shall have been delivered
to the Investor as DWAC Shares in accordance with this Agreement.

(ix) Bring
Down Opinions of Company Counsel. The Investor shall have received (a) all Bring Down Opinions from outside counsel to the Company
for which the Company was obligated to instruct their outside counsel to deliver to the Investor prior to the applicable Notice Delivery
Time for the applicable Fixed Purchase, applicable VWAP Purchase, and applicable Additional VWAP Purchase (as applicable) and (b) all
Compliance Certificates from the Company that the Company was obligated to deliver to the Investor prior to the applicable Notice Delivery
Time for the applicable Fixed Purchase, applicable VWAP Purchase and applicable Additional VWAP Purchase (as applicable), in each case
in accordance with Section 5.15.

ARTICLE VII

TERMINATION

Section
7.1. Automatic Termination; Termination by Consent. Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall
terminate automatically, without any further action or notice by any Person, on the earliest to occur of (i) the expiration of the Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 415(a)(5) of the Securities Act, (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased the Aggregate Limit
of Shares pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) the date on which the Common Stock shall have failed to be listed or quoted on the Trading
Market or any Eligible Market, (iv) the thirtieth (30th) Trading Day next following the date on which, pursuant to or within
the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, in
each case that is not discharged or dismissed prior to such thirtieth (30th) Trading Day, and (v) the date on which, pursuant
to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property,
or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors. Subject to Section 7.3, this Agreement may be terminated
at any time by the mutual written consent of the parties, effective as of the date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided
in such written consent.

39 

Section
7.2. Other Termination. Subject to Section 7.3, the Company may terminate this Agreement after the Commencement Date effective
upon one (1) Trading Days prior written notice to the Investor in accordance with Section 9.4; provided, however,
that (i) the Company shall have issued all applicable Commitment Shares to the Investor and shall have paid all fees and amounts to the
Investors counsel required to be paid pursuant to Section 9.1 of this Agreement prior to such termination, and (ii) prior to issuing
any press release, or making any public statement or announcement, with respect to such termination, the Company shall consult with the
Investor and its counsel on the form and substance of such press release or other disclosure, which consent shall not be unreasonably
delayed or withheld. Subject to Section 7.3, this Agreement may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the parties,
effective as of the date of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent. Subject to Section 7.3, the
Investor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon ten (10) Trading Days prior written notice to the Company
in accordance with Section 9.4, if: (a) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event constituting a Material Adverse Effect has
occurred and is continuing; (b) a Fundamental Transaction shall have occurred; (c) the Registration Statement is not filed by the applicable
Filing Deadline therefor or declared effective by the Commission by the applicable Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) therefor, or the Company is otherwise in breach or default in any material respect under any of the other provisions
of the Registration Rights Agreement, and, if such failure, breach or default is capable of being cured, such failure, breach or default
is not cured within 10 Trading Days after notice of such failure, breach or default is delivered to the Company pursuant to Section 9.4;
(d) while a Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto, is required to be maintained effective pursuant to the terms
of the Registration Rights Agreement and the Investor holds any Registrable Securities, the effectiveness of such Registration Statement,
or any post-effective amendment thereto, lapses for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order by the Commission)
or such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, the Prospectus contained therein or any Prospectus Supplement
thereto otherwise becomes unavailable to the Investor for the resale of all of the Registrable Securities included therein in accordance
with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, and such lapse or unavailability continues for a period of 20 consecutive Trading
Days, other than due to acts of the Investor; (e) trading in the Common Stock on the Trading Market (or if the Common Stock is then listed
on an Eligible Market, trading in the Common Stock on such Eligible Market) shall have been suspended and such suspension continues for
a period of three (3) consecutive Trading Days; or (f) the Company is in material breach or default of this Agreement, and, if such breach
or default is capable of being cured, such breach or default is not cured within 10 Trading Days after notice of such breach or default
is delivered to the Company (as applicable) pursuant to Section 9.4. Unless notification thereof is required elsewhere in this Agreement
(in which case such notification shall be provided in accordance with such other provision), the Company shall promptly (but in no event
later than 24 hours) notify the Investor (and, if required under Applicable Law, including, without limitation, Regulation FD promulgated
by the Commission, or under the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market (or if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible
Market, the rules and regulations of such Eligible Market), the Company shall publicly disclose such information in accordance with Regulation
FD and the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market, or the applicable rules and regulations of such Eligible Market, as
applicable) upon becoming aware of any of the events set forth in the immediately preceding sentence.

40 

Section
7.3. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor (other than by mutual termination)
pursuant to Section 7.2, written notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other party as provided in Section 9.4 and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be terminated without further action by either party. If this Agreement is terminated as provided
in Section 7.1 or Section 7.2, this Agreement shall become void and of no further force and effect, except that (i) the provisions of
Article IV (Representations and Warranties of the Company), Article VIII (Indemnification), Article IX (Miscellaneous) and this Article
VII (Termination) shall remain in full force and effect indefinitely notwithstanding such termination and (ii) so long as the Investor
owns any Securities, the covenants and agreements of the Company contained in Article V (Covenants) shall remain in full force and effect
for a period of six (6) months following such termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no termination
of this Agreement by any party shall (i) become effective prior to the first Trading Day immediately following the settlement date related
to any pending Fixed Purchase Notice, any pending VWAP Purchase Notice, or any pending Additional VWAP Purchase Notice (as applicable)
that has not been fully settled in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed
that no termination of this Agreement shall limit, alter, modify, change or otherwise affect any of the parties respective rights
or obligations under the Transaction Documents with respect to any pending Fixed Purchase, pending VWAP Purchase, and pending Additional
VWAP Purchase (as applicable), and that the parties shall fully perform their respective obligations with respect to any such pending
Fixed Purchase, any such pending VWAP Purchase, and any such pending Additional VWAP Purchase (as applicable) under the Transaction Documents,
provided all of the conditions to the settlement thereof set forth in Article VI are timely satisfied), (ii) limit, alter, modify,
change or otherwise affect the parties respective rights or obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, all of which
shall survive any such termination, (iii) affect the Investor Expense Reimbursement paid to the Investor, all of which shall be non-refundable
when paid as of the Closing Date pursuant to Section 9.1(i), regardless of whether any Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchases, or Additional
VWAP Purchases are made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement, or (iv) affect any Commitment Shares previously
issued or delivered, or any rights of any holder thereof, it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that all of the Commitment Shares shall
be fully earned as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether any Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchases or Additional VWAP Purchases are made
or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 7.3 shall be deemed to release the Company
or the Investor from any liability for any breach or default under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, or to impair the respective rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other party of
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

41 

ARTICLE VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section
8.1. Indemnification of Investor. In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and
acquiring the Securities hereunder and in addition to all of the other respective obligations of the Company under the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, subject to the provisions of this Section 8.1, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, each
of its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, representatives, agents and advisors (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title), each Person,
if any, who controls the Investor (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act), and
the respective directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, representatives, agents and advisors (and any other Persons
with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) of such
controlling Persons (each, an Investor Party), from and against all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims,
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses (including all judgments, amounts paid in settlement, court costs, reasonable attorneys
fees and costs of defense and investigation) (collectively, Damages) that any Investor Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or (b) any action, suit, claim or proceeding (including
for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) instituted against such Investor Party arising out of or resulting
from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the Transaction Documents, other than claims for indemnification within the
scope of Section 6 of the Registration Rights Agreement; provided, however, that (x) the foregoing indemnity shall not
apply to any Damages to the extent, but only to the extent, that such Damages resulted directly and primarily from any acts or failures
to act, undertaken or omitted to be taken by such Investor Party through its fraud, bad faith, gross negligence, or willful or reckless
misconduct.

The
Company shall reimburse any Investor Party promptly upon demand (with accompanying presentation of documentary evidence) for all legal
and other costs and expenses reasonably incurred by such Investor Party in connection with (i) any action, suit, claim or proceeding,
whether at law or in equity, to enforce compliance by the Company with any provision of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
or (ii) any other any action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether at law or in equity, with respect to which it is entitled to indemnification
under this Section 8.1; provided that the Investor shall promptly reimburse the Company for all such legal and other costs and
expenses to the extent a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any Investor Party was not entitled to such reimbursement. 

An
Investor Partys right to indemnification or other remedies based upon the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
of the Company set forth in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall not in any way be affected by any investigation or
knowledge of such Investor Party. Such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements shall not be affected or deemed waived by
reason of the fact that an Investor Party knew or should have known that any representation or warranty might be inaccurate or that the
Company failed to comply with any agreement or covenant. Any investigation by such Investor Party shall be for its own protection only
and shall not affect or impair any right or remedy hereunder.

To
the extent that the foregoing joint and several undertakings by the Company set forth in this Section 8.1 may be unenforceable for any
reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Damages which is permissible under
Applicable Law.

42 

Section
8.2. Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after an Investor Party receives notice of a claim or the commencement of an
action for which the Investor Party intends to seek indemnification under Section 8.1, the Investor Party will notify the Company in
writing of the claim or commencement of the action, suit or proceeding; provided, however, that failure to notify the Company
will not relieve the Company from liability under Section 8.1, except to the extent it has been materially prejudiced by the failure
to give notice. The Company will be entitled to participate in the defense of any claim, action, suit or proceeding as to which indemnification
is being sought, and if the Company acknowledges in writing the obligation to indemnify the Investor Party against whom the claim or
action is brought, the Company may (but will not be required to) assume the defense against the claim, action, suit or proceeding with
counsel satisfactory to it. After the Company notifies the Investor Party that the Company wishes to assume the defense of a claim, action,
suit or proceeding, the Company will not be liable for any further legal or other expenses incurred by the Investor Party in connection
with the defense against the claim, action, suit or proceeding except that if, in the opinion of litigation counsel to the Company, it
would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and
such Investor Party. In such event, the Company will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel for all
such Investor Parties promptly as such fees and expenses are incurred. Each Investor Party, as a condition to receiving indemnification
as provided in Section 8.1, will cooperate in all reasonable respects with the Company in the defense of any action or claim as to which
indemnification is sought. The Company will not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its prior written consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. The Company will not, without the prior written consent of
the Investor Party, effect any settlement of a pending or threatened action with respect to which an Investor Party is, or is informed
that it may be, made a party and for which it would be entitled to indemnification, unless the settlement includes an unconditional release
of the Investor Party from all liability and claims which are the subject matter of the pending or threatened action.

The
remedies provided for in this Article VIII are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available
to any Investor Party at law or in equity.

43 

ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
9.1. Certain Fees and Expenses; Commitment Shares; Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions.

(i) Certain
Fees and Expenses. Each party shall bear its own fees and expenses related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
provided, however, that immediately following the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall pay, by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Investor, an amount equal to $25,000 to be applied against the Investors
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the legal fees and disbursements of the Investors legal counsel, incurred by the
Investor in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Investor and its
due diligence investigation of the Company (such amount, the Investor Expense Reimbursement). For the avoidance
of doubt, the Investor Expense Reimbursement, shall be non-refundable when paid as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether any Fixed
Purchases, VWAP Purchases or Additional VWAP Purchases are made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.
The Company shall pay all U.S. federal, state and local stamp and other similar transfer and other taxes and duties levied in connection
with issuance of the Securities pursuant hereto.

(ii) Commitment
Shares. The Investor acknowledges that the Company issued the Commitment Shares to the Investor on December 31, 2024. The Commitment
Shares shall be included in the Registration Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Commitment Shares shall be fully earned
as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether any Fixed Purchases or VWAP Purchases are effected hereunder and regardless of any subsequent
termination of this Agreement. The Commitment Shares shall constitute Registrable Securities and shall be included in the Registration
Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, in each case in accordance with this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

44 

(iii) Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions; Notice of Effectiveness. On the Commencement Date, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to
credit the Investors or its designees account at DTC as DWAC Shares such number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
number of Commitment Shares issued to the Investor pursuant to Section 9.1(ii). The Company shall take all actions to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions,
consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Transfer Agent, and any successor transfer agent of the Company, as may be
requested from time to time by the Investor or necessary or desirable to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of the immediately
preceding sentence. Upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Transfer
Agent (and thereafter, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to any subsequent transfer agent of the Company), (i) irrevocable instructions
executed by the Company and acknowledged in writing by the Transfer Agent (the Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions)
and (ii) the notice of effectiveness in the form attached as an exhibit to the Registration Rights Agreement (the Notice
of Effectiveness), in each case directing the Transfer Agent to issue to the Investor or its designee all of the Commitment
Shares as DWAC Shares in accordance with this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. With respect to any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment to any New Registration Statement, in each case declared effective by the
Commission after the Commencement Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Transfer Agent (and thereafter, shall
deliver or cause to be delivered to any subsequent transfer agent of the Company) (i) irrevocable instructions in the form substantially
similar to the Commencement Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions executed by the Company and acknowledged in writing by the Transfer
Agent and (ii) the Notice of Effectiveness, in each case modified as necessary to refer to such Registration Statement or post-effective
amendment and the Registrable Securities included therein. For the avoidance of doubt, all Shares to be issued from and after Commencement
to or for the benefit of the Investor pursuant to this Agreement shall be issued to the Investor or its designee only as DWAC Shares.
The Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, while this Agreement is effective, no instruction other than those referred
to in this Section 9.1(iii) will be given by the Company to the Transfer Agent, or any successor transfer agent of the Company, with
respect to the Shares from and after Commencement, and the Shares and the Commitment Shares (as applicable) covered by any New Registration
Statement or post-effective amendment thereof, as applicable, shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the
Company and no stop transfer instructions shall be maintained against the transfer thereof. The Company agrees that if the Company fails
to fully comply with the provisions of this Section 9.1(iii) within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the Investor has provided
the deliverables referred to above that the Investor is required to provide to the Company or the Transfer Agent, the Company shall,
at the Investors written instruction, purchase from the Investor all shares of Common Stock purchased or acquired by the Investor
pursuant to this Agreement that contain restrictive legends at the greater of (i) the purchase price paid for such shares of Common Stock
(as applicable) and (ii) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the date of the Investors written instruction.

45 

Section
9.2. Specific Enforcement, Consent to Jurisdiction, Waiver of Jury Trial.

(i) The
Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the Company, on
the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand, shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the
provisions of this Agreement by the other party and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the necessity of
showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy to which either
party may be entitled by law or equity. 

(ii) Each
of the Company and the Investor (a) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of New York and the Supreme Court of New York County, New York for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, and (b) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of such court, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue
of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each of the Company and the Investor consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding in accordance with Section 9.4. Nothing in this Section 9.2 shall affect or limit any right to serve process in
any other manner permitted by law.

(iii) EACH
OF THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISPUTES RELATING HERETO. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR
ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.2.

46 

Section
9.3. Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and understandings between the parties,
both oral and written, with respect to such matters. There are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by either party
relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents. The Disclosure Schedule and all exhibits to this
Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference in, and made a part of, this Agreement as if set forth in full herein.

Section
9.4. Notices. Any notice, demand, request, waiver or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be effective (a) upon hand delivery or electronic mail delivery at the address or number designated below (if
delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such
delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second
business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt
of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The address for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Company:

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. 

755
Main Street, Building 4, Suite 3 

Monroe,
Connecticut 06468 

Attention:
Christopher Moe 

Email:
CMoe@makeabeeline.com

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Nason,
Yeager, Gerson, Harris & Fumero, P.A. 

3001
PGA Boulevard, Suite 305 

Palm
Beach Gardens, FL, 33410 

Attention:
Michael Harris, Esq. 

E-mail:
mharris@nasonyeager.com

If
to the Investor:

C/M
Capital Master Fund LP 

1111
Brickell Avenue, Suite 2920 

Miami,
Florida 33131

Telephone
Number: 

Email: 

Attention:

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Pryor
Cashman LLP 

7
Times Square 

New
York, NY 10036 

Attention:
M. Ali Panjwani, Esq.

Either
party hereto may from time to time change its address for notices by giving at least five (5) days advance written notice of such
changed address to the other party hereto.

47 

Section
9.5. Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading
Day immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence,
no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such
waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor
shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercises thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege.

Section
9.6. Amendments. No provision of this Agreement may be amended by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading
Day immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence,
no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto.

Section
9.7. Headings. The article, section and subsection headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not constitute
a part of this Agreement for any other purpose and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. Unless the context
clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms
thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed
broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof
and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

Section
9.8. Construction. The parties agree that each of them and their respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity
to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and number of shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall, in all cases, be subject to adjustment for any
stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations and other similar transactions that occur on or
after the date of this Agreement. Any reference in this Agreement to Dollars or $ shall mean the lawful currency
of the United States of America. Any references to Section or Article in this Agreement shall, unless otherwise
expressly stated herein, refer to the applicable Section or Article of this Agreement.

48 

Section
9.9. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors. Neither the Company nor the Investor may assign this Agreement or any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder
to any Person.

Section
9.10. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly provided in Article VIII, this Agreement is intended only for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any other Person.

Section
9.11. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal procedural and substantive
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the choice of law provisions of such state that would cause the application of
the laws of any other jurisdiction.

Section
9.12. Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company and the Investor contained in
this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery hereof until the termination of this Agreement; provided, however,
that (i) the provisions of Article IV (Representations and Warranties of the Company), Article VII (Termination), Article VIII (Indemnification)
and this Article IX (Miscellaneous) shall remain in full force and effect indefinitely notwithstanding such termination, and, (ii) so
long as the Investor owns any Securities, the covenants and agreements of the Company and the Investor contained in Article V (Covenants),
shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination for a period of six (6) months following such termination.

Section
9.13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party;
provided that a facsimile signature or signature delivered by e-mail in a .pdf format data file, including any electronic
signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com, www.echosign.adobe.com, etc., shall be considered
due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original signature.

49 

Section
9.14. Publicity. The Company shall afford the Investor and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment
upon, shall consult with the Investor and its counsel on the form and substance of, and shall give due consideration to all such comments
from the Investor or its counsel on, any press release, Commission filing or any other public disclosure made by or on behalf of the
Company relating to the Investor, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated
thereby, prior to the issuance, filing or public disclosure thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not be required to
submit for review any such disclosure (i) contained in periodic reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act if it shall
have previously provided the same disclosure to the Investor or its counsel for review in connection with a previous filing or (ii) any
Prospectus Supplement if it contains disclosure that does not reference the Investor, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of the Transaction
Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby.

Section
9.15. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and, in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction
shall determine that any one or more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other
provision or part of a provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid or illegal
or unenforceable provision, or part of such provision, had never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid, legal
and enforceable to the maximum extent possible.

Section
9.16. Further Assurances. From and after the Closing Date, upon the request of the Investor or the Company, each of the
Company and the Investor shall execute and deliver such instrument, documents and other writings as may be reasonably necessary or desirable
to confirm and carry out and to effectuate fully the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

50 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officer as of the
date first above written.

THE COMPANY:

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.:

By: 

Name: Geoffrey Gwin

Title: Chief Executive Officer

THE INVESTOR:

C/M CAPITAL
MASTER FUND LP:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature
Page to Common Stock Purcahse Agreement

ANNEX I TO THE

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

DEFINITIONS

Capitalized
words and terms which are not descriptive have the meaning below or as otherwise defined in the Agreement.

Additional
VWAP Purchase shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.3.

Additional
VWAP Purchase Commencement Time means, the latest of (A) the applicable VWAP Purchase Termination Time with respect to
the corresponding VWAP Purchase on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date, (B) the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Termination Time with
respect to the most recently completed prior Additional VWAP Purchase on such Additional VWAP Purchase Date, as applicable, and (C) the
time at which all shares of Common Stock subject to all prior VWAP Purchases and Additional VWAP Purchases (as applicable), including,
without limitation, those that have been effected on the same business day as the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase.

Additional
VWAP Purchase Confirmation shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.3 and shall be in the form attached
hereto as Annex 2.3C.

Additional
VWAP Purchase Date means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, the Trading Day (i)
that is also the VWAP Purchase Date for the corresponding VWAP Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence of Section 2.3
and (ii) on which the Investor receives, prior to 2:00 p.m., New York , NY time, on such Trading Day, a valid Additional VWAP Purchase
Notice for such Additional VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

Additional
VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to the lesser of (i) 300% of the number of Shares directed by the Company to be purchased by the Investor
pursuant to the corresponding Fixed Purchase Notice for the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence
of Section 2.3 and (ii) a number of Shares equal to (A) the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Percentage multiplied by (B) the trading volume
of shares of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible
Market) during the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Period on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional VWAP
Purchase.

Annex I-1 

Additional
VWAP Purchase Notice means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, an irrevocable written
notice delivered by the Company to the Investor, prior to 2:00 p.m., New York , NY time, on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date
for such Additional VWAP Purchase, directing the Investor to purchase an Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount (such specified Additional
VWAP Purchase Share Amount subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 2.3 as necessary to give effect to the Additional VWAP Purchase
Maximum Amount), at the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Price therefor on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional
VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

Additional
VWAP Purchase Period means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, the period on the
applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional VWAP Purchase beginning at the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Commencement
Time and ending at the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Termination Time.

Additional
VWAP Purchase Price means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, the purchase price
per Share to be purchased by the Investor in such Additional VWAP Purchase equal to ninety five percent (95%) of the lower of (i) the
VWAP for the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Period during the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional VWAP
Purchase, and (ii) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on such applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date for such Additional VWAP
Purchase (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split
or other similar transaction).

Additional
VWAP Purchase Share Amount means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, the number
of Shares to be purchased by the Investor in such Additional VWAP Purchase as specified by the Company in the applicable Additional VWAP
Purchase Notice, which number of Shares shall not exceed the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount.

Additional
VWAP Purchase Share Percentage means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, thirty
percent (30%).

Additional
VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the number of Shares specified by the Company in the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase
Notice as the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Amount to be purchased by the Investor in such Additional VWAP Purchase, divided by (ii)
the Additional VWAP Purchase Share Percentage (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend,
stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).

Annex I-2 

Additional
VWAP Purchase Termination Time means, with respect to an Additional VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.3, the earliest
of (i) 2:00 p.m., New York , NY time, on the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date, or such other time publicly announced by the Trading
Market as the official close of trading on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, by such
Eligible Market as the official close of trading on such Eligible Market) on such applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Date, (ii) such
time, from and after the Additional VWAP Purchase Commencement Time for such Additional VWAP Purchase, that the trading volume of shares
of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market)
has exceeded the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum and (iii) such time, from and after the Additional VWAP Purchase
Commencement Time for such Additional VWAP Purchase, that any sale price of the Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or, if the
Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market) has fallen below the applicable Floor Price for such applicable
Additional VWAP Purchase.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144. With respect to the Investor, without limitation, any Person owning,
owned by, or under common ownership with the Investor, and any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary
basis by the same investment manager as the Investor will be deemed to be an Affiliate.

Aggregate
Limit shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.4(a).

Agreement
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

Applicable
Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.13.

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar U.S. federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.5.

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg, L.P.

Bring
Down Opinion shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.15.

Broker-Dealer
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13.

Bylaws
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.4.

Annex I-3 

Charter
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.3.

Closing
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.2

Closing
Date means the date of this Agreement.

Closing
Sale Price means, for the Common Stock as of any date, the greater of (i) the then current book value of the Common Stock,
and (ii) the last closing trade price for the Common Stock on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible
Market, on such Eligible Market), as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Trading Market (or such Eligible Market, as applicable) begins
to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price for the Common Stock, then the last trade price
for the Common Stock prior to 4:00 p.m., New York , NY time, as reported by Bloomberg. All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions during such period.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commencement
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1

Commencement
Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Commencement
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.1(iii).

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor entity.

Commission
Documents shall mean (1) all reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents filed
with or furnished to the Commission by the Company pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including all material
filed with or furnished to the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and which hereafter shall
be filed with or furnished to the Commission by the Company, including, without limitation, the Current Report, (2) each Registration
Statement, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Prospectus contained therein and each Prospectus Supplement thereto and
(3) all information contained in such filings and all documents and disclosures that have been and heretofore shall be incorporated by
reference therein.

Commitment
Shares means Series G Convertible Preferred Stock issued to the Investor on December 31, 2024.

Common
Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.

Annex I-4 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

Compliance
Certificate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.2(ii).

Current
Report shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.3.

Custodian
shall mean any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.1.

Dilutive
Issuance shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(ii).

Disclosure
Schedule shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.1.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.37.

DTC
means The Depository Trust Company, a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, or any successor thereto.

DWAC
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.6.

DWAC
Shares means shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely
tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale and without stop transfer instructions maintained against the transfer thereof
and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designated Broker-Dealer at which the account or accounts to
be credited with the Securities being purchased by Investor are maintained specified DWAC account with DTC under its Fast Automated Securities
Transfer (FAST) Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

EDGAR
means the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System.

Effective
Date means, with respect to the Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement
(or any post-effective amendment thereto) or any New Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Registration Rights
Agreement (or any post-effective amendment thereto), as applicable, the date on which the Registration Statement (or any post-effective
amendment thereto) is declared effective by the Commission.

Annex I-5 

Effectiveness
Deadline shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Eligible
Market means The New York Stock Exchange American, Nasdaq Capital Market (NCM), The Nasdaq Global Market,
or The Nasdaq Global Select Market (or any nationally recognized successor to any of the foregoing).

Environmental
Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.16 hereof.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) Common Stock, options or other equity incentive awards to employees, officers, directors
or vendors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by the Companys Board of Directors
or a majority of the members of a committee of the Board of Directors established for such purpose, (b) (1) any Securities issued to
the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, (2) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any shares of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents held by the Investor at any time, or (3) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or
conversion of any Common Stock Equivalents that are issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities
referred to in this clause (3) have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to
decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, divestitures,
licenses, partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions approved by the Companys Board of Directors or a majority of
the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, which acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations
or strategic transactions can have a Variable Rate Transaction component, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or
to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an asset in a business synergistic
with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall
not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose
primary business is investing in securities, (d) Common Stock issued by the Company by any method deemed to be an at the market
offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act, exclusively through a registered broker-dealer, as the Companys
sales agent, pursuant to one or more written agreements between the Company and such registered broker-dealer or (e) securities issued
to a broker-dealer as compensation related to any private or public offering of securities.

Annex I-6 

FCPA
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.33.

Filed
Commission Document shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.6.

Filing
Deadline shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

Fixed
Purchase shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Fixed
Purchase Date means, with respect to a Fixed Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.1, the Trading Day on which the Investor
receives, after 4:00 p.m., New York , NY time, but prior to 5:30 p.m., New York , NY time, on such Trading Day, a valid Fixed Purchase
Notice for such Fixed Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

Fixed
Purchase Maximum Amount means, with respect to a Fixed Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.1, $200,000.

Fixed
Purchase Notice means, with respect to a Fixed Purchase pursuant to Section 2.1, an irrevocable written notice delivered
by the Company to the Investor directing the Investor to purchase a Fixed Purchase Share Amount (such specified Fixed Purchase Share
Amount subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 2.1 as necessary to give effect to the Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount), at the applicable
Fixed Purchase Price therefor on the applicable Fixed Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

Fixed
Purchase Price means, with respect to a Fixed Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.1, the purchase price per Share to be
purchased by the Investor in such Fixed Purchase equal to the lesser of 95% (i) of the daily volume weighted average price of the Companys
Common Stock on the NCM, as reported by Bloomberg Financial LP using the AQR function for the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding
the applicable Fixed Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase and (ii) the lowest trading price of a share of Common Stock on the applicable
Fixed Purchase Date for such Fixed Purchase during the full Trading Day on the NCM on such applicable Purchase Date (in each case, to
be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction that
occurs on or after the date of this Agreement); provided, however, that if the closing price of the Common Stock on the date such
Fixed Purchase Share Amount corresponding to a Fixed Purchase Notice is delivered is lower than the Fixed Purchase Price, then the Fixed
Purchase Price for such Fixed Purchase Price Share Amount shall be reduced to equal such closing price.

Annex I-7 

Fixed
Purchase Share Amount means, with respect to a Fixed Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.1, the number of Shares to be
purchased by the Investor in such Fixed Purchase as specified by the Company in the applicable Fixed Purchase Notice, which number of
Shares shall not exceed the applicable Fixed Purchase Maximum Amount (calculated as of the applicable Fixed Purchase Date).

Floor
Price means a price equal to 85% of the Closing Price on the Trading Day the applicable Additional VWAP Purchase Notice
or VWAP Purchase Notice is delivered to Investor along with the Fixed Purchase Notice.

Fundamental
Transaction means that (i) the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (1) consolidate
or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Person, with the result that the holders of the
Companys capital stock immediately prior to such consolidation or merger together beneficially own less than 50% of the outstanding
voting power of the surviving or resulting corporation, or (2) sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of
all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company to another Person, or (3) take action to facilitate a purchase, tender
or exchange offer by another Person that is accepted by the holders of the Companys Voting Stock representing more than 50% of
the total voting power of the Companys Voting Stock (excluding any Voting Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party
to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (4) consummate a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires Voting Stock of the Company representing more than 50%
of the total voting power of the Companys Voting Stock (not including any Voting Stock held by the other Person or other Persons
making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or
other business combination), or (5) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, or (ii) any person or group
(as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or shall become the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock of the Company representing more than 50%
of the total voting power of the Companys Voting Stock.

GAAP
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.6(b).

Investment
Period means the period commencing on the Effective Date of the Registration Statement and expiring on the date this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Article VII.

Investor
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor
Expense Reimbursement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.1(i).

Annex I-8 

Investor
Party shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.1.

Issuer
Covered Person shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.37.

IT
Systems shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.36.

Knowledge
means, with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge of the Companys Chief Executive Officer, its Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer, and its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Beeline Financial Holdings, Inc., in each case after reasonable
inquiry of all officers, directors and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries under their direct supervision who would reasonably
be expected to have knowledge or information with respect to the matter in question.

Material
Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) the results
of operations, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than any material
adverse effect that resulted primarily from (A) any change in the United States or foreign economies or securities or financial markets
in general, (B) any change that generally affects the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, (C) any change arising
in connection with earthquakes, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions or any escalation or material worsening
of any such hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions existing as of the date hereof, (D) any action taken
by the Investor, its Affiliates or its or their successors and assigns with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement, (E) the effect of any change in applicable laws or accounting rules, or (F) any change resulting
from compliance with terms of this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, or (iii) the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a
timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document to which it is a party to be performed as of the date of determination.

Material
Agreements shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.17.

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.34.

New
Registration Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Notice
Delivery Time shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.3.

Notice
of Effectiveness shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.1(iv).

OFAC
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.35.

Annex I-9 

Person
means any person or entity, whether a natural person, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company,
trust, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture, governmental agency or authority.

Personal
Data shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.36.

Prospectus
means the prospectus in the form included in a Registration Statement, as supplemented from time to time by any Prospectus Supplement,
including the documents incorporated by reference therein.

Prospectus
Supplement means any prospectus supplement to the Prospectus filed with the Commission from time to time pursuant to Rule
424(b) under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein.

Reference
Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(ii).

Reference
Price shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.6(ii).

Registrable
Securities shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement, and shall include the Commitment
Shares.

Registration
Rights Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Regulation
D shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.

Restricted
Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.9(i).

Restricted
Person shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.9(i).

Restricted
Persons shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.9(i).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time
to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect.

Sale
Price means any trade price for a share of Common Stock executed on the Trading Market (or if the Common Stock is then
traded on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market) between 9:30 a.m., New York , NY time, or such other time publicly announced by
the Trading Market or such other Eligible Market, as the case may be, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York , NY time, on the applicable
Purchase Date, as reported by Bloomberg.

Sanctioned
Countries shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.35.

Annex I-10 

Sanctioned
Country shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.35.

Sanctioned
Persons shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.35.

Sanctions
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.35.

Section
4(a)(2) shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.

Securities
means, collectively, the Shares and the Commitment Shares.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Shares
shall mean the shares of Common Stock that are and/or may be purchased by the Investor under this Agreement pursuant to one or more Fixed
Purchase Notices, VWAP Purchase Notices or Additional VWAP Purchase Notices, but not including the Commitment Shares.

Short
Sales shall mean short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange
Act.

Stock
Plan shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.22.

Subsidiary
and Subsidiaries shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in Section 4.7.

Total
Purchase Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.1.

Trading
Day shall mean any day on which the Trading Market or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, such
Eligible Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market (or such Eligible Market, as applicable) is open for
trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

Trading
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor thereto).

Transaction
Documents means, collectively, this Agreement (as qualified by the Disclosure Schedule) and the exhibits hereto, the Registration
Rights Agreement and each of the other agreements, documents, certificates and instruments entered into or furnished by the parties hereto
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

Transfer
Agent means Transfer Online, or such other Person who is then serving as the transfer agent for the Company in respect
of the Common Stock.

Annex I-11 

Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any equity or debt securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices
of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such equity or debt securities, or (B) with a conversion,
exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security
or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market
for the Common Stock (including, without limitation, any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution provisions,
but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other
similar transaction), (ii) issues or sells any equity or debt securities, including without limitation, Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, either (A) at a price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity
security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the
market for the Common Stock (other than standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend,
stock split or other similar transaction), or (B) that are subject to or contain any put, call, redemption, buy-back, price-reset or
other similar provision or mechanism (including, without limitation, a Black-Scholes put or call right, other than in connection
with a fundamental transaction) that provides for the issuance of additional equity securities of the Company or the payment
of cash by the Company, or (iii) enters into any agreement with any Person other than the Investor or an Affiliate of the Investor, including,
but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at the market offering or other continuous offering or similar
offering of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, whereby the Company may sell Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at a future
determined price.

Voting
Stock means securities of any class or kind having the power to vote generally for the election of directors, managers
or other voting members of the governing body of the Company or any successor thereto.

VWAP
means, for the Common Stock for a specified period, the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Trading Market
(or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market), for such period, as reported by Bloomberg through
its AQR function. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

VWAP
Purchase shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2.

Annex I-12 

VWAP
Purchase Commencement Time means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, 9:30 a.m., New York ,
NY time, on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date, or such other time publicly announced by the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is
then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) as the official open (or commencement) of trading on the Trading Market (or
such Eligible Market, as applicable) on such applicable VWAP Purchase Date.

VWAP
Purchase Confirmation shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2 and shall be in the form attached hereto
as Annex 2.2B.

VWAP
Purchase Date means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, the Trading Day immediately following
the applicable Fixed Purchase Date with respect to the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence
of Section 3.2, on which the Investor receives, concurrently with the receipt of the applicable Fixed Purchase Notice for such corresponding
Fixed Purchase, after 4:00 p.m., New York , NY time, but prior to 5:30 p.m., New York , NY time, on such applicable Fixed Purchase Date,
a valid VWAP Purchase Notice for such VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

VWAP
Purchase Maximum Amount means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 3.2, a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the lesser of (i) 300% of the number of Shares directed by the Company to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to the
corresponding Fixed Purchase Notice for the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence of Section
2.2 and (ii) 30% of the trading volume in the Companys Common Stock on the NCM during the applicable VWAP Purchase Period on the
applicable VWAP Purchase Date.

VWAP
Purchase Notice means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, an irrevocable written notice delivered
by the Company to the Investor (concurrently with the delivery of the applicable Fixed Purchase Notice by the Company to the Investor
on the applicable Fixed Purchase Date with respect to the corresponding Fixed Purchase referred to in clause (i) of the second sentence
of Section 2.2) directing the Investor to purchase a VWAP Purchase Share Amount (such specified VWAP Purchase Share Amount subject to
adjustment as set forth in Section 3.2 as necessary to give effect to the VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount), at the applicable VWAP Purchase
Price therefor on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase in accordance with this Agreement.

VWAP
Purchase Period means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, the period on the applicable VWAP
Purchase Date for such VWAP Purchase beginning at the applicable VWAP Purchase Commencement Time and ending at the applicable VWAP Purchase
Termination Time.

VWAP
Purchase Price means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, the purchase price per Share to be
purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase equal to the lesser of ninety five percent (95%) of (i) the Closing Sale Price of the
Common Stock on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date and (ii) the VWAP during the applicable VWAP Purchase Period.

Annex I-13 

VWAP
Purchase Share Amount means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, the number of Shares to be
purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase as specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice, which number of Shares
shall not exceed the applicable VWAP Purchase Maximum Amount.

VWAP
Purchase Share Percentage means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, thirty percent (30%).

VWAP
Purchase Share Volume Maximum means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to (i) the number of Shares specified by the Company in the applicable VWAP Purchase Notice as the VWAP Purchase
Share Amount to be purchased by the Investor in such VWAP Purchase, divided by (ii) the VWAP Purchase Share Percentage (to be appropriately
adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).

VWAP
Purchase Termination Time means, with respect to a VWAP Purchase made pursuant to Section 2.2, the earliest of (i) 2:00
p.m., New York , NY time, on the applicable VWAP Purchase Date, or such other time publicly announced by the Trading Market (or, if the
Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, by such Eligible Market) as the official close of trading on the Trading Market on
such applicable VWAP Purchase Date, (ii) such time, from and after the VWAP Purchase Commencement Time for such VWAP Purchase, that the
trading volume of shares of Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or, if the Common Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market,
on such Eligible Market) has exceeded the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum and (iii) such time, from and after the VWAP
Purchase Commencement Time for such VWAP Purchase, that any sale price of the Common Stock traded on the Trading Market (or, if the Common
Stock is then listed on an Eligible Market, on such Eligible Market) has fallen below the applicable Floor Price for such applicable
VWAP Purchase.

Annex I-14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 7, 2025, and
amends and restates in its entirety the Common Stock Purchase Agreement originally entered into by and between C/M Capital Master Fund
LP, a ___________ limited liability company (the Investor), and Eastside Distilling, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company) on December 31, 2024, pursuant to that certain letter agreement entered into between the parties
on such date.

RECITALS

A.
The Company and the Investor have entered into that certain Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Purchase
Agreement), pursuant to which the Company may issue to the Investor, from time to time, up to $10,000,000 of the Companys
outstanding common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), subject to shareholder approval.

B.
Pursuant to the terms of, and in consideration for the Investor entering into, the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall cause to be
issued to the Investor the Commitment Shares in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

C.
Pursuant to the terms of, and in consideration for the Investor entering into, the Purchase Agreement, and to induce the Investor to
execute and deliver the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide the Investor with certain registration rights with respect
to the Registrable Securities (as defined herein) as set forth herein.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement,
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound
hereby, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement. As used in
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement

(b)
Allowable Grace Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(n).

(c)
Blue Sky Filing shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

(d)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in New
York, New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed.

(e)
Claims shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

(f)
Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor entity.

(g)
Common Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement.

(h)
Company shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

(i)
Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the
Commission.

(j)
Effectiveness Deadline means (i) with respect to any Registration Statement that may be required to be filed
by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the earlier of (A) the sixtieth (60th) calendar day following the date on which
the Company was required to file such Registration Statement, if such Registration Statement is subject to review by the Commission,
and (B) the third (3rd) Business Day following the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier)
by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed.

(k)
Filing Deadline means (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant
to Section 2(c), the 30th calendar day after the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024 and (ii) with respect to any New Registration Statements that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement),
the tenth (10th) Business Day following the sale of substantially all of the Registrable Securities covered by, as applicable,
the Initial Registration Statement or the most recent prior New Registration Statement.

(l)
Indemnified Damages shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

(m)
Investor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.

(n)
Investor Party and Investor Parties shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in Section
6(a).

(o)
Legal Counsel shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(b).

(p)
New Registration Statement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(a).

2

(q)
Person means any person or entity, whether a natural person, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited partnership,
limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture, governmental agency or authority.

(r)
Prospectus means the prospectus in the form included in the Registration Statement, as supplemented from
time to time by any Prospectus Supplement, including the documents incorporated by reference therein.

(s)
Prospectus Supplement means any prospectus supplement to the Prospectus filed with the Commission from time
to time pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein.

(t)
Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement.

(u)
register, registered, and registration refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements in compliance with the Securities Act and pursuant
to Rule 415 and the declaration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s) by the Commission.

(v)
Registrable Securities means all of (i) the Shares, (ii) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Commitment Shares, as fully earned as of the date hereof and (iii) any securities of the Company issued or issuable with respect
to such Shares or Commitment Shares, including, without limitation, (1) as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
exchange or similar event or otherwise and (2) shares of capital stock of the Company into which the Common Stock are converted or exchanged
and shares of a successor entity into which the Common Stock are converted or exchanged, in each case until such time as such securities
cease to be Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(f).

(w)
Registration Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(a).

(x)
Registration Statement means any registration statement on Form S-1 (or any successor form) required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act that registers the Registrable Securities, as such registration statement or registration
statements may be amended and supplemented from time to time, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference
therein; provided, that the Company may satisfy all or any portion of its registration obligations hereunder by use of a Prospectus Supplement
under a Form S-3 in lieu of a Form S-1.

(y)
Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended
from time to time, or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the Commission that may at any time permit the Investor to
sell securities of the Company to the public without registration.

(z)
Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended
from time to time, or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the Commission providing for offering securities on a delayed
or continuous basis.

(aa)
Staff shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(e).

(bb)
Violations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a).

3

2.
Registration.

(a)
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Filing Deadline,
file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering (i) shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the all of the Commitment
Shares and (ii) the maximum number of additional Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with
applicable Commission rules, regulations and interpretations (collectively, SEC Guidance) so as to permit
the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investor under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then prevailing market prices (and
not fixed prices) (the Initial Registration Statement). The Prospectus included in the Initial Registration
Statement shall contain the Selling Shareholder and Plan of Distribution sections in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B.

(b)
Legal Counsel. Subject to Section 5 hereof, the Investor shall have the right to select one legal counsel to review and oversee,
solely on its behalf, any registration pursuant to this Section 2 (Legal Counsel), which shall be Pryor Cashman
LLP, or such other counsel as thereafter designated by the Investor. Except as otherwise expressly provided under Section 9.1(i) of the
Purchase Agreement, the Company shall have no obligation to reimburse the Investor for any legal fees or expenses of the Legal Counsel
incurred in connection with each registration contemplated hereby.

(c)
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. If at any time all Registrable Securities are not covered by the Initial Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) as a result of Section 2(e) or otherwise, and if the Company desires to sell additional Shares
to the Investor under the Agreement, the Company shall then use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission one or
more additional Registration Statements on Form S-1 (or any successor form) so as to cover all of the Registrable Securities not covered
by such Initial Registration Statement (each, a New Registration Statement), in each case, as soon as practicable
(taking into account any SEC Guidance or position of the staff of the Commission (Staff) with respect to
the date on which the Staff will permit such additional New Registration Statement(s) to be filed with the Commission and the rules and
regulations of the Commission). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such New Registration Statement
to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing thereof with the Commission, but in no event later than the applicable
Effectiveness Deadline for such New Registration Statement.

(d)
No Inclusion of Other Securities. In no event shall the Company include any securities other than Registrable Securities on any
Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 2(c) without consulting the Investor and Legal Counsel prior to filing such
Registration Statement with the Commission.

4

(e)
Offering. If the Staff or the Commission seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant
to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration Statement to become effective and
be used for resales by the Investor on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices),
or if after the filing of any Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 2(c), the Company is otherwise required by the
Staff or the Commission to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, then the Company shall
reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Registration Statement (after consultation with the Investor and Legal
Counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the Commission shall so permit
such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
if after giving effect to the actions referred to in the immediately preceding sentence, the Staff or the Commission does not permit
such Registration Statement to become effective and be used for resales by the Investor on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415
at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), the Company shall not request acceleration of the Effective Date of such Registration
Statement, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than 48 hours) request the withdrawal of such Registration Statement pursuant
to Rule 477 under the Securities Act. In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, if the Company
desires to sell any Shares to the Investor that are not covered by an Initial Registration Statement or New Registration Statement, the
Company shall then use its commercially reasonable efforts to file one or more New Registration Statements with the Commission in accordance
with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements that have been declared
effective and the Prospectuses contained therein are available for use by the Investor.

(f)
Any Registrable Security shall cease to be a Registrable Security at the earliest of the following: (i) when a Registration
Statement covering such Registrable Security becomes or has been declared effective by the Commission and such Registrable Security has
been sold or disposed of pursuant to such effective Registration Statement; (ii) when such Registrable Security is held by the Company
or one of its subsidiaries; and (iii) the date that is the later of (A) the first (1st) anniversary of the date of termination
of the Purchase Agreement in accordance with Article VII of the Purchase Agreement and (B) the first (1st) anniversary of
the date of the last sale of any Registrable Securities to the Investor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(g)
Any time-based requirements set forth in this Agreement shall be extended to the next Business Day if the applicable time falls on a
weekend or federal holiday.

5

3. Related Obligations.

The
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and the intended method of disposition thereof, and, pursuant thereto, during the term of this Agreement, the
Company shall have the following obligations:

(a)
The Company shall promptly prepare and file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof and,
as required, one or more New Registration Statements pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof with respect to the Registrable Securities, but
in no event later than the applicable Filing Deadline therefor, and the Company use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each
such Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness
Deadline therefor. Subject to Allowable Grace Periods (as defined below), the Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective
(and the Prospectus contained therein available for use) pursuant to Rule 415 for issuances and sales of the Registrable Securities by
the Company to the Investor and for resales by the Investor on a continuous basis at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices)
at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement and (ii) the date of termination of the Purchase Agreement if as of such termination date the Investor holds no
Registrable Securities (or, if applicable, the date on which such securities cease to be Registrable Securities after the date of termination
of the Purchase Agreement) (the Registration Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement (but subject to the provisions of Section 3(o) hereof), the Company shall ensure that, when filed and at all times
while effective, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) and the Prospectus
(including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration Statement shall not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make
the statements therein (in the case of Prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading. The Company
shall submit to the Commission, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date that the Company learns that no review of a particular
Registration Statement will be made by the Staff or that the Staff has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement (as
the case may be), a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement to a time and date as soon as reasonably
practicable in accordance with Rule 461 under the Securities Act.

6

(b)
Subject to Section 3(c) of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the Commission
such amendments (including, without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection with each such Registration Statement, which Prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the
Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep each such Registration Statement effective (and the Prospectus contained therein current
and available for use) at all times during the Registration Period for such Registration Statement, and, during such period, comply with
the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company required to be covered
by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the
intended methods of disposition by the Investor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company covenants and agrees that
(i) at or before 5:30 p.m. (New York, NY time) on the second (2nd) Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of
the Initial Registration Statement and any New Registration Statement (or any post-effective amendment thereto), the Company shall file
with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act the final Prospectus to be used in connection with sales
pursuant to such Registration Statement (or post-effective amendment thereto), and (ii) if the transactions contemplated by any Fixed
Purchase are material to the Company (individually or collectively with all other prior Fixed Purchases, VWAP Purchase, or Additional
VWAP Purchase, as applicable, the consummation of which have not previously been reported in any Prospectus filed with the Commission
under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or in any report, statement or other document filed by the Company with the Commission under
the Exchange Act), or if otherwise required under the Securities Act (or the interpretations of the Commission thereof), in each case
as reasonably determined by the Company and the Investor, then, within the time period prescribed under Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act, the Company shall file with the Commission a Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act with respect to the applicable
Fixed Purchase(s), VWAP Purchase(s) and Additional VWAP Purchase(s), as applicable, disclosing the total number of Shares that are to
be (and, if applicable, have been) issued and sold to the Investor pursuant to such purchase(s), the total purchase price for the Shares
subject to such purchase(s), the applicable purchases price(s) for such Shares and the net proceeds that are to be (and, if applicable,
have been) received by the Company from the sale of such Shares. To the extent not previously disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company
shall disclose in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K the information described in the immediately
preceding sentence relating to all purchase(s) consummated during the relevant fiscal quarter and shall file such Quarterly Reports and
Annual Reports with the Commission within the applicable time period prescribed for such report under the Exchange Act. In the case of
amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or Prospectus related thereto which are required to be filed pursuant to this
Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to this Section 3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q
or Form 10-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall file such amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus with the Commission on the same day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for
the Company to amend or supplement such Registration Statement or Prospectus, for the purpose of including such report into such Registration
Statement and Prospectus. The Company consents to the use of the Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement thereto) included
in each Registration Statement in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act and with the securities or Blue Sky
laws of the jurisdictions in which the Registrable Securities may be sold by the Investor, in connection with the resale of the Registrable
Securities and for such period of time thereafter as such Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement thereto) (or in lieu
thereof, the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act) is required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection
with resales of Registrable Securities.

(c)
The Company shall (A) permit Legal Counsel an opportunity to review and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least two (2)
Business Days prior to its filing with the Commission and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement (including,
without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports the contents of which is limited to that set forth in such reports) within
a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the Commission, and (B) shall reasonably consider any comments of the Investor
and Legal Counsel on any such Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus contained therein. The Company
shall promptly furnish to Legal Counsel, without charge, (i) electronic copies of any correspondence from the Commission or the Staff
to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement (which correspondence shall be redacted to exclude any
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the
Commission, one (1) electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without
limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, and all
exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one (1) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such
Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; provided, however, the Company shall not be required to furnish any
document (other than the Prospectus, which may be provided in .PDF format) to Legal Counsel to the extent such document is available
on EDGAR).

7

(d)
Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Purchase Agreement, if requested by an Investor, the Company shall promptly
furnish to such Investor, without charge, (i) after the same is prepared and filed with the Commission, at least one (1) electronic copy
of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and
schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, all exhibits thereto, (ii) upon the effectiveness
of each Registration Statement, one (1) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments
and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time) and (iii) such other
documents, including, without limitation, copies of any final Prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time in
order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor; provided, however, the Company shall not be
required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus, which may be provided in .PDF format) to the Investor to the extent such
document is available on EDGAR).

(e)
The Company shall take such action as is reasonably necessary to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and
qualification applies, the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other
securities or Blue Sky laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions,
such amendments (including, without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as
may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be reasonably
necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all
other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in
any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation
in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
Legal Counsel and the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or
qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of any jurisdiction in
the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated to register or qualify the Registrable Securities in any
jurisdiction which applies merit review.

8

(f)
The Company shall notify Legal Counsel and the Investor in writing of the happening of any event, as promptly as reasonably practicable
after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the Prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall such notice contain
any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and, subject to Section 3(c), promptly prepare
a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and such Prospectus contained therein to correct such untrue statement or omission
and, if requested by such Legal Counsel or Investor, deliver one (1) electronic copy of such supplement or amendment to Legal Counsel
and the Investor (or such other number of copies as Legal Counsel or the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly
notify Legal Counsel and the Investor in writing (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement or post-effective amendment has been
filed, when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be
delivered to Legal Counsel and the Investor by facsimile or e-mail on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), and
when the Company receives written notice from the Commission that a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment will be reviewed
by the Commission, (ii) of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related Prospectus
or related information, (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement
would be appropriate and (iv) of the receipt of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for
any additional information relating to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any related Prospectus. The
Company shall respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto. Nothing in this Section 3(f) shall limit any obligation of the Company under the Purchase Agreement.

(g)
The Company shall (i) use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness
of a Registration Statement or the use of any Prospectus contained therein, or the suspension of the qualification, or the loss of an
exemption from qualification, of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is
issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible time and (ii) notify Legal Counsel and the Investor
of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding.

(h)
The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor provided to the Company unless
(i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws or other applicable laws, (ii) the disclosure
of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required
to be disclosed in such Registration Statement pursuant to the Securities Act, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant
to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information
has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.
The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning the Investor is sought in or by a court
or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor,
at the Investors expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such
information.

9

(i)
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor and, to the extent applicable, facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of Registrable
Securities, as DWAC Shares, to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such DWAC Shares to be in such denominations
as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time and registered in such names as the Investor may request in accordance with
the Purchase Agreement. Investor hereby agrees that it shall cooperate with the Company, its counsel and Transfer Agent in connection
with any issuances of DWAC Shares, and hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that that it will resell such DWAC Shares
only pursuant to the Registration Statement in which such DWAC Shares are included, in a manner described under the caption Plan
of Distribution in such Registration Statement, and in a manner in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities
laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. DWAC
Shares shall be free from all restrictive legends and may be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Investor by crediting an account
at DTC as directed in writing by the Investor.

(j)
Upon the written request of the Investor, the Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of notice from the Investor
and subject to Section 3(n) hereof, (i) incorporate in a Prospectus Supplement or post-effective amendment such information as the Investor
reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation,
information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any
other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of such Prospectus
Supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus Supplement or post-effective
amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement or Prospectus contained therein if reasonably requested
by the Investor.

(k)
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to
be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of
such Registrable Securities.

(l)
The Company shall otherwise use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission
in connection with any registration hereunder.

(m)
Within one (1) Business Day after each Registration Statement which covers Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the Transfer Agent for such Registrable Securities
(with copies to the Investor) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission in a form to
be provided by counsel to the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Investor.

10

(n)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (but subject to the last sentence of this Section 3(n)), at any time after
the Effective Date of a particular Registration Statement, the Company may, upon written notice to Investor, suspend Investors
use of any prospectus that is a part of any Registration Statement (in which event the Investor shall discontinue sales of the Registrable
Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement, but may, in its sole discretion, settle any previously
made sales of Registrable Securities) if the Company (x) is pursuing an acquisition, merger, tender offer, reorganization, disposition
or other similar transaction and the Company determines in good faith that (A) the Companys ability to pursue or consummate such
a transaction would be materially adversely affected by any required disclosure of such transaction in such Registration Statement or
other registration statement or (B) such transaction renders the Company unable to comply with Commission requirements, in each case
under circumstances that would make it impractical or inadvisable to cause any Registration Statement (or such filings) to be used by
Investor or to promptly amend or supplement any Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement on a post effective basis, as applicable,
or (y) has experienced some other material non-public event the disclosure of which at such time, in the good faith judgment of the Company,
would materially adversely affect the Company (each, an Allowable Grace Period); provided, however, that
in no event shall the Investor be suspended from selling Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement for a period that
exceeds twenty (20) consecutive Trading Days or an aggregate of sixty (60) days in any 365-day period; and provided, further, the Company
shall not effect any such suspension during (A) the first 10 consecutive Trading Days after the Effective Date of the particular Registration
Statement or (B) the five-Trading Day period following each settlement date for a Fixed Purchase, VWAP Purchase, or Additional VWAP Purchase,
as applicable. Upon disclosure of such information or the termination of the condition described above, the Company shall provide prompt
notice, but in any event within one Business Day of such disclosure or termination, to the Investor and shall promptly terminate any
suspension of sales it has put into effect and shall take such other reasonable actions to permit registered sales of Registrable Securities
as contemplated in this Agreement (including as set forth in the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect to the information giving
rise thereto unless such material, non-public information is no longer applicable). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Section 3(n), if the Company is obligated in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement to deliver DWAC Shares to a
transferee of the Investor in connection with any resale of Registrable Securities with respect to which the Investor has entered into
a contract for sale, and delivered a copy of the Prospectus included as part of the particular Registration Statement to the extent applicable,
in each case prior to the Investors receipt of the notice of an Allowable Grace Period and for which the Investor has not yet
settled, the Company shall deliver DWAC Shares to such transferee in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

4.
Obligations of the Investor.

(a)
At least two (2) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of each Registration Statement (or such shorter period to which
the parties agree), the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from the Investor with respect
to such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant
to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of the Investor that the Investor shall promptly furnish to the Company
such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities
held by it, as shall be reasonably required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities,
and shall promptly execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.

11

(b)
The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing
of each Registration Statement hereunder, unless the Investor has notified the Company in writing of the Investors election to
exclude all of the Investors Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

(c)
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
3(l) or the first sentence of 3(f), the Investor shall immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any
Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or
amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 3(l) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment
is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(c), the Company shall cause its Transfer Agent to deliver DWAC
Shares to a transferee of the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable
Securities with respect to which the Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice
from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(l) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) and for which
the Investor has not yet settled.

(d)
The Investor covenants and agrees that it shall comply with the prospectus delivery and other requirements of the Securities Act as applicable
to it in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement.

5.
Expenses of Registration.

Except
as provided in the Purchase Agreement, all reasonable expenses incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant
to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all reasonable registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting
fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company, except that sales or brokerage commissions
and fees and disbursements of counsel for, and other expenses of, the Investor shall be paid by the Investor.

12

6.
Indemnification.

(a)
In the event any Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement under this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each of its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within
the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and each of the directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees,
agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
the lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, an Investor Party and collectively,
the Investor Parties), against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments,
fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees, costs of defense and
investigation), amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Claims) reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the
foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the Commission, whether pending
or threatened, whether or not an Investor Party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which
any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof)
arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or
any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities
or other Blue Sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing),
or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Prospectus (as amended or
supplemented) or in any Prospectus Supplement or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading (the matters
in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively, Violations). Subject to Section 6(c), the Company
shall reimburse the Investor Parties, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any legal fees or other reasonable
expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Investor Party arising out
of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by
such Investor Party for such Investor Party expressly for use in connection with the preparation of such Registration Statement, Prospectus
or Prospectus Supplement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the written
information set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto is the only written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of
the Investor expressly for use in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement); (ii) shall not be available to the
Investor to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the Prospectus (as amended
or supplemented) made available by the Company (to the extent applicable), including, without limitation, a corrected Prospectus, if
such Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) or corrected Prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d)
and then only if, and to the extent that, following the receipt of the corrected Prospectus no grounds for such Claim would have existed;
and (iii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent
of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Investor Party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable Securities by
the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

13

(b)
In connection with any Registration Statement in which the Investor is participating, the Investor agrees to severally and not jointly
indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of
its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Company Party), against any Claim or Indemnified
Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified
Damages arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case, to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by the Investor expressly
for use in connection with such Registration Statement, the Prospectus included therein or any Prospectus Supplement thereto (it being
hereby acknowledged and agreed that the written information set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto is the only written information
furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement);
and, subject to Section 6(c) and the below provisos in this Section 6(b), the Investor shall reimburse a Company Party any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by such Company Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however,
the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not
apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Investor, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and provided, further that the Investor shall be liable under this Section
6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to the Investor as a result of the applicable
sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement. Such indemnity shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Company Party and shall survive the transfer of
any of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

(c)
Promptly after receipt by an Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including, without limitation, any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Investor Party
or Company Party (as the case may be) shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section
6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to
participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to
assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Party or the Company
Party (as the case may be); provided, however, an Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) shall have the right
to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party if: (i) the indemnifying party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of
such Claim and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Investor Party or Company Party (as the case may be) in any such Claim;
or (iii) the named parties to any such Claim (including, without limitation, any impleaded parties) include both such Investor Party
or Company Party (as the case may be) and the indemnifying party, and such Investor Party or such Company Party (as the case may be)
shall have been advised by counsel to the indemnifying party that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were
to represent such Investor Party or such Company Party and the indemnifying party (in which case, if such Investor Party or such Company
Party (as the case may be) notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the
indemnifying party, then the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof on behalf of the indemnified party
and such counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party, provided further that in the case of clause (iii) above the
indemnifying party shall not be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one (1) separate legal counsel for all
Investor Parties or Company Parties (as the case may be). The Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) shall reasonably cooperate
with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall
furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) which
relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) reasonably
apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall
be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent; provided, however,
the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior
written consent of the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Company Party
or Investor Party (as the case may be) of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation, and such settlement shall
not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Company Party. For the avoidance of doubt, the immediately preceding sentence
shall apply to Sections 6(a) and 6(b) hereof. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated
to all rights of the Company Party or Investor Party (as the case may be) with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating
to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable
time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Investor Party or Company
Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially and adversely prejudiced
in its ability to defend such action.

14

(d)
No Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities who is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to indemnification from any Person involved in such sale
of Registrable Securities who is not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e)
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred; provided that any Person receiving any payment
pursuant to this Section 6 shall promptly reimburse the Person making such payment for the amount of such payment to the extent a court
of competent jurisdiction determines that such Person receiving such payment was not entitled to such payment.

(f)
The indemnity and contribution agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Company
Party or Investor Party against the indemnifying party or others, including any rights under the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) any liabilities
the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7.
Contribution.

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law;
provided, however: (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for
indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, (ii) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable
Securities which Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) in connection
with such sale shall be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation; and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the amount
of net proceeds received by such seller from the applicable sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, the Investor shall not be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess
of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by the Investor from the applicable sale of the Registrable Securities subject
to the Claim exceeds the amount of any damages that the Investor has otherwise been required to pay, or would otherwise be required to
pay under Section 6(b), by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

15

8.
Reports Under the Exchange Act.

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144, the Company agrees to:

(a)
so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, use its reasonable best efforts to make and keep public information available, as
those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

(b)
so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Commission in a timely manner all
reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so long as the Company remains subject
to such requirements (it being understood that nothing herein shall limit any of the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement)
and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144;

(c)
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company,
if true, that it has complied with the reporting, submission and posting requirements of Rule 144 and the Exchange Act, if applicable
(ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company
with the Commission if such reports are not publicly available via EDGAR, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested
to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration; and

(d)
take such additional action as is reasonably requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant
to Rule 144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions
to the Companys Transfer Agent as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate
with Investor and Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

9.
Assignment of Registration Rights.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor; provided,
however, that any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company
remains the surviving entity immediately after such transaction shall not be deemed an assignment. The Investor may not assign its rights
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company, other than to an affiliate of the Investor controlled by Marissa
Welner, in which case the assignee must agree in writing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

16

10. Amendment
or Waiver.

No
provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding
the filing of the New Registration Statement with the Commission. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this
Agreement may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written
instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy
under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

11. Miscellaneous.

(a)
Solely for purposes of this Agreement, a Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed
to own of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more
Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received
from such record owner of such Registrable Securities.

(b)
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be given
in accordance with Section 9.4 of the Purchase Agreement.

(c)
Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right
or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof. The Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur
in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that either party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of
the provisions of this Agreement by the other party and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy to which
either party may be entitled by law or equity.

(d)
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State
of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New
York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or
discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or
that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents
to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement
in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR
THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

17

(e)
The Transaction Documents set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties solely with respect to the subject matter thereof
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and understandings between the parties, both oral and written,
solely with respect to such matters. There are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by either party relative to subject
matter hereof not expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary and without
implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit, modify or affect in any manner
whatsoever (i) the conditions precedent to a Fixed Purchase, a VWAP Purchase or an Additional VWAP Purchase contained in the Purchase
Agreement or (ii) any partys obligations under the Purchase Agreement.

(f)
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors. This Agreement is
not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any Person, other than the parties hereto, their respective successors
and the Persons referred to in Sections 6 and 7 hereof.

(g)
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. Unless
the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and
plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall
be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder,
hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(h)
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile signature
or signature delivered by e-mail in a .pdf format data file, including any electronic signature complying with the U.S.
federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com, www.echosign.adobe.com, etc., shall be considered due execution and shall be binding
upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original signature.

(i)
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j)
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

18

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Investor and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

EASTSIDE DISTILLING, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Investor and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

INVESTOR:

C/M CAPITAL MASTER FUND LP

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Beeline Holdings Receives Nasdaq
Approval as a New Listing

Providence, Rhode Island, March 10, 2025 Eastside
Distilling, Inc. d/b/a Beeline Holdings (Nasdaq: BLNE) today announced that its application for a new Nasdaq listing has been officially
accepted. The new listing requirement follows the change of control resulting from the companys merger with Beeline Financial Holdings,
Inc. and shareholder approval of the change of control on March 7, 2025.

Additionally, the company confirmed that shareholders
also approved its name change to Beeline Holdings, Inc. (Beeline) on March 7, 2025, with the change set to take effect on
March 12, 2025. The new name aligns with Beelines strategic focus on its AI-driven online mortgage business, reinforcing its commitment
to innovation in the industry.

Nick Liuzza, the newly appointed Chief Executive Officer
of Beeline, expressed confidence in the companys trajectory, stating, This milestone marks just the beginning of an exciting
new chapter for Beeline. With strong momentum behind our technology and business development initiatives, we look forward to sharing more
updates in the near future as we continue to drive forward innovation in the mortgage space.

To meet the minimum price requirement for its new
Nasdaq listing, Beeline will implement a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its common stock, effective March 12, 2025. Following the split,
every ten shares of issued and outstanding common stock will be converted into one share. The companys common stock will continue
trading on Nasdaq under the symbol BLNE with a new CUSIP number assigned post-split.

About Beeline Financial Holdings, Inc.

Beeline Financial Holdings, Inc. is a technology-driven
mortgage lender and title provider building a fully digital, AI-powered platform that simplifies and accelerates the home financing process.
Headquartered in Providence, RI, Beeline Financial Holdings, Inc. is dedicated to transforming the mortgage industry through innovation
and customer-focused solutions. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beeline Holdings and owns Beeline Loans and Beeline Labs.

About Eastside Distilling, Inc.

Eastside Distilling, Inc. is a producer of award-winning
craft spirits, including whiskey, vodka, and rum. Founded in Portland, OR, Eastside is committed to quality, innovation, and sustainability,
delivering exceptional products that reflect the spirit of the Pacific Northwest.

Contact:

ir@makeabeeline.com

SOURCE:
Eastside Distilling, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>east-20250304.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>east-20250304_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>east-20250304_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38182

Entity Registrant Name EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001534708

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-3937596

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 755 Main Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building 4

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 3

Entity Address, City or Town Monroe

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06468

City Area Code (458)

Local Phone Number 800-9154

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol BLNE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eastsidedistilling.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

east-20250304.xsd 
east-20250304_lab.xml 
east-20250304_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009635-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001534708 

2025-03-04 
2025-03-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001534708 
8-K 
2025-03-04 
EASTSIDE DISTILLING, INC. 
NV 
001-38182 
20-3937596 
755 Main Street 
Building 4 
Suite 3 
Monroe 
CT 
06468 
(458) 
800-9154 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
BLNE 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>