<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-007797.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-007797.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131084517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-007797
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001895249
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41389
		FILM NUMBER:		25576035

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 MOUNT ROYAL AVENUE, SUITE 550
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-395-1333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 MOUNT ROYAL AVENUE, SUITE 550
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Monterey Capital Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211123
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254958d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189524900018952492025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 28, 2025

ConnectM
Technology Solutions, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation) 

001-41389

(Commission File 

Number) 

87-2898342

(I.R.S. Employer Identification 

Number)

2 Mount Royal Avenue, Suite 550

Marlborough, Massachusetts

(Address of principal executive offices) 01752

(Zip code)

617-395-1333

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange 

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share CNTM The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Settlement
Agreement and Stipulation

In January 2025, pursuant to certain claim purchase
agreements between Last Horizon, LLC, a Nevada limited liability corporation (LH) and certain creditors of
ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (ConnectM or the Company)
LH acquired approximately $9.0 million of outstanding liabilities (the Obligation Amount) of ConnectM.

On January 28, 2025, ConnectM entered into a Settlement
Agreement and Stipulation (the Agreement) with LH with respect to the Obligation Amount.

Pursuant to the Agreement, ConnectM has agreed
to issue to LH, in one or more tranches as necessary, that number of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share of ConnectM,
with an aggregate value equal to the Obligation Amount divided by $1.09, subject to adjustment and ownership limitations as set forth
in the Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Agreement does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.1
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth above in Item 1.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Agreement is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

10.1 Settlement
Agreement and Stipulation dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and Last Horizon, LLC

Exhibit
104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 31, 2025

CONNECTM TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By: /s/ Bhaskar Panigrahi 

Name: Bhaskar Panigrahi 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254958d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND STIPULATION

THIS SETTLEMENT
AGREEMENT and STIPULATION is dated as of 1/28/2025 (the Settlement Date) by and between ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.
(CNTM or the Company), a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware, and Last Horizon, LLC,
(LH), a Nevada Limited Liability Corporation.

BACKGROUND:

WHEREAS, there are bona fide
outstanding liabilities of the Company in the principal amount of not less than $9,035,980.14 and

WHEREAS, these liabilities are in default or past due; and

WHEREAS, LH acquired such
liabilities on the terms and conditions set forth in the annexed Claim Purchase Agreement(s), subject however to the agreement of the
Company and compliance with the provisions hereof; and

WHEREAS, CNTM and LH desire
to resolve, settle, and compromise among other things the liabilities as more particularly set forth on Schedule A and the Claims Purchase
Agreements and debt instruments attached and annexed thereto and incorporated herein (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Claims).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Defined Terms. As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings to be equally applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

AGREEMENT shall have the meaning specified in the preamble
hereof.

1

CLAIM AMOUNT shall mean $9,035,980.14.

CLOSING PRICE
shall mean the Sale Price of the last transaction of the Common Stock completed during the days trading session on the Settlement Date
on the Principal Market.

COMMON STOCK
shall mean the Companys common stock, $.0001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class of common stock whether now or hereafter
authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and assets (upon liquidation of the
Company).

COURT shall mean Circuit Courts within the Twelfth Judicial
Circuit of Florida.

DRS shall have the meaning specified in Section 3b.

DTC shall have the meaning specified in Section 3b.

DWAC shall have the meaning specified in Section 3b.

FAST shall have the meaning specified in Section 3b.

SALE PRICE
shall mean the Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Principal Market.

MARKET PRICE shall have the meaning specified in paragraph
9 (nine) herein.

PRINCIPAL
MARKET shall mean the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, CBOE, OTC Markets, OTC Pink, the Over the Counter
Bulletin Board, QB marketplace, the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange, whichever is at the time the principal
trading exchange or market for the Common Stock.

PURCHASE PRICE
shall mean the Closing Price, subject to any adjustments pursuant to Section 9 (nine) herein.

SELLER shall mean any individual
or entity listed on Schedule A, who originally owned the Claims.

2

TRADING DAY shall
mean any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

TRANSFER AGENT
shall mean the transfer agent for the Common Stock (and to any substitute or replacement transfer agent for the Common Stock upon the
Companys appointment of any such substitute or replacement transfer agent).

VALUATION PERIOD
shall mean the five (5) day trading period preceding the share request inclusive of the day of any Share Request pursuant to this
agreement (the trading period); provided that the Valuation Period shall be extended as necessary in the event that (1) the
Initial Issuance is delivered in more than one tranche pursuant to Sections 3(a) though 3(c) below, in which case the Valuation
Period for each issuance shall be extended to include additional trading days pursuant to such issuance. The Valuation Period shall begin
on the date of any Share Request pursuant to this Agreement, but shall be suspended to the extent that (i) any subsequent Initial
Issuance tranche and/or Additional Issuance is due to be made until such date as such Initial Issuance tranche and/or Additional Issuance
is delivered to LH pursuant to Section 3(b)(ii); or (ii) the Company effectuates a reverse stock split during the Valuation
Period. Any period of suspension of the Valuation Period shall be established by means of a written notice from LH to the Company.

2. Fairness
Hearing. Upon the execution hereof, Company and LH agree, pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the
Act), to expeditiously submit the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the Court for a hearing on the fairness of
such terms and conditions, and the issuance exempt from registration of the Settlement Shares. This Agreement shall become binding upon
the parties only upon entry of an order by the Court substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Order).

3

3. Settlement Shares.
Following entry of an Order by the Court in accordance with Paragraph 2 herein and the execution by LH and Company of the Stipulation
and Order of Dismissal (as defined below) subject to paragraph 7 herein, Company shall issue and deliver to LH shares of its Common Stock
(the Settlement Shares) as follows:

a. In
settlement of the Claims, Company shall initially issue and deliver to LH, in one or more tranches as necessary subject to paragraph 3(d) and
(e) herein, shares of Common Stock (the Initial Issuance), subject to adjustment and ownership limitations as set forth
below, sufficient to satisfy the Claim Amount (the total amount of the Claims divided by the Purchase Price) through the issuance of freely
trading securities issued pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (the settlement shares).

b. No
later than the first business day following the date that the Court enters the Order, time being of the essence, Company shall: (i) transmit
via email, facsimile and overnight delivery an irrevocable and unconditional instruction to Companys stock transfer agent in substantially
the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B; and (ii) issue and deliver to LH Settlement Shares in one or more tranches as necessary,
as Direct Registration Systems (DRS) shares to LHs account with the Depository Transfer Company (DTC) or through the Fast Automated
Securities Transfer (FAST) program of DTCs Deposit/Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system, without any legends or restrictions
on transfer, sufficient to satisfy the Claim Amount, through the issuance of freely trading securities issued pursuant to Section 3(a)10
of the Securities Act. Pursuant to this agreement, LH may deliver a request to CNTM either directly or through 4 Companys Transfer
Agent pursuant to Exhibit B which states the dollar amount (designated in U.S. dollars) of Common Stock to be issued
to LH (the Share Request or Conversion Notice). The date upon which the first tranche of the Initial Issuance
shares has been received into LHs account and are available for sale by LH shall be referred to as the Issuance Date.
Additionally, the Company shall be fully responsible for all of the Transfer Agents costs for each and every conversion of the
Settlement Shares pursuant to this section which shall be promptly paid upon request by said Transfer Agent of CNTM. The Company further
irrevocably and unconditionally authorizes the Companys Transfer Agent to provide LH with the Companys current Share Structure,
including, but not limited to the Companys current Issued and Outstanding shares at any time upon the request of LH to the Companys
Transfer Agent.

4

c. During
the Valuation Period, the Company shall deliver to LH, through the Initial Issuance and any required Additional Issuance subject to paragraph
3(d) and (e) herein that number of shares (the Final Amount) with an aggregate value equal to (A) the sum
of the Claim Amount, divided by (B) the Purchase Price. The parties acknowledge that the number of Settlement Shares to be issued
pursuant to this Agreement is indeterminable as of the date of its execution, and could well exceed the current existing number of shares
outstanding as of the date of its execution.

d. At
the end of the Valuation Period, if the sum of the Initial Issuance and any Additional Issuance is greater than the Final Amount, LH shall
promptly deliver any remaining shares to Company or its transfer agent for cancellation.

5

e. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, it is the intention of the parties that the Settlement Shares beneficially
owned by LH at any given time shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Company then beneficially
owned by LH, or deemed beneficially owned by LH, would result in LH owning more than 4.99% of all of such Common Stock as would be outstanding
on such date, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. In compliance
therewith, the Company agrees to deliver the Initial Issuance and any Additional Issuances in one or more tranches.

f. For the avoidance of doubt,
the price used to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered pursuant to any Share Request shall be rounded up to
the nearest decimal place of .00001.

4. Necessary
Action. At all times after the execution of this Agreement and entry of the Order by the Court, each party hereto agrees to take
or cause to be taken all such necessary action including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of such further instruments
and documents, as may be reasonably requested by any party for such purposes or otherwise necessary to effect and complete the transactions
contemplated hereby.

5. Releases.
Upon receipt of all of the Settlement Shares for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and except for the
obligations, representations, indemnifications pursuant to paragraph 16 herein and covenants arising or made hereunder or a breach hereof,
the parties hereby release, acquit and forever discharge the other and each, every and all of their current and past officers, directors,
shareholders, affiliated corporations, subsidiaries, agents, employees, representatives, attorneys, predecessors, successors and assigns
(the Released Parties), of and from any and all claims, damages, cause of action, suits and costs, of whatever nature,
character or description, whether known or unknown, anticipated or unanticipated, which the parties may now have or may hereafter
have or claim to have against each other with respect to the Claims. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to negate or affect LHs
right and title to any securities heretofore issued to it by Company or any subsidiary of Company.

6

6. 
Representations. Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to LH as follows:

a. There
are one hundred million (100,000,000) shares of Common Stock of the Company authorized as of January 27, 2025, of which approximately
twenty nine million ninety three thousand two hundred eighty nine (29,093,289) Shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding as of
January 27, 2025; and seventy million nine hundred and six thousand seven hundred eleven (70,906,711) Shares of Common Stock are
available for issuance pursuant hereto;

b. The
shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Order are duly authorized, and when issued will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities;

c. The
shares will be exempt from registration under the Securities Act and issuable without any restrictive legend;

d. The
Company shall initially reserve from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 1.5 times
the greater of the number of shares that could be issued pursuant to the terms of the Order and that Company shall initially reserve
at its transfer agent, at a minimum, ten million (10,000,000) shares during the Valuation Period in order to ensure that it can
properly carry out the terms of this agreement, which may only be released to Company once all of the Settlement Shares have been delivered
and converted pursuant to this agreement and Companys obligations are otherwise fully satisfied or there has otherwise been a
default pursuant to the terms of this agreement; of this reserve amount, LH plans on converting this Settlement into that number of shares
and in many instances more shares, should the price go down. In the event that Company effectuates a reverse split of Companys
Common Stock while any obligations are owed to LH pursuant to this Agreement by Company, then the reserve shares shall be proportionately
adjusted;

7

e. If
at any time it appears reasonably likely that there may be insufficient authorized shares and/or reserve shares to fully comply with the
Order, Company shall promptly increase its authorized shares and/or reserve shares to ensure its ability to timely comply with the Order;

f. As
of the date of this agreement the execution of this Agreement and performance of the Order by Company and LH will not (1) conflict
with, violate or cause a breach or default under any agreements between Company and any creditor (or any affiliate thereof) related to
the account receivables comprising the Claims, or (2) require any waiver, consent, or other action of the Company or any creditor,
or their respective affiliates, that has not already been obtained;

g. Without
limitation, the Company hereby waives any provision in any agreement related to the account receivables comprising the Claims requiring
payments to be applied in a certain order, manner, or fashion, or providing for exclusive jurisdiction in any court other than this Court;

8

h. The
Company has all necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement;

i. The
Company has corporate Shareholders delegations in place with sufficient authorized capital or shall arrange a Shareholders
meeting to satisfy the legal and regulatory requirements in connection with this transaction;

j. The
corporate issuance shall be made without preferential subscription rights of the existing Shareholders or holders of Securities
granting access to the Companys capital;

k. This
Settlement Agreement and Stipulation shall be subject to all required corporate authorizations by the Company;

l. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Company has been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Company
and its Board of Directors (including a majority of its independent directors), and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by Company;

m. Company
did not enter into the transaction giving rise to the Claims in contemplation of any sale or distribution of Companys common stock
or other securities;

n. Other
than as expressly stated herein, there has been no modification, compromise, forbearance, or waiver entered into or given with respect
to the Claims. There is no action based on the Claims that is currently pending in any court or other legal venue, and no judgments based
upon the Claims have been previously entered in any legal proceeding with the exceptions as contained in the Claim Purchase Agreements;

9

o. There
are no taxes due, payable or withholdable as an incident of Sellers provision of goods and services, and no taxes will be due,
payable or withholdable as a result of settlement of the Claims;

p. Seller
was not and within the past ninety (90) days has not been directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries in control, controlled
by, or under common control with, the Company and is not an affiliate of the Company as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the
Act;

q. Company
is operational and is a non-shell company within the meaning of Rule 405 and all applicable Securities Rules and Registration
pertaining thereto;

r. Company
represents that Seller is not, directly or indirectly, utilizing any of the proceeds received from LH for selling the Claims to provide
any consideration to or invest in any manner in the Company or any affiliate of the Company;

s. Company
has not received any notice (oral or written) from the SEC or Principal Market regarding a halt, limitation or suspension of trading in
the Common Stock; and

t. Seller
will not, directly or indirectly, receive any consideration from or be compensated in any manner by, the Company, or any affiliate of
the Company, in exchange for or in consideration of selling the Claims;

u. Company
represents that each Claim being purchased pursuant hereto is a bona-fide Claim against the Company and that the invoices or written
contract(s)/promissory notes underlying each Claim are accurate representations of the nature of the debt and the amounts owed by the
Company to Seller and that the goods or services which are the subject of the Claims being purchased have been received or rendered;

10

v. Company
acknowledges that LH or its affiliates may from time to time, hold outstanding securities of the Company which may be convertible in shares
of the Companys common stock at a floating conversion rate tied to the current market price for the stock. The number of shares
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement may increase substantially in certain circumstances, including, but not necessarily
limited to the circumstance wherein the trading price of the Common Stock declines during the Valuation Period. The Companys executive
officers and directors have studied and fully understand the nature of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and recognize that
they have a potential dilutive effect. The board of directors of the Company has concluded in its good faith business judgment that such
transaction is in the best interests of the Company. The Company specifically acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Settlement
Shares is binding upon the Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other
shareholders of the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company has further given its consent for each conversion of shares of stock
pursuant to this agreement and agrees and consents that same may occur below the par value of the Companys Common Stock if applicable.

w. None
of the transactions agreements or proceedings described above is part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and CNTM and LH are acting and have acted in an arms length capacity.

11

7. Continuing
Jurisdiction. Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, the attorneys representing the parties hereto will execute a stipulation
of dismissal substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit C (the Stipulation of Dismissal). The parties hereto
expressly agree that said Stipulation of Dismissal shall not be filed but shall be held in escrow by counsel for LH, until such
time that Company has fully complied with all of its obligations pursuant to this Settlement Agreement and Stipulation. In order to enable
the Court to grant specific enforcement or other equitable relief in connection with this Agreement, (a) the parties consent to
the jurisdiction of the Court for purposes of enforcing this Agreement, and (b) each party to this Agreement expressly waives any
contention that there is an adequate remedy at law or any like doctrine that might otherwise preclude injunctive relief to enforce this
Agreement.

8. Conditions Precedent/ Default.

a. If
Company shall default in promptly delivering the Settlement Shares to LH in the form and mode of delivery as required by Paragraphs 2,
3, 4 and 6 herein or otherwise fail in any way to fully comply with the provisions thereof;

b. If the Order shall not have
been entered by the Court on or prior to February 1, 2025;

c. If the Company shall fail
to comply with the Covenants set forth in Paragraph 15 hereof;

12

d. If
(i) Bankruptcy, dissolution, receivership, reorganization, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief
under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors or other legal proceedings for any reason shall be instituted by or against
the Company; or (ii) if the trading of the Common Stock shall have been halted, limited, or suspended by the SEC or on the Principal
Market; or trading in securities generally on the Principal Market shall have been suspended or limited; or, (iii) minimum prices
shall have been established for securities traded on the Principal Market, or LHs selling broker, or eligible for delivery via
DTC or DWAC; or (iv) any portion of the Common Stock is for any reason not eligible or unable to be deposited and/or cleared through
LHs broker, brokerage account and/or clearing agent for trade without restriction on the Principal Market pursuant to the requirements
of this Agreement; or (v) the Common Stock is no longer eligible for book transfer delivery via DWAC; or (vi) the Company is
delinquent or has not made its required Securities and Exchange Commission filings or disclosures in whole or in part; or (vii) if
any time, the Sale Price for the Companys Common Stock drops to at or below $1.13 (which price shall be proportionately adjusted
in the event of a reverse split); or (viii) if at any time, the thirty (30) day average volume of the trading of the Companys
Common Stock drops to at or below one hundred forty thousand (140,000) shares per day; or (ix) there shall have been any material
adverse change in the Companys finances or operations, or in the financial markets such that, in the reasonable judgment of LH,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to trade the Settlement Shares; and such suspension, limitation or other action is not cured within
three (3) trading days; then the Company shall be deemed in default of the Agreement and Order and this Agreement and/or any remaining
obligations, in whole or in part, of LH pursuant to this Agreement shall be voidable in the sole discretion of LH, unless otherwise agreed
by written agreement of the parties;

13

e. In
the event that the Company fails to fully comply with the conditions precedent as specified in paragraph 8 a. through d. herein, or the
Conditions Precedent are not fully met or satisfied then the Company shall be deemed in default of the agreement and LH, at its option
and in its sole discretion, may declare Company to be in default of the Agreement and Order in whole or in part, and this Agreement and/or
any remaining obligations of LH, in whole or in part pursuant to this Agreement shall be voidable in the sole discretion of LH, unless
otherwise agreed by written agreement of the parties. In said event, LH shall have no further obligation to comply with the terms of this
agreement and can thus opt out of making any remaining payments, in whole or in part, if applicable, not previously made to creditors
as contemplated by the Claims Purchase Agreements as referenced in schedule A. In the event Company is declared to be in default in whole
or in part, Company shall remain fully obligated to comply with the terms of this Settlement Agreement and Stipulation for issuance of
shares of stock to LH for any amount of debt previously purchased and paid for by LH pursuant to the terms of this Settlement Agreement
and Stipulation, Schedule A, as well as Order Approving same and any amount of debt subsequently purchased and paid for by LH in the
event of a partial default. In LHs sole discretion, LH may declare a partial default pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
including, but not limited to Companys full compliance and satisfaction of its obligations and Conditions Precedent herein as
it relates to Purchase of the Claims as more particularly set forth on Schedule A and the Claims Purchase Agreements and debt instruments
attached and annexed thereto and incorporated herein (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Claims). In the event
that a partial default is declared, then the remaining obligations of LH and Company pursuant to this Agreement, shall remain in full
force and effect unless otherwise defaulted.

14

9. Amended
Purchase Price. If at any time the Sale Price for the Companys Common Stock drops below the Closing Price, then the Purchase
Price shall mean the lower of (i) the Closing Price or (ii) 85% multiplied by the Market Price subject to and notwithstanding
a minimum price floor of $0.02. In the event of the occurrence of a default event pursuant to the provisions of Section 8(d)(ii),
(iii), (iv), (v) or (vi), then the multiple of this Section 9 (ii) shall be 75% multiplied by the Market Price subject
to and not withstanding a price floor of $0.02. The Market Price shall mean the lowest volume weighted average price (VWAP)
during the Valuation Period. In the event the Settlement Shares are not delivered on the same date as the Share Request or Conversion
Notice, the Valuation Period will be extended to the date the Settlement Shares and/or Settlement Fee Shares are Delivered.
Delivered shall mean the date the shares clear deposit into LHs brokerage account, which shall be the date LH is
able to trade the shares free from restrictions of any kind including by LHs Brokerage firm, DTC, Company or Companys Transfer
Agent (the Extended Valuation Period). Extending the Valuation Period will not adjust the number of shares delivered but
will adjust the market price, Settlement Shares and the amount the Claim amount is reduced as a result of the conversion, and will be
memorialized by an Amended Share Request or Conversion Notice, which will be submitted to the Company or Companys Transfer Agent
by LH, if applicable.

10. Information.
Company and LH each represent that prior to the execution of this Agreement, they have fully informed themselves of its terms, contents,
conditions and effects, and that no promise or representation of any kind has been made to them except as expressly stated in this Agreement.

11. Ownership
and Authority. Company and LH represent and warrant that they have not sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed or otherwise disposed
of any or all of any claim, demand, right, or cause of action, relating to any matter which is covered by this Agreement, that each is
the sole owner of such claim, demand, right or cause of action, and each has the power and authority and has been duly authorized to
enter into and perform this Agreement and that this Agreement is the binding obligation of each, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

15

12. No
Admission. This Agreement is contractual and it has been entered into in order to compromise disputed claims and to avoid the uncertainty
and expense of the litigation. This Agreement and each of its provisions in any orders of the Court relating to it shall not be
offered or received in evidence in any action, proceeding or otherwise used as an admission or concession as to the merits of the Action
or the liability of any nature on the part of any of the parties hereto except to enforce its terms.

13. Binding
Nature. This Agreement shall be binding on all parties executing this Agreement and their respective successors, assigns and heirs.

14. Authority
to Bind. Each party to this Agreement represents and warrants that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions provided in this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action of the respective entity
and that the person executing this Agreement on its behalf has the full capacity to bind that entity. Each party further represents and
warrants that it has been represented by independent counsel of its choice in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement,
and that counsel has reviewed this Agreement. Company further represents and warrants that they have had corporate legal counsel review
and agree to the terms of this Agreement independent of counsel of their choosing to represent Company at any fairness hearing or hearings
to approve this Agreement.

15. 
Covenants.

a. For
so long as LH or any of its affiliates holds any shares of Common Stock, neither Company nor any of its affiliates shall vote any shares
of Common Stock owned or controlled by it, or solicit any proxies or seek to advise or influence any person with respect to any voting
securities of Company; in favor of (1) an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a reorganization, reverse stock split
or liquidation, involving Company or any of its subsidiaries, (2) a sale or transfer of a material amount of assets of Company
or any of its subsidiaries, (3) any material change in the present capitalization or dividend policy of Company, (4) any other
material change in Companys business or corporate structure, (5) a change in Companys charter, bylaws or instruments
corresponding thereto (6) causing a class of securities of Defendant to be delisted from a national securities exchange or to cease
to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system of a registered national securities association, (7) causing a
class of equity securities of Company to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (8) terminating its Transfer Agent (9) taking any action which would impede the
purposes and objects of this Settlement Agreement or (10) effectuating or taking any action, intention, plan or arrangement similar
to any of those enumerated above. The provisions of this paragraph may not be modified or waived without further order of the Court.

b. Immediately
upon the signing of the Settlement Order by the Court, the Company shall cause to be filed a Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange
Commission disclosing the settlement or Press Release as applicable. The Company shall further immediately file such additional SEC filings
as may be or are required in respect of the transactions.

c. LH
hereby covenants that they have not provided any funds or other consideration to the Company and have no intent to do so. In no event
shall any of the funds received from the sale of shares of the Company in reliance upon the Court Order be used to provide any consideration
to the Company or any affiliate of the Company.

16

16. 
Indemnification. Company covenants and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold LH and its agents, employees, representatives,
officers, directors, stockholders, controlling persons and affiliates harmless arising from or incident or related to this Agreement,
including, without limitation, any claim or action brought derivatively or by the Seller or Shareholders of the Company and further,
harmless against any charges, claims, suits, losses, expenses, damages, obligations, fines, judgments, liabilities, costs and expenses
(including actual costs of investigation and reasonable attorneys fees) whether brought by an individual or entity or imposed
by a court of law or by administrative action of any Federal, State or Local governmental body or agency, administrative agency or regulatory
authority related to arising in any manner out of, based upon or in connection with (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact made by the Company or any omission or alleged omission of the Company to state a material fact required to be stated
herein or in any seller document or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (b) the inaccuracy or breach of any
covenant, representation or warranty made by the Company contained herein or in any seller document or (c) any transaction,
proposal or any other matter contemplated herein. The Company will promptly reimburse the indemnified parties for all expenses (including
reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) as incurred in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense of any
pending or threatened claim related to or arising in any manner out of any matter contemplated by this Agreement, or any action or proceeding
arising therefrom, whether or not such indemnified party is a formal party to any such proceeding. This Agreement specifically includes,
but is not limited to the foregoing concerning any claim that LH is in violation of or has violated Section 5 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, for unlawful or unauthorized sale of securities based upon LHs reliance on representations of Company
or misrepresentations of Company pursuant to (a), (b) or (c) herein and/or that any payments made by LH to Creditors were
fraudulent, based upon false instruments provided to LH or not bona fide claims within the meaning of Section 3(a)(10) of the
Securities Act of 1933 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be liable in respect of any claims that a court of competent
jurisdiction has judicially determined by final judgment (and the time to appeal has expired or the last right of appeal of has been
denied) which resulted solely or in part from the willful misconduct of an indemnified party or the willful violation of any securities
law or regulations by the indemnified party. The Company further agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent of LH, settle,
compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which indemnification may be
sought hereunder (whether or not LH or any indemnified party is an actual or potential party to such proceeding), unless such settlement,
compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of LH and each other indemnified party hereunder from all liability arising out
of such proceeding. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in any case in which (i) an Indemnified Party is entitled
to indemnification pursuant to this Indemnification Agreement but it is judicially determined by the entry of a final judgment decree
by a court of competent jurisdiction and (the time to appeal has expired or the last right of appeal has been denied) that such indemnification
may not be enforced in such case, or (ii) contribution may be required by the Company in circumstances for which an Indemnified
Party is otherwise entitled to indemnification under the Agreement, then, and in each such case, the Company shall contribute to the
aggregate losses, Claims and damages and/or liabilities in an amount equal to the amount for which indemnification was held unavailable.

17

The Company further agrees
that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for
or in connection with LHs agreement hereunder except for Claims that a court of competent jurisdiction shall have determined by
final judgment (and the time to appeal has expired or the last right of appeal has been denied) resulted solely or in part from the willful
misconduct of such Indemnified Party or the willful violation of any securities laws or regulations by an Indemnified Party. The indemnity,
reimbursement and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may
otherwise have an shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the
Company or an Indemnified Party.

17. Legal
Effect. The parties to this Agreement represent that each of them has been advised as to the terms and legal effect of this Agreement
and the Order provided for herein, and that the settlement and compromise stated herein is final and conclusive forthwith, shall supersede
all prior written or oral between the parties, subject to the conditions stated herein, and each attorney represents that his or her
client has freely consented to and authorized this Agreement after having been so advised.

18. Mutual
Drafting. Each party has participated jointly in the drafting of this Agreement which each party acknowledges is the result of negotiation
between the parties and the language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent. If ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, then this Agreement will accordingly be construed as drafted
jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party to this Agreement by virtue
of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

18

19. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of LH in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of,
any rights or remedies otherwise available.

20. Waiver
of Defense. Each party hereto waives a statement of decision, and the right to appeal from the Order after its entry. Company further
waives any defense based on the rule against splitting causes of action. The prevailing party in any motion to enforce the Order
shall be awarded its reasonable attorney fees and expenses in connection with such motion. Except as expressly set forth herein, each
party shall bear its own attorneys fees, expenses and costs.

21. Signatures.
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and the Agreement, together with its counterpart signature pages, shall be deemed valid
and binding on each party when duly executed by all parties. Facsimile and electronically scanned signatures shall be deemed valid and
binding for all purposes. This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by the party to be charged with enforcement
thereof. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

22. Choice
of Law, Etc. Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by either of the parties, or any other factor, all
terms and provisions hereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, applicable to agreements
made and to be fully performed in that State and without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Any action brought to
enforce, or otherwise arising out of this Agreement shall be brought only in State Court sitting in the Twelfth Judicial Circuit, State
of Florida.

19

23. Exclusivity. For a period of the later of one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of the execution of this Agreement or upon LHs final
sale of all shares of stock issued pursuant hereto subsequent to final adjustment; (a) Company and its representatives shall not
enter into any exchange transaction under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act nor directly or indirectly discuss, negotiate
or consider any proposal, plan or offer from any other party relating to any liabilities, or any financial transaction having an effect
or result similar to the transactions contemplated hereby without the express written consent of LH; and (b) LH shall have the exclusive
right to negotiate and execute definitive documentation embodying the terms set forth herein and other mutually acceptable terms.

24. Inconsistency.
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any other document executed in connection herewith, the
terms of this Agreement shall control to the extent necessary to resolve such inconsistency.

25. NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted hereunder
shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively given on the earliest of

(a) the
date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefore or by confirmed facsimile transmission,

(b) the
fifth business day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by registered or certified mail, or

(c) the
second business day after mailing by domestic or international express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid,

(d) delivery by email upon delivery,

20

in each case, addressed to each of the other parties
thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by ten (10) days advance
written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto):

Company:

Attn: 

Telephone No.: 

E-mail: 

with a copy to:

Attn: 

And 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed
this Settlement Agreement and Stipulation as of the date first indicated above.

ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.

By: /s/ Bhaskar Panigrahi

Name: Bhaskar Panigrahi

Title: CEO

Last Horizon, LLC

By: /s/ John Nies

Name: John Nies

Title: Authorized signatory

21

EXHIBIT A

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE TWELFTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT

IN AND FOR ____________ COUNTY, FLORIDA

Last Horizon, LLC,

a Nevada Corporation,

Plaintiff,

v. Case No.

ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.,

a Delaware Corporation,

Defendant.

_________________________________________/

ORDER GRANTING APPROVAL
OF

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
AND STIPULATION

This matter having come
on for a hearing on the ___ day of _________, 2025, to approve the Settlement Agreement entered into as of ________ ___, 202__
between Plaintiff, ______________________________________
(Plaintiff) and Defendant, _______________________________________ (Defendant and collectively
with Plaintiff, the Parties), and the Court having held a hearing as to the fairness of the terms and conditions of
the Settlement Agreement and Stipulation and being otherwise fully advised in the premises, the Court hereby finds as follows:

1. The Court has been
advised that the Parties intend that the sale of the Shares (as defined by the Settlement Agreement and, hereinafter, the
Shares) to and the resale of the Shares by Plaintiff in the United States, assuming satisfaction of all other
applicable securities laws and regulations, will be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities
Act) in reliance upon Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act based upon this Courts finding herein that the
terms and conditions of the issuance of the Shares by Defendant to Plaintiff are fair to Plaintiff;

22

2. The
hearing having been scheduled upon the consent of Plaintiff and Defendant, Plaintiff has had adequate notice of the hearing and Plaintiff
is the only party to whom Shares will be issued pursuant to the Settlement Agreement;

3. The
terms and conditions of the issuance of the Shares in exchange for the release of certain claims as set forth in the Settlement Agreement
are fair to Plaintiff, the only party to whom the Shares will be issued;

4. The
fairness hearing was open to Plaintiff. Plaintiff was represented by counsel at the hearing who acknowledged that adequate notice of the
hearing was given and consented to the entry of this Order.

It is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED
that the Settlement Agreement and Stipulation is hereby approved as fair to the party to whom the Shares will be issued, within the meaning
of Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act and that the sale of the Shares to Plaintiff and the resale of the Shares in the United
States by Plaintiff, assuming satisfaction of all other applicable securities laws and regulations, will be exempt from registration under
the Securities Act of 1933. The Settlement Agreement and Stipulation entered into between the parties is hereby approved and the parties
are ordered to comply with same. The Circuit Court of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit in and for _____________ County, Florida reserves jurisdiction
over the parties to this action as well as the subject matter herein for purposes of contempt and enforcement of the Settlement Agreement
and Stipulation as well as for such other purposes as allowed by law.

23

SO ORDERED, this ___ day of ___________, 202_.

The Honorable 

Conformed copies to:

, Esq.

, Esq.

24

EXHIBIT B

[To be reprinted on Company letterhead]

Date

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, Floor 30

New York, NY 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

ConnectM Technology
Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Last Horizon, LLC (the Investor) have
entered into a Settlement Agreement dated as of ______________ (the Agreement) providing for the issuance of the
Settlement in the principal amount of $9,035,980.14 (the Settlement).

You are hereby irrevocably authorized
and instructed to reserve a sufficient number of shares of common stock (shares) of the Company (initially, 10,000,000 shares)
for issuance upon full conversion of the Settlement in accordance with the terms thereof. The amount of shares so reserved may be increased,
from time to time, only upon the written instructions of the Company.

The ability to convert
the Settlement in a timely manner is a material obligation of the Company pursuant to the Settlement. Provided you are acting as
Transfer Agent at the time and provided no single issuance is greater than 4.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the
Company, your firm is hereby irrevocably authorized and instructed to within two (2) Trading days issue shares of Common Stock
of the Company to the Investor upon your receipt from the Company of: (i) a notice of conversion (Conversion
Notice) executed by the Investor, (ii) an opinion of the companys counsel or counsel of the Investor hereby
designated by the Company as counsel to the Company for transactions hereunder, confirming that the shares may be issued upon
conversion of the Settlement without any transfer restrictions pursuant to an effective resale Registration Statement or pursuant to
the exemption provided by Rule 144 (or any other available exemption) under the Federal Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), and (iii) copies of all supporting Settlement or Rule 144 documentation (a sellers
representation letter and a brokers representation letter if the shares have been held less than twelve months). Such shares
should be issued, at the option of the Investor as specified in the Notice of Conversion either (i) electronically by crediting
the account of a Prime Broker with the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC)
system provided the Investor causes its broker or bank to initiate a DWAC deposit or (ii) in certificated form without any
restrictive legend which would restrict the transfer of the shares, provided however that if such shares are not able to be sold
under Rule 144 or any other exemption under the Securities Act and you have received an opinion from the Companys or
Investors counsel that the issuance of the shares is exempt from registration under the Securities Act and when issued the
shares will be fully paid and non-assessable, then the issued certificates for such shares shall bear the following restrictive
legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN
THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM, SUBSTANCE AND
SCOPE CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144 UNDER SAID ACT.

25

The shares shall remain in
the created reserve with the Transfer Agent until counsel to the Investor and an authorized officer of the Company provides
joint written instructions to the Transfer Agent that the shares or any part of them shall be taken out of the reserve and shall no longer
be subject to the terms of these instructions.

The Company shall indemnify
you and your officers, directors, principals, partners, agents and representatives, and hold each of them harmless from and against any
and all loss, liability, damage, claim or expense (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its attorneys) incurred by or asserted
against you or any of them arising out of or in connection with the instructions set forth herein, the performance of your duties hereunder
and otherwise in respect hereof, including the costs and expenses of defending yourself or themselves against any claim or liability including
any claim which may be made or asserted by the Company, except that the Company shall not be liable hereunder as to matters in respect
of which it is determined that you have acted with gross negligence or in bad faith. You shall have no liability to the Company and the
Investor in respect of this if such action was taken or omitted to be taken in good faith, and you shall be entitled to rely in this regard
and without liability on the advice of counsel, including counsel selected by you.

The Board of Directors of the
Company has approved these irrevocable instructions and does hereby extend the Companys irrevocable agreement to indemnify your
firm for all loss, liability or expense in carrying out the authority and direction herein contained on the terms herein set forth.

The Company agrees that in
the event that you resign as the Companys transfer agent, the Company shall engage a suitable replacement transfer agent that
will agree to serve as transfer agent for the Company within five (5) business days. The Company acknowledges that we will have
the right to complete any issuance or conversion request received in good order prior to our resignation. It is also understood that
you are permitted to resign without any stipulated conditions.

26

The Investor is intended to
be and is a third party beneficiary hereof, and no amendment or modification to the instructions set forth herein may be made without
the consent of the Investor.

Notwithstanding any other provision
hereof, the Company and the Investor understand that you shall not be required to perform any issuance of the Shares if (a) such
an issuance or transfer of Shares is in violation of any state or federal securities laws or regulations or (b) the issuance of the
Shares is prohibited or stopped as required or directed by a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction. Additionally, Company
and Investor understand that you shall not be required to perform any issuance of the Shares if Company is in default of its payment obligations
under its agreement with you.

Very truly yours,

ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date:

Acknowledged and Agreed:

[Investor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Acknowledged and Agreed:

[Transfer Agent]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

27

EXHIBIT C

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE TWELFTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT

IN AND FOR _____________ COUNTY, FLORIDA

Last Horizon, LLC,

a Nevada Corporation,

Plaintiff,

v. Case No.

ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.,

a Delaware Corporation,

Defendant.

_______________________________/

STIPULATION AND ORDER
OF DISMISSAL

IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED
AND AGREED, by and between the undersigned, the attorneys of record for all the parties to the above-entitled action, pursuant to
the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, that whereas no party hereto is an infant or incompetent person for whom a committee has been
appointed or conservatee and no person not a party has an interest in the subject matter of the action, the above-entitled action be,
and the same hereby is, dismissed, each party to bear its own costs.

Dated: _______________________, 202_.

SO ORDERED: 

The Honorable 

28

SCHEDULE A

CLAIMS

29

AGREEMENT FOR WAIVERS
OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

The undersigned parties acknowledge, understand and agree as follows:

A legal action has been or will be filed in the
Twelfth Judicial Circuit Courts of the State of Florida by Last Horizon, LLC (hereafter LH) against ConnectM Technology
Solutions, Inc. (hereafter CNTM) for money owed and due to LH pursuant to a valid and enforceable claim against CNTM
assigned to LH by CNTM creditors.

The parties consent
to the jurisdiction and venue of the Circuit Court of the 12th Judicial Circuit Courts of the State of Florida for
the legal action.

The parties understand that their attorneys have
worked together for a number of years and that this matter may have been referred to David A. Altier, Esquire by Charles N. Cleland, Jr.,
Esquire, and each party waives any objections to potential conflicts of interest that may arise from the parties respective attorneys
prior professional association or relationship. The parties further acknowledge the possibility that depending on the financial circumstances
of CNTM, that LH may advance all or part of David A. Altier, Esquires legal fees to be paid through the Trust Account of LHs
counsel incurred or to be incurred by David A. Altier, Esquire relative to the representation of CNTM in connection with the above-referenced
legal action. If either of the parties believe that the representation of LH by Charles N. Cleland, Jr., Esquire or the representation
of CNTM by David A. Altier, Esquire in the legal action poses an actual conflict in interest at any point in the legal process, or if
any of the parties opposes any aspect of the legal process so that the legal action will become or actually becomes contested, both Charles
N. Cleland, Jr., Esquire and David A. Altier, Esquire shall withdraw from representation in the legal action and the parties shall
be required to obtain independent legal counsel relative to this matter.

ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.

By: /s/ Bhaskar Panigrahi CEO Date: 1/28/2025

Name and Title 

Last Horizon, LLC 

By: /s/ John NiesAuthorized
signatory Date: 1/28/2025

Name and Title 

Date: 

David A. Altier, Esq. 

Date: 

Charles N. Cleland, Jr., Esq. 

ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.s

CONSENT RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

WHEREAS pursuant
to the provisions of the contracting documents of ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc. (the Corporation), the
undersigned, being all of the Directors of the Corporation (and herein the entire Board of Directors of the Corporation),
hereby consent to, vote in favor of and adopt the following consent resolutions; which Board of Directors by the Directors signatures
hereto do hereby waive any and all requirements for the giving of notice for and of the convening of a meeting of the Board of Directors;

WHEREAS, the Corporation has the following outstanding payable:

Last Horizon, LLCs payment of Corporation
debts and accounts payable: Total $9,035.980.14 (the Payables);

WHEREAS, Last Horizon,
LLC (Last Horizon, LLC) purchased the Payables from their respective holders and has filed a claim (the Claim)
against the Corporation for the payment of the Payables with the State Court within Florida (the Court);

WHEREAS, the Corporation
and Last Horizon, LLC desire to resolve, settle, and compromise among other things, the Payables pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
and Stipulation, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Settlement Agreement).

THE FOLLOWING
CONSENT RESOLUTIONS of the Board of Directors were approved by the Board of Directors on
1/28/2025 (the Effective Date herein).

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED THAT:

1. NOW,
THEREFORE, IT IS RESOLVED, that the Board authorizes the Corporation to settle the Payables in the aggregate amount of $9,035.980.14
with Last Horizon, LLC; and it is further

RESOLVED, that the
Settlement Agreement is approved and accepted in all respects and that the Corporation is authorized to perform any and all obligations
thereunder, including any and all stipulations or agreements to be submitted to the Court in settlement of the Claim, and to take or
cause to be taken any and all actions, to execute and deliver any and all stipulations, certificates, instructions, requests, or other
instruments, and to do any and all things which, in the appropriate officers judgment, may be necessary or desirable to effect and carry
out the purposes of the Settlement Agreement, the taking of any such actions, the execution and delivery of any such stipulations, certificates,
instructions, requests, or instruments, or the doing of any such things to be conclusive evidence of their necessity or desirability;
and it is further

RESOLVED, that,
pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Corporation is authorized to issue to Last Horizon, LLC, in one or more tranches as
necessary, shares of Common Stock (the Settlement Conversion Shares) sufficient to satisfy the Claims pursuant to the
terms of the Settlement Agreement and Stipulation attached hereto subject to adjustments contained therein, and that when the
Settlement Conversion Shares are issued pursuant to the Settlement Agreement and the Order of the Court, the Settlement Conversion
Shares shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares; and it is further

RESOLVED, that

2. Ratification of the
filing of any Report required in order to evidence or disclose the Corporations Corporate Matters herein. The Directors hereby ratify,
confirm and approve that, in conjunction with the within ratification of each of the Corporations Corporate Matters, the Corporation
file any and all required financial and/or other disclosure reports (each a Report) with all required regulatory authorities
having jurisdiction over the affairs of the Corporation and including, without limitation, with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC), in order to evidence and disclose the same; and that the Directors or Executive Officers of the Corporation
be and the same are hereby authorized to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Corporation, any such Report, together with any and all
other documentation as may be required in order to effect the finalization of the Report, and together with the filing by the Corporation
of any and all documentation as may be necessary in order to effect the same;

Ratification of Application
for approval, if required, of each of the Corporations Corporate Matters and related matters

3. Ratification
of Application for approval. The Corporations counsel and/or the Corporations authorized representative or representatives (collectively,
the Corporations Representative) be and the same is hereby acknowledged as being authorized to file each of the subject Corporations
Corporate Matters, together with any and all documentation and information respecting the same, for approval (collectively, the Application),
if required, with, as required, each such regulatory authority and stock exchange which, from time to time, may have jurisdiction over
the affairs of the Corporation (collectively, the Regulatory Authorities);

4. Ratification
of form of Application. The Corporations Representatives form of Application to the Regulatory Authorities for approval of the terms
and conditions of each of the subject Corporations Corporate Matters, together with any and all documentation and information respecting
the same, in the form of the Application which will be presented to the Board of Directors by the Corporations Representative, be and
the same is hereby authorized by the Corporation together with such additions thereto, changes therein and deletions therefore as the
Corporations Representative may require, from time to time, to comply with the requirements of the Regulatory Authorities, and any other
documents as the Corporations Representative considers necessary for such purpose;

5. Ratification
of amendments to the Application. Any amendments, deletions and additions required to be made to the Application or the filing thereof
with the Regulatory Authorities, from time to time for re-submission to such Regulatory Authorities, be authorized to be made by the Corporations
Representative, and that the Board of Directors does hereby approve and ratify any present and future Application submissions by the Corporations
Representative to such Regulatory Authorities subject at all times to the approval of the definitive version of the Application by the
Board of Directors prior to submission thereof;

6. Ratification
of further documents. Any other documents deemed necessary by the Corporations Representative shall be prepared and filed wherever
required with respect to any Application regarding the subject Corporations Corporate Matters, together with any and all documentation
and information respecting the same;

7. Ratification
of authority. The Directors or Executive Officers of the Corporation be and the same are hereby authorized and directed for and on
behalf of the Corporation to do and perform all acts and things and execute and deliver all documents and take all such other steps as
may be necessary or desirable to give full effect to these consent resolutions;

8. Ratification
of the corporate seal. The corporate seal of the Corporation may be affixed to any document provided for in these consent resolutions;
and

9. Ratification
of the counterparts and execution via Electronic Communication. These consent resolutions may be signed on behalf of the Board of
Directors in as many counterparts as may be necessary, each of which when so signed to be deemed an original, and that such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument and notwithstanding the date of execution shall be deemed to be dated the Effective
Date as set forth hereinabove and, furthermore, these consent resolutions may be delivered by any Director of the Board of Directors by
telecopier or other means of electronic communication producing a printed copy (collectively, the Electronic Communication)
and, in connection therewith, shall be deemed to have been effectively executed and delivered as of the Effective Date via Electronic
Communication.

Sincerely,

/s/ Bhaskar Panigrahi 

By: Bhaskar Panigrahi 

Title: CEO 

By: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A - Settlement Agreement

[To be reprinted on Company letterhead]

Date 1/28/2025

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, Floor 30

New York, NY 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

ConnectM Technology
Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Last Horizon, LLC (the Investor) have
entered into a Settlement Agreement dated as of ______________ (the Agreement) providing for the issuance of the
Settlement in the principal amount of $9,035,980.14 (the Settlement).

You are hereby irrevocably authorized
and instructed to reserve a sufficient number of shares of common stock (shares) of the Company (initially, 10,000,000 shares)
for issuance upon full conversion of the Settlement in accordance with the terms thereof. The amount of shares so reserved may be increased,
from time to time, only upon the written instructions of the Company.

The ability to convert the
Settlement in a timely manner is a material obligation of the Company pursuant to the Settlement. Provided you are acting as Transfer
Agent at the time and provided no single issuance is greater than 4.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company, your
firm is hereby irrevocably authorized and instructed to within two (2) Trading days issue shares of Common Stock of the Company
to the Investor upon your receipt from the Company of: (i) a notice of conversion (Conversion Notice) executed by
the Investor, (ii) an opinion of the companys counsel or counsel of the Investor hereby designated by the Company as counsel
to the Company for transactions hereunder, confirming that the shares may be issued upon conversion of the Settlement without any transfer
restrictions pursuant to an effective resale Registration Statement or pursuant to the exemption provided by Rule 144 (or any other
available exemption) under the Federal Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and (iii) copies of
all supporting Settlement or Rule 144 documentation (a sellers representation letter and a brokers representation
letter if the shares have been held less than twelve months). Such shares should be issued, at the option of the Investor as specified
in the Notice of Conversion either (i) electronically by crediting the account of a Prime Broker with the Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system provided the Investor causes its broker or bank to initiate a
DWAC deposit or (ii) in certificated form without any restrictive legend which would restrict the transfer of the shares, provided
however that if such shares are not able to be sold under Rule 144 or any other exemption under the Securities Act and you have
received an opinion from the Companys or Investors counsel that the issuance of the shares is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act and when issued the shares will be fully paid and non-assessable, then the issued certificates for such shares
shall bear the following restrictive legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN
FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED OR UNLESS
SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.

The shares shall remain in
the created reserve with the Transfer Agent until counsel to the Investor and an authorized officer of the Company provides
joint written instructions to the Transfer Agent that the shares or any part of them shall be taken out of the reserve and shall no longer
be subject to the terms of these instructions.

The Company shall indemnify
you and your officers, directors, principals, partners, agents and representatives, and hold each of them harmless from and against any
and all loss, liability, damage, claim or expense (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its attorneys) incurred by or asserted
against you or any of them arising out of or in connection with the instructions set forth herein, the performance of your duties hereunder
and otherwise in respect hereof, including the costs and expenses of defending yourself or themselves against any claim or liability including
any claim which may be made or asserted by the Company, except that the Company shall not be liable hereunder as to matters in respect
of which it is determined that you have acted with gross negligence or in bad faith. You shall have no liability to the Company and the
Investor in respect of this if such action was taken or omitted to be taken in good faith, and you shall be entitled to rely in this regard
and without liability on the advice of counsel, including counsel selected by you.

The Board of Directors of the
Company has approved these irrevocable instructions and does hereby extend the Companys irrevocable agreement to indemnify your
firm for all loss, liability or expense in carrying out the authority and direction herein contained on the terms herein set forth.

The Company agrees that in the
event that you resign as the Companys transfer agent, the Company shall engage a suitable replacement transfer agent that will
agree to serve as transfer agent for the Company within five (5) business days. The Company acknowledges that we will have the right
to complete any issuance or conversion request received in good order prior to our resignation. It is also understood that you are permitted
to resign without any stipulated conditions.

The Investor is intended to
be and is a third party beneficiary hereof, and no amendment or modification to the instructions set forth herein may be made without
the consent of the Investor.

Notwithstanding any other provision
hereof, the Company and the Investor understand that you shall not be required to perform any issuance of the Shares if (a) such
an issuance or transfer of Shares is in violation of any state or federal securities laws or regulations or (b) the issuance of the
Shares is prohibited or stopped as required or directed by a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction. Additionally, Company
and Investor understand that you shall not be required to perform any issuance of the Shares if Company is in default of its payment obligations
under its agreement with you.

2

Very truly yours,

ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc.

By: /s/ Bhaskar Panigrahi

Name: Bhaskar Panigrahi

Title: CEO

Date: 1/28/2025

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

[Investor] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

[Transfer Agent] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

3

To Whom It May Concern:

NON-AFFILIATE LETTER

This letter is to confirm to you that Last
Horizon, LLC (or any related companies) is not now and has not been during the preceding 90 days, an officer, director, 4.99% or
more shareholder of the Company, or in any other way an affiliate of the Company (as that term is defined in Rule
144(a)(l) of the Securities Act of 1933). This representation includes any conversion or exchange rights to equity in the
Company, if any, that Last Horizon, LLC may own or did own during the preceding 90 days, and that the exercise of same, will not
cause Last Horizon, LLC to become an affiliate of the Company.

Sincerely,

/s/ Bhaskar Panigrahi 

By: Bhaskar Panigrahi
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cntm-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cntm-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cntm-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41389

Entity Registrant Name ConnectM
Technology Solutions, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001895249

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2898342

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2 Mount Royal Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 550

Entity Address, City or Town Marlborough

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01752

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 395-1333

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CNTM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://connectm.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cntm-20250128.xsd 
cntm-20250128_lab.xml 
cntm-20250128_pre.xml 
tm254958d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-007797-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm254958d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001895249 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001895249 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
ConnectM Technology Solutions, Inc. 
DE 
001-41389 
87-2898342 
2 Mount Royal Avenue 
Suite 550 
Marlborough 
MA 
01752 
617 
395-1333 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CNTM 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>