<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004615.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004615.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203091438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004615
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICROVISION, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				911600822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34170
		FILM NUMBER:		25580861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18390 NE 68TH STREET
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-936-6847

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18390 NE 68TH STREET
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROVISION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960724
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000006577000000657702025-02-032025-02-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 3, 2025

MicroVision,
Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-34170 91-1600822

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

18390
NE 68th Street, Redmond,
Washington98052

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(425)936-6847

(Registrants
telephone number, include area code)

N/A

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock $0.001 Par Value MVIS The
Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Letter
Agreement

As
previously reported, on October 14, 2024, MicroVision, Inc. (the Company) entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with High Trail Special Situations LLC (the Investor) pursuant to which the Company
issued senior secured convertible notes (the Convertible Note) to the Investor. The principal amount for the initial
note was $45 million. On February 3, 2025, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with
the Investor (the Letter Agreement) pursuant to which the Investor elected to receive Partial Redemption Payments for the
total aggregate amount of $11,550,000 with respect to Partial Redemption Dates for June 1, 2025, July 1, 2025 and August 1, 2025, and
to defer such Partial Redemption Payments to subsequent Partial Redemption Payments Dates beginning on September 1, 2025 and ending on
March 1, 2026. Furthermore, the Investor has agreed to convert $2,750,000 of the currently outstanding Initial Principal Amount,
and to use commercially reasonable efforts to convert the remaining $5,975,000 of the currently outstanding Initial Principal
Amount by March 15, 2025, or as soon as possible thereafter, but subject to their Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in
the Convertible Note. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Convertible
Note.

The
above description of the Letter Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of such
agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein by reference.

The
terms and conditions of the Convertible Note and the agreements, instruments and documents entered into in connection with the Convertible
Note are further described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
15, 2024.

Registered
Direct Offering 

Securities
Purchase Agreement

On
February 3, 2025, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with the Investor,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Investor 5,750,225 shares of the Companys common stock, par
value $0.001 per share (the Shares) and warrants to purchase up to 5,750,225 shares of our common stock (the Warrants,
and together with the Shares, the Securities), for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $8 million. The
sale of the Securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement is expected to close on or about February 4, 2025.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares for general corporate purposes.

The
Securities (including the common stock issuable upon exercise or exchange of the Warrants) are being issued and sold pursuant to the
Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-272616) declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) on June 4, 2024. A prospectus supplement relating to the sale of the Securities (including the common stock issuable
upon exercise or exchange of the Warrants) will be filed with the SEC.

Warrant

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will issue the Warrants to the Investor. Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $1.57 per share. The Warrants will be exercisable at any time on or after
the earlier of (i) the date that is six months after the date of issuance and (ii) the date that the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as
defined in the Convertible Note) is obtained. The exercise price and the number and type of securities purchasable upon exercise of Warrants
are subject to adjustment upon certain corporate events, including certain combinations, consolidations, liquidations, mergers, recapitalizations,
reclassifications, reorganizations, stock dividends and stock splits, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets and certain other
events. We may, in connection with certain fundamental transactions, be required to pay an amount
in cash equal to the value of the warrant as determined in accordance with the Black Scholes option pricing model.

Holders
of the Warrants may exercise their Warrants to purchase shares of our Common Stock on or before the termination date by delivering an
exercise notice, appropriately completed and duly signed, and payment of the exercise price for the number of shares for which the Warrant
is being exercised in cash. If, and only if, a registration statement relating to the issuance of the shares underlying the Warrants
is not then effective or available or such shares would not be freely tradable, a holder of Warrants would be entitled to exercise the
Warrants on a cashless basis, where the holder receives the net value of the Warrant in shares of Common Stock.

The
Warrants do not confer upon holders any voting or other rights as stockholders of the Company.

A
copy of the opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Shares and Warrants is attached
as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. Copies of the Purchase Agreement and the Form of Warrant are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2 and 4.1, respectively,
and incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing descriptions do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to such exhibits.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

Exhibit
4.1 Form
of Warrant issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement dated February 3, 2025 by and between the Company and the Investor.

Exhibit
5.1 Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP.

Exhibit
10.1 Letter
Agreement, dated February 3, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investor.

Exhibit
10.2 Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investor.

Exhibit
23.1 Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1 above).

Exhibit
104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MicroVision,
Inc.

Date:
February 3, 2025 By: /s/
Drew G. Markham

Drew
G. Markham

Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

February
[__],
2025

Warrant
Shares: [_______] 

Issue
Date: February [__], 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, High Trail Special Situations,
LLC or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise,
exchange and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or times on or after the earlier to occur of (a) [__]1 and
(b) the date that the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined in that certain Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2026,
Certificate No. A-1, issued to the Holder by the Company on October 23, 2024) is obtained (such earlier date being the
Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [__],
20302 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from MicroVision,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [__] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the
Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 3, 2025, among the Company and the
purchasers signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records
showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice
of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1
NTD: To be the date that is the six-month anniversary of the Issue Date.

2
NTD: To be date that is the 5 year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day,
insert the immediately following Trading Day.

1

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.57,
subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A-B) (X) by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening
of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws)
on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice
of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours, or within two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise
is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of
regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted
hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise
rather than a cashless exercise.

2

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best
Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB
or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by
the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and
reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

3

d)Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery
Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

4

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

5

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time while this Warrant is outstanding
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property
pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised
at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder and paid to
the Holder if and to the extent the Holder exercises this Warrant.

7

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares
for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater
than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if
it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a
result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company
or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised
portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock
are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided,
further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction,
such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the
Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value
of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as
of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) the 30 day volatility
as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately
following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, or (2) 100%, (C) the underlying price per share
used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of
any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the VWAP immediately preceding the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if
earlier), (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer
of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election
and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction
in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the
Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the
Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(e) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a
Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

8

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

g) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

9

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of
this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay
any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

10

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

11

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

MicroVision,
Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: Anubhav Verma

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c),
to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________
__, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1 

ROPES
& GRAY LLP

PRUDENTIAL
TOWER

800
BOYLSTON STREET

BOSTON,
MA 02199-3600

WWW.ROPESGRAY.COM

February
3, 2025

MicroVision,
Inc.

18390
NE 68th Street

Redmond,
WA 98052

Re:
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-272616)

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to MicroVision, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) in connection with its entry into the
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2025, between the Company and High Trail Special Situations LLC (the Securities
Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will issue and sell (i) 5,750,225 shares (the Shares) of
the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), and (ii) warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of 5,750,225 shares of Common Stock (the Warrants), pursuant to the above-referenced registration statement
(the Registration Statement), the base prospectus dated March 1, 2024 (the Base Prospectus) and the prospectus
supplement dated February 3, 2025 (collectively with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus) filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).
The shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants are referred to herein as the Warrant Shares. The Shares, the Warrants
and the Warrant Shares are covered by the Registration Statement. We understand that the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares
are to be offered and sold in the manner set forth in the Prospectus.

In
connection with this opinion letter, we have examined such certificates, documents and records and have made such investigation of fact
and such examination of law as we have deemed appropriate in order to enable us to render the opinions set forth herein. In conducting
such investigation, we have relied, without independent verification, upon certificates of officers of the Company, public officials
and other appropriate persons.

The
opinions expressed below are limited to the Delaware General Corporation Law.

Based
upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that (i) the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for
as described in the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (ii) provided that the Warrants have been duly
executed and delivered by the Company and duly delivered to the purchasers thereof against payment therefor, the Warrants, when issued
and sold as described in the Prospectus, assuming a sufficient number of Warrant Shares are at the time available for issuance, will
be valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as enforcement
thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors
rights generally and by general equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law
or in equity) and implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing, and (iii) the Warrant Shares, when issued upon exercise or exchange
of the Warrants in accordance with their terms, will have been duly authorized and validly issued and will be fully paid and non-assessable.

We
hereby consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and to the use of our name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus contained therein. In giving such
consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act,
or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Very
truly yours,

/s/
Ropes & Gray LLP

Ropes
& Gray LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

February 3, 2025

MicroVision,
Inc.

18390
NE 68th Street

Redmond,
Washington 98052

Re: Deferral
of Partial Redemption Payments

To
the addressees set forth above:

Reference
is made to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement), dated as of October 14,
2024, by and between MicroVision, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and High Trail Special Situations
LLC (the Holder) pursuant to which the Company issued Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2026, Certificate No.
A-1, on October 23, 2024 in the principal amount of $45,000,000 (the Note). Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Note.

For
valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties to this letter agreement hereby agree as follows:

1. Pursuant
to the terms of Section 4(a) of the Note, if the Holder wishes to elect to require the Company to redeem all or a portion of the
Note for a Partial Redemption Payment, the Holder shall deliver to the Company a Partial Redemption Notice, including the applicable
amount of the Partial Redemption Payment, at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the applicable Partial Redemption Date in order
to make an effective election. In accordance with the terms of Section 4(a) of the Note, the Holder hereby notifies the Company that
it elects to receive Partial Redemption Payments in the amounts of $3,850,000, $3,850,000 and $3,850,000 with respect to the June
1, 2025, July 1, 2025 and August 1, 2025 Partial Redemption Dates, respectively, and the Company and the Holder agree that this letter
agreement shall constitute a Partial Redemption Notice with respect to such Partial Redemption Payments.

2. Pursuant
to the terms of Section 4(a) of the Note, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, defer any Partial Redemption Payment one or more
times to any subsequent Partial Redemption Date, in which case any such deferred Partial Redemption Payment shall become a Deferred
Partial Redemption Payment. In accordance with the terms of Section 4(a) of the Note, the Holder hereby notifies the Company that
it elects to defer the Partial Redemption Payments otherwise due on the June 1, 2025, July 1, 2025 and August 1, 2025 Partial Redemption
Dates to the subsequent Partial Redemption Dates and in the amounts set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

3. This
letter agreement shall become effective upon (i) the payment by the Company of the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
and costs of the Holder (in accordance with Section 4 hereof through the date of this letter agreement) and (ii) the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by that certain Securities Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company and the Holder
as of February 3, 2025 (the February SPA). 

4. On
the date hereof, the Company shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses and costs of the Holder (including, without
limitation, the reasonable and documented attorney fees and expenses of counsel for the Holder) in connection with the preparation,
negotiation, execution and approval of this letter agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

5. Subject
to the effectiveness of this letter agreement, the Holder agrees to convert all $8,750,000 of the currently outstanding Initial
Principal Amount underlying the February 1, 2025, March 1, 2025, April 1, 2025 and May 1, 2025 Initial Partial Redemption Payments
(the Currently Outstanding Initial Principal Amount) pursuant to Section 7(A) of the Note as described below.
Of the Currently Outstanding Initial Principal Amount, the Holder shall convert $2,750,000 of such amount into shares of Common
Stock on the date of the effectiveness of this letter agreement. The Holder shall use commercially reasonable efforts, subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 7(J) of the Note, to convert the remaining unconverted portion of the Currently Outstanding
Initial Principal Amount prior to March 15, 2025 (and, to the extent any of the Currently Outstanding Initial Principal Amount
remains unconverted as of March 15, 2025 despite such efforts, as soon as possible thereafter). 

6. The
Company shall (i) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby
(the Public Disclosure Document), and (ii) file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission within the
time required by the Exchange Act, including this letter agreement as an exhibit and describing the material terms of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Disclosure Time means, (i) if this letter agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading
Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (new York City
time) on the Trading Day immediately following such date and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time)
and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on such date. From and after
the issuance or filing of the Public Disclosure Document, the Company shall have disclosed all material, nonpublic information (if
any) provided to the Holder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or
agents and neither the Holder nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be in possession of any material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

7. 

Pursuant
to Section 4(j)(i) and (ii), respectively, of the Securities Purchase Agreement, subject
to certain exceptions, the Company is not permitted (i) during the period commencing on the
date of the Securities Purchase Agreement and ending on the date immediately following the
ninetieth (90th) calendar day after the effective date of the Resale Registration Statement
(as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) for the Notes Shares (as such
term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) underlying the Initial Purchase Notes
(as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), to directly or indirectly
issue, offer, sell, grant any option or right to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or register
or amend any outstanding registration statements or file any shelf registration statements
or announce any issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase or other
disposition of) any equity security or any equity-linked or related security (including,
without limitation, any equity security (as that term is defined under Rule
405 promulgated under the 1933 Act), any Convertible Securities (as such term is defined
in the Securities Purchase Agreement), any preferred stock or any purchase rights) or (ii)
for so long as the Notes (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) remain
outstanding, to effect or enter into an agreement directly or indirectly to effect a Variable
Rate Transaction (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement). The Holder
hereby consents to the release of the Company from the provisions of Section 4(j)(i) and
Section 4(j)(ii) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, solely to the extent necessary to
permit the transactions contemplated by the February SPA. 

8. This
letter agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts
taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed,
signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this letter agreement and/or any document
to be signed in connection with this letter agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic
Signatures (as defined below), electronic deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the
same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process
attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept
such contract or record. A partys electronic signature (complying with the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act
(N.Y. State Tech. 301-309), as amended from time to time, or other applicable law) of this letter agreement shall have
the same validity and effect as a signature affixed by the partys hand.

9. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this letter agreement shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Note.

10. This
letter agreement shall constitute a Transaction Document for all purposes under the Securities Purchase Agreement. Except as amended
herein, the Transaction Documents, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Note, are hereby ratified and reaffirmed and each of
the Company and the Holder acknowledges, confirms and agrees that all of the its respective obligations owing to the other party
under the Transaction Documents are hereby reaffirmed and shall remain in full force and effect with no further amendments, modifications
or changes hereby.

The
agreement set forth in this letter agreement is limited to the extent specifically set forth above and shall in no way serve to amend
or waive compliance with any terms, covenants or provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement or the Note, other than as expressly
set forth above.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

This
letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all of which counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same
instrument.

Very
truly yours,

MICROVISION,
INC.

By: /s/
Anubhav Verma

Name: Anubhav
Verma

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

AGREED
AND ACCEPTED:

HIGH
TRAIL SPECIAL SITUATIONS LLC 

By: /s/
Eric Helenek 

Name: Eric
Helenek 

Title: Authorized
Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

Exhibit
A

Partial
Redemption Dates Deferred
Partial Redemption Payment Due 

September
1, 2025 $ 1,650,0001 

October
1, 2025 $ 1,650,0002 

November
1, 2025 $ 1,650,0003 

December
1, 2025 $ 1,650,0004 

January
1, 2026 $ 1,650,0005 

February
1, 2026 $ 1,650,0006 

March
1, 2026 $ 1,650,0007 

Total $ 11,550,000 

1
Constituting $1,650,000 of the deferred June
1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment.

2
Constituting $1,650,000 of the deferred June
1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment.

3
Constituting $550,000 of the deferred June
1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment and $1,100,000 of the July 1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment.

4
Constituting $1,650,000 of the deferred July
1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment.

5
Constituting $1,100,000 of the deferred July
1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment and $550,000 of the deferred August 1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment.

6
Constituting $1,650,000 of the deferred August
1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment.

7
Constituting $1,650,000 of the deferred August
1, 2025 Partial Redemption Payment.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 3, 2025, between MicroVision, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a
day that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Ropes & Gray LLP, with offices located at Prudential Tower, 800 Boylston Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02199.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options to employees, consultants, officers
or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members
of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services
rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder, warrants to
the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any securities upon exercise of warrants to the
Placement Agent and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number
of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection
with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to
a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset
in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment
of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

2

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $1.39125, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agents means D. Boral Capital LLC and WestPark Capital, Inc.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

3

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the
Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-272616 which registers the sale of the Shares,
the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities,
which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

4

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 48 Wall Street,
Floor 23, New York, New York 10005, Attention: Jordan Hirsch and an email address of [***], and any successor transfer agent of
the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)
hereof, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $8,000,000.53 of Shares and Warrants. Each Purchasers
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery
Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares
and a Warrant as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in
Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing
shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree take place remotely by electronic
transfer of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agents, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery
Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers
names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agents identified by each Purchaser;
upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agents shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and
payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agents (or their clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser,
through, and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells
to any Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company),
be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be
required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement
Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing shall not constitute a representation
or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock
to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser
elects to effect any such sale, if any.

5

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agents and the Purchasers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement
Agents and the Purchasers;

(iii)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The
Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v)
a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to 5,750,225 shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price
equal to $1.57, subject to adjustment therein; and

(vi)
the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

6

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the
Company or its designee.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in
which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

7

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding
section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing (if a good standing concept exists in such jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective
certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries
is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing (if a good standing concept exists in such jurisdiction) as a foreign corporation
or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect
on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

8

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s)
to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required
thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

9

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when the Shares are issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, the Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of
all Liens imposed by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital
stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and
filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on June 4, 2024 (the
Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required
to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission
and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company,
if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At
the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date,
the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the
Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto,
at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all
material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is
eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value
of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General
Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

10

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act,
other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of
Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise
of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g),
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or
instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting
agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge
of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. As of their respective
dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes
thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material
respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

11

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has
had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any Subsidiary before or
by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively,
an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality,
validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

12

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where in each clause (i), (ii)
and (iii), the failure to so comply could not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

13

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, with such
exceptions as are not material and do not interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property
and buildings by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all material patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC
Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the
date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate
or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another
Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect
the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of the Intellectual Property Rights, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with
any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and
all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the
Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) that is sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintains disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries that are effective
in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys
certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as
of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange
Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

15

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agents, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(v), no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue
to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to
the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

16

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers
regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure
Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(z), assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations
and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf
has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances
that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable
shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

17

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

18

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agents in connection with the placement
of the Securities and in the case of clause (iii) pursuant to an at the market offering within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4)
of the Securities Act.

(hh)
[Reserved]

19

(ii)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data), except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to
notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security
breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with
all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable
safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent
with industry standards and practices.

(jj)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in material compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including,
without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy
Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to
ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection,
storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company
provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required
by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy
practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices,
as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number,
email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would
qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal
data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his
or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual
orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in
violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach
of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice
of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the
Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation
or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order,
decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability
under any Privacy Law.

20

(kk)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance
with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary,
threatened.

21

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business.

(c)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation by such Purchaser
of the transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Purchaser, or (ii)
conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give
to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such
Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state
securities laws) applicable to such Purchaser.

(d)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

22

(e)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(f)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agents nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agents has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agents nor any Affiliate of the Placement
Agents has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agents and any Affiliate
of the Placement Agents may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be
provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agents nor any of their Affiliates
has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(g)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

23

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to
cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant
to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any
subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available
for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration
statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again
and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability
of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). The Company shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance
or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired,
the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

24

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agents, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agents, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any
of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that
each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each
Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and
neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect
to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser
in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except
(a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agents, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

25

4.7
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of
the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the
Companys debt (other than (i) payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and consistent
with prior practices and (ii) payment of indebtedness owed to High Trail Special Situations LLC or any of its affiliates), (b) for the
redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation
of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations made by a Purchaser Party in
this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments
of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

26

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such
Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will
then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of
the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take
all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees
to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
[Reserved]

4.12
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than (x) the Prospectus Supplement, or (y)
the filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

27

(b)
From the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any of the Warrants, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some
future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly
or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock; provided that neither (i) the issuance of debt
or equity securities to the Purchaser pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 15, 2024, by and between
the Company and the Purchaser nor (ii) the issuance of Common Stock to the Purchaser pursuant to that certain Senior Secured Convertible
Note due 2026, Certificate No. A-1, issued to the Purchaser by the Company on October 23, 2024 shall be considered Variable Rate Transactions.
Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.13
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

28

4.14
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agents, after the issuance of the initial press release
as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby
separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set
forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.15
Capital Changes. Until the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock
split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the
Shares other than a reverse stock split that is required, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, to maintain the
listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market.

4.16
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants sets forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

29

5.2
Fees and Expenses. At the Closing, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Purchaser the non-accountable sum of $7,120
for its legal fees and expenses, none of which has been paid prior to the Closing. Accordingly, in lieu of the foregoing payments, the
aggregate amount that the Purchaser is to pay for the Securities at the Closing shall be reduced by $7,120 in lieu thereof. At
the Closing, the Company has agreed to pay the Placement Agents a aggregate sum of $160,000 in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall
pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party
incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and
any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 67% in interest of the Shares based on the
initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the
party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 67%
in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely
affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require
the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

30

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agents shall be third party beneficiaries of the representations, warranties, and
covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section
5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

31

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

32

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

33

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Microvision,
Inc. Address
for Notice:

MicroVision,
Inc. 

18390 NE
68th Street 

Redmond,
Washington 98052 

Attention:
General Counsel 

By: /s/
Anubhav Verma E-Mail: [***]

Name: Anubhav
Verma 

Title: Chief
Financial Officer 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Ropes & Gray LLP 

800 Boylston Street 

Boston, Massachusetts 02199 

Attention: Thomas Fraser 

E-Mail: [***] 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

34

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: High Trail Special Situations

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Eric Heleneck

Name
of Authorized Signatory: Eric Helenek

Title
of Authorized Signatory: Authorized Signatory

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: [***]

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

c/o
Hudson Bay Capital Management LP

290
Harbor Drive, 3rd Floor

Stamford,
CT 06902

Attn:
Capital Solutions Team

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

[***] 

Subscription
Amount: $8,000,000.53

Shares:
5,750,225

Warrant
Shares: 5,750,255Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: [***]

35

Exhibit
A

Form
of Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mvis-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mvis-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>mvis-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004615-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000065770 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000065770 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
MicroVision, Inc. 
DE 
001-34170 
91-1600822 
18390 NE 68th Street 
Redmond 
WA 
98052 
(425) 
936-6847 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock $0.001 Par Value 
MVIS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34170

Entity Registrant Name MicroVision,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000065770

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1600822

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 18390
NE 68th Street

Entity Address, City or Town Redmond

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98052

City Area Code (425)

Local Phone Number 936-6847

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock $0.001 Par Value

Trading Symbol MVIS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://microvision.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
mvis-20250203.xsd 
mvis-20250203_lab.xml 
mvis-20250203_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>